 a woman called police in australia to complain about an outrageous price hike on marijuana in her community. 
 to find a long term solution  key words long term  you must get to the root of the issue. its like weeds in a garden. weed it out.
 someone come smoke a blubt with me
 bring me blunts and ill smoke anyone out
 @lotusbabies sending a weed cake ur way
 yall drinking rockstar then smoking weed arent a good combo
 my brother has a collection of rillo packets amp weed baggies 
 first time at @hobdallas. this is greatness good  clean facility no smoke. looking forward to coming back 
 bernard noble doing 13 years for some weed 
 someone come smoke these 2 blunts with me
 1 000 points for hempfield senior julianna clark  llsports pagirlshoops @pagirlshoops
 cbdoil ummm yes its legal here but not weed
 14 true 56 whats weed 
 i just love good ass movies and weed i swear
 just weeding out my followers
 lets smoke and watch disney movies
 i smoke  kickback  then reminisce about them long nights riding dirty
 someone smoke me out
 got ole @tylerblack2222 and his dog smoke with a tn coon with 
 and i wish i had someone to smoke with
 energy runnin low  lets smoke some alien weed
 someone come over with weed s.o.s. pls
 someone smokeee
 this weed shampoo  thanks to my hair plug 
 its all smoke and mirrors.
 someone come smoke w meeeee
 i was low key they used as me where you been kinfolk puffin thin smoke when they wanted my spot but couldnt get glenn close.
 i be low key they ask me where you been kinfolk puffin thin smoke when they wanted my spot but couldnt get glenn close.
 i be low key they ask me where you been kinfolk puffin thin smoke when they wanted my spot but could not get glenn close.
 im high watching some weed movie  brazy bih
 .@realdonaldtrump it is not about that. it is smoke and mirrors so you can make sneaky maneuvers such as bannon and nsc.
 @dlaaane hehehehe... theres gotta be too much damn weed in you so you can think goin to work... hehehe
 great day sunday with hubby @bearlymediocre and our good friends smokey  matt and @jakefromdc from @washautoshow t 
 how u know ur at clark state... when u see someone taking a picture of them smoking a cig by a smoke free sign... too weak
 wasting weed 
 price not boomin come down on yo weed
 im already high as hell but the weed so good a nigga keep rolling
 shot out smoke camp 
 in the words of chris tucker also remembered as smokey take a picture  write it down the people have spoken to al 
 low key it cracks me up that so many of my friends are slowly becoming more comfortable with weed more than they once were
 @horizons93 so true. its easy to get lost in content weeds amp drift from vision. thats why i love having core values posted everywhere
 cbd has my hair growing like a weed lol lol its says take a weed seed that looks like a mustard seed plant  itmedicine i luv riddles
 jonathan smoke  chief economist  for realtordotcom  showing the real 
 nurse asked me if i smoke  i literally had to stop myself from saying smoke what 
 someone smoking weed in the school parking lot..... lol ok ok
 @chanelxxnouis  bring the weed 
 someone smoke with me and lets  hit the taco truck 
 @chelseahandler @joshwolfcomedy rt @kiro7seattle woman calls police over outrageous marijuana price hike 
 this coffee is so strong it smells like smoke. low key afraid to drink it
 @sarapedretti love the smell of weed in the morning. lolz
 @suavemontana @imthatblackguy yo we smoked reggie with chiddy in alabama thatdirt
 my mom and i walking snob hill and we see some boys on bikes  my mom theyre goin up to smoke a doobie  
 movies   music amp weed 
 woman calls police over outrageous marijuana price hike  via @fox23 dont this beat all
 leaving the house regretting that you didnt smoke first. 
 someone smoke with me
 if all you do is smoke and drink your boring to me. idc idc.
 i agree and its disgraceful. the reality show presidency amp first family. its all about image  smoke amp mirrors  an 
 ayy victor just watched smoke signals again. such a good movie.
 @passionweiss take me with you... ill pay for all the gas and weed.
 glittahfam were glammmmmin up this smokey look with some glitterbrows because why not 
 80 and 800 000 swimmers at 10 months old smokey is ready for stud merle englishbulldog 
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 someone bring me weed pls im dying
 someone come smoke with me
 yall do not want smoke with the heat atlvsmia heatison
 @oreillyfactor @geraldorivera ok gr so  we apply the same federallocal theory to say colorado and the use of marijuana bank laws are concnd
 someone smoke w me 
 someone smoke w me or serve me
 i hate the way my hair smells after i smoke 
 if you come to my crib past 11 you have to bring weed thats the rules 
 sb233 new relative to the legalization and regulation of marijuana and establishing a committee to study the l... 
 props to my buddy jcpolodrums for playing a sick set tonight at smokejazzclub with tamir 
 i wish tooth fairy left me sum weed back in the day 
 someone come over and smoke a blunt with me
  if any of you smoke a ton of weed already  can you watch this when high and tell me its purpose
  if any of you smoke a ton of weed already  can you watch this while high and tell me its purpose
 just a little somethin i wrote from behind a big cloud of smoke..
 someone come over and smoke a blunt w me 
 miloatcal uc berkeley  protesters came prepared w fireworks  smoke bombs amp tools to break windows amp doors. this i 
 if you get 3 strikes on probation  and you have 1 strike already you can smoke till you get 2 strikes 
 when he pays for dinner and smokes you up
 holy smoke if this is all true. it could take trump down 
 someone bring me taco bell   ill smoke you up 
 if my hair didnt smell like smoke id totally wait to take a shower in the morning
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 someone smoke with me 
 just trina smoke a couple blunts and vibe w someone daughter
 someone tell me to go smoke a cig
 when you give someone more weed than expected 
 i went outside and when i came back in my mom was like geez did you go out there to smoke psh whaat nooo...
 i need someone to come smoke me out before i die 
 someone bring me wraps and ill smoke you out.
 everything is a goddamn smokescreen for everything.  amazing the confusion  merging of truth amp lies that a dedicated core team can do
 @leeeugh i was literally just laying in my bed and i smelled smoke and i was like wait what and i looked down and my charger cord was 
 a little smoke before i start my day tgfad
 if my weeding shoes are designer and my husband did this... 
 we just smoke  2 ready to conquer the day
 this smoke amp mirror commitment nothavingit
 @reolaxed the man basically established the smokers code of conduct like come on
 someone come steal me from work and take me to smoke pots
 @ogafroman itd be a dream come true if i could smoke you the fuck out when you come to greensboro nc today
 could the @nfl please address alcohol abuse with the same concern they do marijuana  this is a disease. franchises should treat it as such.
 so to protest trump  false claims of hate amp violance you destroy   fireworks  smoke bombs  interfer to show how go 
 trump  cigarette his voters chose bc it felt good. hard to have compassion when they get sick  but the rest of us choke on 2ndhand smoke
 t weed with the back to back ok ok  
 im just tryna smoke fammmm someone match
 trump is all smoke amp mirrors  connect the dots trumprussia russiagate gop resistance draintheswamp 
 she smokes and drinks like a banshee alex  didnt know banshees were known for their alcohol amp tobacco use but hey ive never met one
 watching neighbors and im starting to think the only movies seth rogan didnt smoke weed in were animated...
 i guess mom thinks weed is data so thats cool  
 i love it when im walking down the street and the stench of weed from someones house hits me like a wall. 
 @faaitthhhhh yoo sex and weed gtgtthis tweet. im 17 btw.
 yoo sex and weed gtgt this tweet. im 16 btw 
 would u smoke a shitty rolled joint for 5
 @repdavid is your plan the ryan rinocare plan if so its smoke n mirrors
 i wrote a thing. about weed. check it out  
 to decrease the dependency on prescription drugs start allowing the use of medical marijuana or find a safer natura 
 yall my mom just handed me some weed
 @patcarr154 i mean with markus wheaton who knows . but hes gotta lay off the good ole marijuana
 @sarahesoltan weed
 add me me on snapchat to see me smoke a lot of blunts and drive around all day  chadsizemore
 @lukekarmali @jktidwell holy smokes thats amazing 
 ole put 5 ona weed ass nigga
 im picking up someone come over amp smoke w me
 i wan facetime someone whiles i smoke 
 bring some weed i got a story to tell
 rolling more than i can smoke
 someone have some reefer like 
 full cooked meal. good movies pistachio gelato ampamp a blunt when i did smoke  
 she wasting weed... 
 i was reading that if you smoke weed while breastfeeding  your baby can get really sleepy amp hungry 
 syria is crying but you let the media and socialmedias control that dumb  cooked up and weeded ass little brain of yours. imbeciles
 its 10 in montreal and the heated outdoor pool has sea smoke. yes someone is doing laps. @ 
 see our latest bensenville  il job and click to apply reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians
 in between all of the planting and weeding and sowing and tidying up in the garden most of us 
 some see a weed  others see a wish. what do you see purebeauty purebeautydallas 
 @terrencebyron i retract that. its cannabis syrup. have some fuckin fun careful of all that sugar 
 someone smoke with me when i get out of work please 
 yes  i bring my own smoke machine to my photo shoots. it adds mystery. photo @withreservation @ 
 its 1013 in the morning and someone in the hall is already blazin the reefer
 imma just listen to some x and smoke idc idc idc
 so i was sad and then i remembered season 2 of love came out today and weed exists
 just tryna smoke amp vibe tn 
 do they already have movie theaters that you can smoke in 
 my youtube channel hitting 1 million views on saturday. i should smoke a cigar to celebrate  
 andy is in hawaii with hempfield  band and i have never been to this jealous 
 so  we lose an hour of sleep this weekend. perfect opp to gain some fresh  smokefree air. buffalo wny jamestown 
 someone smoke with me today 
 yes  smoke amp mirrors 
 sage smoke blessing and cleansing the space for the waterprotectors. i was in dire need of that 
 lol merch someone just smoked a square in this bitch
 democrats should let trumpcare happened. a way to weed out the herd. raise americas i.q. points. 
 international r kelly day hennessey amp coke all day and smoke sum 
 yall weed be looking like dirt too
 they cant hold shadows back no mo. like chain smoke. the flames of my life burn low  with fumes of sighs and weed smoke.
 and im far from cheap  i smoke skunk with my peeps all day
 ic west out of the gates hot  up 70. kennedy was down 3211 to hempstead though  so.... iahsbkb
 head in the clouds tryna smoke your way out it
 ill the bring the bag o weed  you can bring the bottle of whine
 dont understand how someone can have parents or close family who smoke  see the effects on them and still chose to do it themselves
 weve already weeded out all our top suspects this is so strange 
 someone please explain to me why cute boys smoke.
 rolling up a o you know i smoke
 if you ever need someone to stare at you all day while they smoke blunts add @jonnydi20746255 on snapchat.
 zachary from @igzu says why we should eat bamboo. arjan from @naturespath likens it to hemp or flax seeds 10 yrs ago seed2sprout expowest
 planting our class snap peas and weeding the school garden funfriday rcsdstoneridge 
 honestly i think weed can bring the world together 
 ned price being adorably wonky on wolf. serious  totally calm and believable. lots of smoke plumming from russia talk
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation 
 someone smoke w me tonight
 this is ridiculous. holy smokes the whistles.  @ragincajunsmbb  geauxla
 the smoke way 
 we bout to smoke that mari pack @jaredtikker
 snacks. movies. weed my night
 twisting my weed  easing my mind
 i found weed in my dogs hairs 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 if someone could smoke with me thats be cool. dont gotta match i just wanna b spaceddd
 controversial  if the only way you can have fun is with weedalcoholpills youre boring. likes it cool but theres more to life honestly
 facetime smoke seshs  
 she had a lil weed  we got a lil high. im looking @ her eyes and im lovin her vibe.
 nigga i smoke loud not reggie son. no credit given 
 someone come to my job and smoke with me.
 someone smoke with me and ean
 when your favorite show on netflix @love has @chancetherapper smoke break in the first episode
 someone smoke with me  ill spark it 
 somebody bring me some weed
 im sick n all out of weedwax  would pay xtra for someone to deliver. pls sick sucks enough let alone sick wo weed
 they have sweetwater pulled porter in bottle with smoked bacon flavor for the bacon lovers @ vinings bottle shop 
 finally got to watch thearrival. holy smokes that was a great movie with a great message.
 i am a smokey mirror  because i am looking at myself in all of you  but we dont recognize each other because of the smoke btw us.
 someone come smoke this joint with me
 is that a key word for weed 
 cant wait till im back at work  pay day comes and just going to smoke like 6 blunts to myself at a view
 i only smoke weed that has been blessed by a shaman
 i feel like i wanna chill for a little bit  smoke  amp stay up watching movies but considering ive already showered amp ate ill be sleep in 10
 someone want to smoke
 cant wait to smoke and then stay up all night catching up on bgc w my princess
 hats off to the @rcsd  throw the book at them weed amp drinking while holding a baby amp driving  deserve whatever they get livepd
 .@stephenathome got that right 1 cause of globalwarming is scottpruitt blowing smoke up oil industries... er 
 bobbie when illy and i bouta smoke a bowl 
 can someone come smoke with me  i like having company
 on the real can someone smoke me out 
 thats fukked up how you fukking her amp her weedman 
 someone come smoke this j wme
 a testimony from one of our members more to come and see the powers of cbd hemp oil  @norcalkan 
 i didnt went to sleep early because this weed dealer was supposed to deliver me a quarter of loud and they didnt even came thru
 amazing what a little sex and weed can do 
 someone smoke w me
 roll that marijuana thats a cheap vacation.
 @petergo99037185 most eu traders can deliver 9 bankroll profit in a day  1440 profityear not unusual  what kind of stuff they smoke at sa
 boy you got that sex weed sex so good that it gets me high 
 youve got to be in the weeds of your business. the mistake made by too many leaders  according to a ceo   @wef
 @roseperson disaster lies in wait for those countries whose officials smoke the same hashish they give out i.f. stone
 ifd there were no working smoke alarms in the home. investigators are working to figure out where and how the fire started @rtv6
 then the lord will create over all of mount zion and over those who assemble there a cloud of smoke  . . . 
 saturday morning vibes. smoked hash and an iced coffee from @thegeneralmuir the perfect way to 
 28 aint enough...you need more. see all that weed over there thats one weed jar.
 got to love the 8 am lawnmower and weedeating alarm clock on saturday morning
 honestly i think he was just mad that she smoked all his weed and wasnt awake when he came back for more sex
 @theslimdude maggie smoked up a storm while mounties looked the other way if only the little people had it so good 
 yes obama lied  yes russia story is a lie and the smoke of democrats is a lie... 
 i just want someone true. someone to smoke with me.
 @justmdsjr he didnt do shit to her but tell her to stay elsewhere after the sex was weak and she smoked up his trees.
 these rock stars smoked the relentlessly holly american cancer society 5k at brier creek this morning hsxcc 
 these rock stars smoked the relentlessly hilly american cancer society 5k at brier creek this morning hsxcc 
 where that tweet that says someone was spending 600 a month on weed. 
 you can pick up negativity just like secondhand smoke. inspirehappiness
 smoke da smoke by @dgainz   watch now thanks again legend    
 my solution to everything is marijuana. or a nap.
 i need more friends who are down to smoke a blunt amp watch a movie
 if you aint sure about someone why the entire fuck are flying across the country to sleep and smoke with them go down the street for dat.
 livepd when @danabrams sees someone pulled over with baby not properly restrained open container and weed in car c 
 light the weed. @torylanez
 im at wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 free social networking event for women only female entrepreneurs and females in the hemp  
 @kkcorov @noxypaws im not defending them  i told you already im weeding out the asshats 
 @kkcorov @noxypaws im not justifying the posts  but as for weeding out the bad people that saids a lot.
 @kkcorov @noxypaws interesting if i have been defending these posts for this long amp weeding out the shitty people why have i not blocked u
 someone come smoke with me 
 see our latest munster  in job and click to apply reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians
 today i would like to smoke fat amp watch movies amp eat munchies all day with someone
 someone thought i made up weed  nm lol  yes  weed  nm is real. established in the 1800s.  in 
 i want some top as i smoke this 
 just watched a couple of new jacks promos from smokey mountain and they were amazing.
 i dont even smoke but my cloud in the clouds
 i had sensetive information in emails. i hope no one uses my  hempcon ticket before i do
 ill be over here  with my hat low... might see a lotta weed smoke
 i am showing jason my smoke a bowl playlist amp this was first 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 bitch my feelings hurt now im wasting weed
 to people who pretend to smoke cigarettes 4show why do u enjoy pretending to be gross its a nasty habit amp true smokers r not proud
 heretonight saturday jammin smoke the restaurant downtown with tekneek downstairs ash at 
 now  weed has some of yall looking just as raggedy as yall personalities.
 scratch that i went a more smokeyviolet  hair
 i here someone smoke me out 
 someone is totally smoking weed and its not me. beausstpats
 i smoke blunt with ha watch ha show out 
 @rbreich is it fair to say that gop is hiding behind trumps smoke amp mirrors hoping 2 get their agenda passed wo the rest of us noticing
 be careful we got weed amp xans  my patna drives faster me 
 no words to describe smoke. a partial season team that looked like theyve been together all season great way to start your season
 i just took a hit of weed while a huge eagle was flying out of the ditch. 
 if you whont to stop smoking weed try  buying this for  someone without punching it or expecting eney thing thats 
 ay who mobile these fools want some weed
 i just had a smoke session in the back of the bentley
 i just had a smoke session in the back of the bentley
 back from the smoke zone inlaws bbq. 0x wrote last evening. now starting a typing session. weather 84 f
 back from the smoke zone inlaws bbq.  wrote last evening. now starting a typing session. weather 84 f too warm for midmarch
 heard you got a cheaper price on that reefer huh
 my coworker tried to teach me how to smoke properly so i wouldnt embarrass myself at parties lol thx
 i just wanted to have a date night where we cook drink smoke and watch movies but it never happens  never
 what does the bible teach about the cannabis plant  
 someone lets smoke and get food
 man someone give me a move ill smoke with you
 someone smoke me out 
 i just put on aqua teen hunger force and i have no idea why i loved this when i was 14 and didnt smoke lol
 ill just smoke and watch movies.
 @lah3309 @o4america yes one nasty little weed at a time...we have alot of weeding to do but we have 7 yrs to do it 
 someone smoke with me tonight 
 heretonight saturday jammin smoke the restaurant downtown with tekneek downstairs ash at 
 dont be fooled by lies  false accusations  and outrageous comments. its just an american political smoke screen. 
 nawwww we didnt smoke player livepd 
 them boys from the smoke showing out for the 409 
 can someone please tell me who smoke more dope then 38 
 amazing win by hempfield over state 1 allen. lot of credit to @phsastephens for showing the blueprint to beat their high flying offense.
 tryna smoke a back with my boy @babytyyga
 @cartierburgundy he was probably mad she not only looked crazy.. but was smoking up all his weed  she doesnt see hints..
 you should smoke it if you got it. i came all this way too the top from the bottom.
 congrats to the smoke  bring it back to the 409
 .. i will smoke your shits dabria. you slow. mad cool thoo.
 @bessbell ive got a place at the edge of the redwoods with enough weed and camping space for yall. and a murder shortlist. bring wine.
 can someone just come over amp smoke w me 
 @jbaylis tag him in a tweet and tell his old ass i want smoke
 when typing means more than the actionsactions speak louder than words words have more meaning than action . think i smoked 2 much herb
 someone smoke me out amp ill love you forever
 seen on a panhandler sign downtown today why lie i need  for weed 2017
 someone come netflix n smoke
 someone smoke with me
 just trying to lay up with someone watch movies and smoke
 bring weed @3ohfour
 @bonniemcfarlane back in the day.1989 we used to to refer to our weed as the phyllis diller. love your book listened on audible
 the use of smoke break in the first episode of @love season 2 
 someone be down to smoke
 group on mission  to save smokestacks  via @telegraphherald
 isnt it cool when ur 24 year old brother steals your grinderi just got yesterday with weed in it
 someone in pasadena smoke a blunt w me plz
 finna hang like craytons nuts and smoke a few blunts by them turbines  amirite bois. 
 time is an ocean  not a garden hose. space is a puff of smoke  a wisp of cloud.
 @yaamtheman bout to smoke
 movies movies movies  weed weed weed  happy happy happy
 new word of the night smoke bomb
 plug just came through   now someone come smoke with me
 when you see someone smoke the blunt but doesnt inhale it so hes basically wasting it 
 someone smoke 
 when youre in austin  you tour the smokehouse. thx @creativecloud for t he amazing nosh at freedmensbbq sxsw 
 where i live the synthetics disappeared when mass legalized marijuana honestly its the only solution to shitty drugs @doctrwang @qkode
 someone pick me up lets smoke
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 what in the canabisation 
 my ex smokes because she thinks it makes her look cool
 a gym selfie showing off your booty will definitely help weed out who the real fuckboys are in your social media...
 @russdiemon was amazing  now i get to smoke a joint with my baby. over all good day
 did she say her hair looks like its been assaulted by a weed wacker  
 me seeing someone smoke on snapchat. 
 @keyisqueen smoke with me
 mbn that you got high and say you wasnt going to smoke with out me  lies out the ass
 @boobsnweed @spiritedstoner its smoke weed and lie in the sunday
 keep in mind  all cannabis consumption is medical. when has someone consumed and killed someone. never. medicated cannabis
 lemme smoke and start my already late day.
 keep in mind  all cannabis consumption is medical. when has someone consumed and killed someone never. medicated cannabis
 who wants to smoke and shop today someone anyone pls
 smoky storm rolling through keybiscayne now. smoke from naples brushfire @stormhour @capitalweather 
 can someone come smoke with me  i need blunts
 true life i smoke way too much weed.
 its sunday... i just want someone to come over  cuddle me  smoke w me  watch movies me amp be lazy w me allllllllll dayyyyy 
 so hh parents were talking about my picture on twitter bc there was weed in it.. i hate the suburbs 
 someone come through on gods day amp roll up this here weed amp lets watch movies
 many of us have seed aspirations with weed tendencies spanspeaks gcspan
 someone smoke with me
 someone bring me a blunt and ill smoke it with you
 just ate so good bout to relax smoke and watch movies all day
 weed in hawaii and weed in the mainland is totally different i could never compare to
 main media needs to report on putintrump connection  not trumpcare thrown up as its smokescreen irresponsible journalism
 rolling marijuana thats a true vacation
   wouldnt be great to see nicki minaj play malia obama showing her ass twerking and smoking weed at lallapalooza
 the moment you looking out the window hoping to see someone you can bum a square off of.  smh.  no 1 smokes near me.  lol.  struggleisreal
 tmz will give trump more ability to fabricate truth  tell more lies  and project more smoke and mirrors to fool us. 
 netflix watch list something says watch again  dont remember watching the 1st time. oh well  have another smoke 
 yesterday some homeless folk downtown asked me i wanted to smoke a blunt with them  i said no thanks guys  i get high off respecting women
 you get it if you want it. im sure his view here is consistent with his views on abortion and marijuana. 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation..
 need someone to smoke with me on my days off 
 someone comeover and smoke with me
 all my roommates are sleeping someone come over and smoke this grape with me
 someone smoke w meeeeee
 @madflavor road trip from nj to california and back. bring reefer or dont bring reefer
 i take a huge bite of the snickerdoodle @ my moms amp right after she says btw dont eat those cookies in the counter. theyre weed cookies
 i take a huge bite of the snickerdoodle @ my moms amp right after she says btw dont eat those cookies on the counter. theyre weed cookies
 i never have to pay when we smoke  
 finally started watching gotham and holy smokes does @robinlordtaylor nail it as penguin he has quickly become my favorite in the series.
 looking for social smoke in mission hills socalsmokeshop is stocked and ready for your 
 wow  @markmcmillian29 ur man jaw jordan just smoked everyone at the theopening in 6man 40y dash.
 i should have stayed home last night and smoked a couple blunts lol
 alicias birthday gday party was litt hosted by hp thx 4 having smokey register2smoke djlife 
 just got a cool tshirt and some new weed
 someone come over to the apartment w weed. thank u
 @alysaberkley come smoke a joint idc
 someone smoke with me
 @thediyhacks @stockmonsterusa duhh thats a no brainer tell us something we didnt know  alcohol kills marijuana d 
 despite its thorns and our natural tendency to cut weeds  this is just pretty. nature @ 
 @ttawesome there is precident on radioactive materialthe radioactive boy scout got material from smoke detectors 
 hbd @kenadolson youre a smoke show  and i like ur bday 
 great balance of flavor bw smoke amp heat  like it @pairodicebrew  get... smoked serrano stout 
 you have too bring weed 
 i prefer city of trees though not the nod to cannabis as commonly refd...farm to fork rebranding is just ok. @marcosbreton @sacbeenews
 bitches be bumming off niggas expecting them to smoke yall out  yall burnt
 alot of females blow they smoke right at the camera on snapchat bitch you wastin weed tryna look cute
 just rolling a lil weed 
 @highvalley use hemp oil  itll bring out the natural grains of the wood.
 i just watched somebody inhale cigar smoke thinking she cool 
 sunday night come watch walking dead and smoke a great tasting hookah
 someone smoke
 yo if you coming to the show tonight bring some weed cause when i drop free its fucking litt 
 so tomorrow im starting my 60 day no weed no liquor no sex no masterbation fast.  hopefully this goes well.
 chain smokers at the houston rodeo.  valalalee leelax @ houston livestock show amp rodeo 
 bring me some weed 
 brent was watching me smoke a cigarette outside of the growler and told me that i looked really cool and made him want to smoke
 bout to head back to da west and politic wit my mans while we chief on dis weed.
 im just looking at this weed like its goin roll itself
 i thought this dude on a disney channel show was wearing a weed shirt amp disney channel was getting a lot more chill 
 @caph1  srsly. 12 years. poof like a cloud of smoke. oh wait  maybe thats the answer that cloud of smoke  
 @gwynethpaltrow entrepreneurs word mean money in single i am native america i know smoke in other words bullshit one i thing this miss
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 i just want someone to come smoke with me 
 @czarsv people told lies about me all over. im still clean and sober tobacco free  no marijuana. lost my truck. almost died in coquil  or.
 reality is here folks. a 6  7  8  9  10 woman is in all likelihood a smoke show  so yeah  easy call 
 a dense cloud of prestulential smoke hangs over it forever.
 someone smoke me up
 @jodieemery @citizenwr @craigsmye slavery laws violated the constitution. cannabis laws violate the constitution  not a false equivalency.
 rolling marijuana what a cheap vacation
 someone come smoke w us 
 couples who smoke together 
 i just smoked weee with livs mom
 ok so everyones been asking where im at....i just started at smoke in stone oak....ill be here 
 someone bring me a blunt and lets smoke it in my bed amp watch movies
 the legendary calm hotbox that happens when munchies  weed  and good tunes come together to deliver a smooth standard of excellence
 tell my baby bring weed
 low and slow smoked baby back ribs and grilled corn on the cob tossed in compound butter with a 
 i cannot tell if anyone reads my tweets. if you read this  please send a smoke signal that says the code read your tweet.
 drugastar don hempley
 @couchpaterknow why are they getting so wonky and into the weeds
 need that blowing smoke in the wind with top down on a summer night kind of vibes
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 got a lil jackherer wax from @greenstargrows  headband was cool  cant wait to see how jack smokes 
 rollin marijuana   thats a cheap vacation
 the weed put me in a vibe
 lets smoke without a purpose..
 yes ill take 3 inches of weed please
 can i pay someone in thin mints to come make my bed and put my clean clothes away for me while i watch weeds or nah
 someone on this tv show just blamed someone for just smoking weed and binge watching house of cards honestly fuck of
 someone on this tv show just blamed someone for just smoking weed and binge watching house of cards honestly fuck off
 @draeosina @drahmedkalebi @jmgardnermd ahmed and kaitlin already cracked the code its hempath related @evemariecrane @kylebradleymd
 smoking on her lil hookah so i approach the scene.didnt say anything though.just looked at her. she blew the smoke and looked me in my eyes
 rolling marijuana thats a strict vacation
 ugh can i smoke with thatcaliforniakidd  lmfao.  go show some love.  hope youre feeling 
 @bitchmale if i had weed i would describe it as recalibrating
 wasting weed 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation..
 if someone takes me to pick up ill smoke you out
 she said someone true . she said  i just want someone to smoke with me babe 
 @sinsemillaplug sin semilla.  tried that once had a panic attack.  used to cheap mexican.  is trump into weed.  i never heard.
 smoke weed everday...
 gatlinburg tennessee godscountry moonovermymountains @ on top of old smokey 
 gatlinburg tennessee godscountry moonovermymountains @ on top of old smokey 
 i spent over 2 bands on weed yesterday im set for sxsw
 rodrigos family had a weed party. i am jealous
 breakingnews car struck on @lirr tracks. west hempstead br remains suspended in both directions. use alt branches 
 @qz it is weeding people out in a medically chemically dependant society..
 starting my morning off w a lil bit of weed  kinetic stretches amp then a run
 @boewing lowkey glanced at ur icon and ur dog looked like smoke i was like damn bo smoking that dank weed kskdkdkkd
 i remember reading this mchanzo fic where they smoked a joint together but like a cigarette and they didnt cough very unrealistic
 @theberkeeffect smoke like the clinton emails
 good luck to all those families amp those in pain alabamas slow embrace of medical marijuana 
 how do you carry your cannabis heres my current collection of discreet and not at all discreet bags. womengrow 
  queen of smoke amp mirrors...amazing
 sweetest good morning text ive ever received  theres coffee in the pot and weed in the nightstand. love you.
 all me goregous and jass do is smoke
 i been smoking alota weed and answering a lota emails
 they need legalize weed in nebraska already . everybody stay smoking anyways 
 who wants to smoke wed and watch the new samurai jack w me 
 gross. the @jimmyjohns driver in cape girardeau  mo  smokes while speeding in his truck with political signs to deliver sandwiches.
 just met a woman in starbucks who smokes weed with her pet pig. yes she is white
 the father  the son the holy smoke that cool my mind i found me a bomb that nova scotia blew my mind @sminobrown 
 i can smoke amp vibe to russ amp post malone whenever
 from a hemp leader  @dr. david bronner. food for thought.    @soilbiology @jamieinhia @hoosierlocavore
 cool but can i put my weed in it
 @jkirwan i see u creepin on me. now get ya ass over here so we can smoke n make my hair not look like baby puke 
 bring me some weed 
 someone in el paso smoke me out lol
 @markpoloncarz the legalization and regulation of medicinal and recreational marijuana would be a good step in combating opioid addiction.
 see our latest munster  in job and click to apply reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians
 trump is rude himself and fails to see that and so is his core staff. americans deserve the truth not lies amp smokes 
 made my first @moschino purchase  did my storm food shopping at trader joes  and now to pick up some ganja  errands
 why you on social media acting you do but dont want smoke 
 finna smoke a j finally and watch movies on sc.
 rolling my weed on rolling stones vinyls
 mi flight got delayed someone pick me up and lets get some weed  fuck
 prefer someone that can smoke me out  not vise verse 
 @itsjb8 my boy phil i see you smoke 
 most of  thought we lived in a post racial society because you have a few white friends you smoke weed and interracial sex with.
 someone smoke me up 
 pre storm smoke.  so good laflordominicana docjamescigars docjamescrew nowsmoking snowstorm 
 someone come listen to old school rampb and smoke this blunt with me
 i dont want hit the weed so ima come and watch them you going watch me smoke you  
 @realdonaldtrump new eo smoke and mirrors to get off the point of the horrible trumpcare which millions will lose coverage trumprussia
 the weed be telling the troof 
 join us @lasalleprep in @niagarafallsusa on 315 as students sign a pledge to live a smokefree lifestyle and take 
 my moms taught me everything ik  but she kant teach me how to be a man  somethings you learn on your ownfree smoke
 got home to these beautys  holy smokes i am in  snag your this weekend @heardonhurd 
 prayed for strongholds of sex  alcohol  drugs  lies  amp loss of identity to be pulled out like weeds and demolished at shs. prayingmomsunite
 someone come over tmr and smoke with me and watch old disney movies
 honestly if someone wants to get snowed in w me tonight.... i have weed  food  and netflix. hmu
 at the dmv and someone just sat behind me that has a distinct weed odor.
 i smoke a couple blunts a day cause i overthink everything
 look what birdy brought us.. limited supply for all you ganja lovers @ rigs 4 us 
 i need a minute..ight lehgo she fell in love it fell apart..ight lehgo she met her match i let her match she lit her match she let me smoke
 someone drop me off a dime or come smoke with me 
 wheee the weed at
 i lost like 10 followers bc of that little meltdown  that was just the weak weeding themselves out
 giving a a new meaning to smoke showing. how about  smoke showing  give me a 3rd alarm. 
 someone bring me some weed before the snow gets too bad
 someone bring me weed before the snow gets bad
 snapchat filters amp hookah smoke is all i know .. 
 someone smoke with me 
 so thats what the smoke by my house is 
 @colafire fanning the smoke out of the linen business. employee tells me the normally close at 5 
 ways for cannabis businesses to become more environmentally sustainable  via @marijuanatimesx
 ways for cannabis businesses to become more environmentally sustainable  via @marijuanatimesx
 i post weed shit and i still keep my followers  that is honestly a little surprising.
 will smoke someone out fat if they come help clean my apartment 
 @weedfeed how are you going to test cannabis that wasnt grown properly and is no good. for medicinal purposes
 lord forgive me roll the weed up on the bible 
 the effect of the curse is to reduce the fecundity  resilience and vitality of nature allowing opportunistic thorns and thistles and weeds
 government grows ditch weed seeds stems 
 @rjchopper  same. compromise is a skill that i learned in pub ed. however  this far right smoke amp mirror trick has me running the opp. way
 someone smoke me up smh
 @drmichaellbrown this is a very big concern. while people slept  the enemy sowed the weeds  matt. 1325
 ifyouweremyboo id take you to go hike and smoke some indo at the hollywood sign
 someone asked me if i smoke  and i responded with yes  crack. they didnt respond...  
 @ravengates09 facing her ex looking like a smoke show yessss girl slay that dude
 ok lets all agree emma is a smoke show raw
 the bachelor was lackluster this season....  but vanessa is a pure and a utter smoke show.
 my fathers truck now has over 500 horsepower and is very loud and blows fat clouds of black smoke.
 hannity  stup dog is just that. skoming weed does note make you cool with society. i agree on mj but not his antics. legalmarajuana
 hannity  stup dog is just that. snokn weed does not make you cool with society. i agree on mj but not his antics. legalmarajuana
 somebody come over  i got weed hookah movies wifi amp snacks 
 come smoke hookah with me while i straighten my hair
 back home in shitty ol weedville. ugh.
 i look like im on marijuana jordan  please stay innocent forever 
 someone smoke with me
 rachel is a smoke show  cant wait to watch her season thebachelorette 
 good weed  good drink  big money mayne. rollin in somethin foreign  on leather grippin grain.
 when you have no weed for the snow storm
 buttscience a frozen ass will cause dogs to shiver idiots to stare  and infants to shadow smoke  
 they cant hold shadows back no mo. like chain smoke. the flames of my life burn low  with fumes of sighs and weed smoke.
 @hashimkb  weed
 add weed 
 smoke weed everday. 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 i like weed ok.
 was tryna bring some weed back from jamaica but forgot i gotta get back on the plane ctfu
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 ill let yous smoke my weed if yous each eat a little
 @nancydaweedlady @0hhbreezy lmfao i meant im down to smoke that lil bazooka blunt  idk how to ride a bike so yall can do that 
 someone deliver me weed
 the day marijuana is legal in texas i will accept my family on social media.....until then i dont want to be judged onlyjccanjudgeme.
 lets smoke and talk about space.
 yes on 4 committee held marijuana hearing  via @wwlp22news
 where the mobile weedmans at
 when youre already off a weed brownie and the promethazine comes out gtgtgtgt 
 finally lets start weeding these animals out  
 looking over your fence and in your window to see if you smoking weed then knocking on your door to lecture you about it.
 @xohannah just weed tbh
 you got money for jordans  iphones  and weed but not for a bed k. 
 @morningmika @morningjoe  democrats are lost in the weeds. defending the welfare state. down 1200 seats since obamunism
 im not showing you how to do smoke tricks my guy  your wasting my weed
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   automotive munster  in
 if you outside to smoke a cigarette you got a serious addiction and you should see someone
 outstide chipotle in hempfield submitted by william f. jagoff pittsburgh hempfield chipotle badparking 
 chokin on the smoke from a lucky strike somebody lifted offa his old man
 bring me starbucks. ill smoke you out
 i see smoke behind tom price.  on . @todayshow
 will weedin  gardenfamous @wilwheaton
 some of yall fools prisoners to marijuana...marijuanasystem
 @ffdiehards @thabestuno stop smoking weed...till you get to mid season anyway  daaaamn  
 the beauty of clarifying your core values is that it helps you to weed through what needs a response and what you can let go. leader
 need more girlfriends to come over to smoke  watch movies  and cuddle 
 850 credit score or a lifetime of weed
 @morningmika  you fell into  his trap.... its a smokescreen to take the media off of the real scandal about him in the russians. lol
 i take it back   ill take weed so i can resell it 
 wail  you gate howl  you city melt away  all you philistines a cloud of smoke comes from the north   . . . 
 hey @chriscuomo  can you testify at my cousins trial he got nabbed for selling weed last month. thx @cnn blizzard2017  fakenewscnn
 if theres no pito do not smoke hookahhhhhhhh
 hope all r having a gr8 blessed day. we tell children not to smoke. well what about the pups @edie0326 
 @senbillnelson trumpcare puts preexist clause behine smokemirrors requiring riders for preexist. cost prohibitive  preexist disappears
 @cnnpolitics trumpcare uses smokemirrors to make preexist clause disappear. pretends it stays  must buy  riders. alternative facts
 me watching someone roll a baggy filled w mampms made me realize that i now know how to point out a weedie.
 starting to think the vikings are just going to dissolve and not exists next year.  poor up in smoke.
 what day is it bbqtuesday we gots ribs on the smoker. come get sauced with our half rack fresh off the smoker thi 
 someone come smoke with meee
 i love rolling my own cigarettes despite how bad i am at rolling but i cant smoke them anywhere without getting looks
 @governorva expected to sign marijuana reforms into law  
 someone please deliver me some weed
 snoops weed gotmelike  sending goodvibes to the stonerfam  churchofwhatshappeningnow smokeweedeveryday 
 someone come smoke with me
 holy smokes im not even halfway through my vacation and i think ive already worn out my fat pants.
 now we know trumps fortune is all smoke and mirrorsthats why hes  hiding his tax returnsphony and frauddonaldjtrump
 @yaredofficial bring weed over here
 yet you always tweet about someone to smoke you out.... confused
 wicked weed garson and ba el paraiso. 
 hb215 engross establishing a commission to study the legalization  regulation  and taxation of marijuana. 
 @reallukegunning @liamdurham33 hahaha ok true one of the only dudes but i dont think weve ever smoked 20 blunts before luke haha
 someone smoke me out
 someone send me weed to take amazing pictures of. weed marijuana 420 losangeles cannibus i also appreciate glass 
 someone come smoke
 i honestly just need someones vehicle to smoke in....
 there is only 1 prong  1 step  the rest is smoke and really dirty mirrors. 
 im starting to think chance the rappers 3 hat is going to turn into pharrells smokey the bear hat
 someone smoke with me
 i need a friend who loves to color her hair as much as i do so we can dye our hair  smoke blunts amp watch movies every now and then 
 i need a someone to smoke w 
 @sevvierose shit. a perfect storm. ill smoke one for ya
 pay me or watch your girl smoke this by herself
 can you recommend anyone for this job reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   automotive chicago  il
 ones that will come to my house and smoke with me all day and watch z nation ... thats not much to ask
 see me at a show... i might point you out and talk to you about smoking weed  love  life  
 will anyone deliver weed in this snow storm for an extra 5
 smoke weed errdayyy
 someone come smoke this weed w me pls
 just found a youtube channel for a girl that gets paid 60k per year just to smoking weed on youtube and talk about it.
 lie swipe and smoke weed 
 bobby unser in smokey yunick ford torino talladega daytona500 transam 
 @dongeronimoshow @carmchris1 @peddledown  sex lube made of marijuana might increase orgasm  via @nypost
 and... more scandal wish all the smoke coming out of wh could blow signals to hill for gop 2stand up for country  
 broken lawnmower  weedeater  blower  and cracked a window with a rock. what a great week
 me at the dentist yesterday  when she asked if i smoked an had to chose my words wisely. 
 starting to watch weeds 
 hm2 weedor told me ill be a great surg tech in the future  honestly made my whole day
 itd be cool to have some1 to watch netflix w amp smoke with but yeah itd be cool
 all niggas do is lie  smoke weed amp lie some more. 
 carlisle would smoke yall... 
 not a fan of girls who smoke weed low key
 @liberalno  must have smoked a doobie . . nobody talks that way unless theyre wrecked
 @whiphoyer trumps team asked for wiretap extension  hang on to your hats  they will detonate another madeup scandal  smoke amp mirrors
 lavarballsays his sons will buy all of russia and trump and then smoke some stogies.
 most start with marijuana addictionisreal 
 you know what they say where theres smoke  there is a 70 steak being cooked well done
 out of weeds thats great katie im so proud of u for weeding the garden mom 
 momma asked me if i smoked weed said yes then she said mmmm ok pues be careful
 someone bring me a ciggy and smoke with me
 someone come smoke this w me
 need someone to come smoke w me when im done studying
 i have a sudden urge to smoke  or watch a tom cruise movie  that dayton logo looks like the old winston logo
 @vp no one is buying what ryans selling who wrote that bill boehners smokey back rooms leaving out the conservatives that voted 4 trump
 lies we want to see the tax returns. enough with the smoke screens already 
 taxleak timing is suspicious  possible smokescreen to the trumpcare cbo numbers
 many theories as to motive which scandal was smokescreened  but consensus forming around notion that this was a w 
 @haylinic probably got into some of that dank weed yo. got dem chill vibes goin on.  but in all honestly i hope she feels better.
 i want someone to fall in love with me at 2am when im at the gas station w no bra on buying blunts to roll me weed 
 the first episode of the new season of love plays smoke break so im sure i made the right decision when i started watching this show
 hands down best weed ive her had  and smoke half oz already know the rest tonight  
 kitchen fire in residential unit legacy at sonoma 1825 sonoma blvd batt21 on scene reporting smoke showing establishing legacycommand
 i need weed. who mobile
 @chrisdobbertean the nit first round is interesting because its basically a weeding out period for teams that want to be there.
 see sony know smoke amp mirrors by giving you a view like this amp add 4k 60fps fps stands for  fools paying sony 
 good for you rachel those of us that see through the smoke and mirrors applaud you 
 one thing that social media has definitely done is turn weedheads into douchebags
 @nickblackhall totally agree...well see who follows the smoke.
 ima snob when it comes to my smoke.
 lol well i havent been havin sex lately so its been a smoke spot for now  
 im so bored someone come over and eat junk food and smoke  and watch tv and talk with me
 @fncladiesrule @kennedynation @cheechmarin are you kidding crap everything just went up in smoke
 someone bring me weed for my bday thanks
 hey  add me on snapchat and lets be friends. im tired of the lack of originality of seeing people smoke weed in their stories every day.
 blessed somebody with 20 today. i hope whoever got it uses it to buy weed 
 @tydolla @callhimmiami @whateverniy me and my mans want all smoke yall tryna hit 
 all i do is smoke weed and idc what any of my family has to say anymore
 hello realtor friends join us for this fun marijuana ce credit class on 320 420 marijuana 
 you alcohol and weed  me  an intellectual huffing paint and drinking gasoline
 someone come smoke w me
 some of you females can not roll i b looking at it on snapchat  abusing gars and weed 
 i got 2 blunts but no weed wtffffff
 i always wanted to be on a reality show when i was 16 then i thought nigga i do is smoke weed and wake up late nobody wanna see that lol
 socalbadparty amazing vendor  crafted cannabis  @ central la  los angeles  california 
 i wish i had a couple blunts to sit here amp have a serious conversation w adrian amp smoke 
 old drake smoke and vibe 
 ewwww chance you smoke squares 
 i am totally nancy botwin from season 3 of weeds right now.
 vodka  weed and some good company 
 looking for the ump he im about to smoke him
 sex weed 
 someone in brooklyn by kings hwy come smoke up lollll
 low key excited to smoke tmr cause smoke free about two days in a row for finals
 can someone bring me whataburger or jack in the box and ill smoke u out  lol
 liquor stores close st 2 and i can smoke blunts on the beachwhy would i come back
 someone should come smoke me out.
 piday pieday pie @ sugarfire smoke house 
 i smoke alot of gas drank alot of syrup
 i smoke alot of gas drank alot of syrup
 working on this mathematical possibility  numbers are legit. jordan would get smoked  jokes @jkolattukudy 
 @politicsnewz @gummbyman32 must see all of his finances  a partial reveal is a smokescreen typical trumpism
 honestly someone rolled that up in front of me i might not smoke it thats some skill  
 @bernieandsid @77wabcradio @oreillyfactor theres the head of sessions marijuana police
 this is smoke and mirrors 
 then how can you be ok with someone betting on your own child and smoking and selling weed in your own house.
 today im sleeping all day smoking weed an watching endless hours of youtube
 @davidwrightcnn @devinnunes theres been alot of discussion over the lies surrounding these wiretaps.  just smoke from don the con.
 but im doing good at weeding out all my worthless friendsociates
 im at midwood smokehouse in charlotte  nc 
 someone come smoke w me
 @foaschatz @learnedcitizen @bethreinhard stop with the lies. we now know marijuana is medicine  when used correctly.
 someone take me to buy smokes 
 im in yak someone come get coffee with me and smoke somnn
 someone come smoke with me.
 ill smoke someone out if they take me to work at 430
 dont let uncle sam fool ya  hemp is one of the future waves of innovations. sustainable. biodegradable. durable. clean. genius. 3152017
 someone come smoke a blunt with me ill make you salad and ravioli
 @onthealth 45f  32yr smoker pack n half daily stopped 8 months ago thanks to vaping amazing experience hubby  joined me  smoke free life
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 if youre a race fan  please take the time to read this article on smokey yunick @basso488 @dalejr 
 something about weed and rolling up at tops
 @gabrielnoah @dhendrix666 @branstarr screw weed here yall go  this is the good shit  thats enough for 3 of yall
 can someone deliver me weed
 i think ill go out for a drive and smoke a square in a bit
 someone bring me weed and ill teach you the samus matchup
 is that flames or the sun reflecting from the smoke 
 someone deliver weed and food to mi casa
 @rapspotlights 50 yr old snoop clown showing his weed bravery
 someone come smoke w me
 totally agree @bannerite pat fuller.  always smoke and mirrors.  wants focus off russiagate and trumpcare soon ev 
 you know what  i could totally smoke a couple bowls and just stare at motile bacteria under a scope for hours
 i never smoked crack before but im 100 sure its more dangerous than social media 
 @snoopdogg word to everything  ill out smoke you
 can you recommend anyone for this job reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 yesterday i won 10 bucks on a scratch off. today i bought 2 bags of cookies  a bottle of water and a pack of smokes.. talk about a come up.
 @mikeriggs sessions will make an issue out of cannabis that will be timed to distract from whatever illegal action that gop is involved in
 @washingtonpost cupcake dependency is more real than marijuana dependency.
 and i didnt bring any weed.....so theres that
 if you smoke it they will come @ rudys country store and barbq 
 nowplaying humpday hits  visit @ smokes by ritchie rich you like 80s big hair bands what about eating poutine   
 some weed a couple nights at yo patna house  and a 4 for 4 if you lucky 
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 shut the fuck up  i dont want your conversation  rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 someone bring candles and thumbtacks and ill smoke a blurb
 @ericswalwell country over party.  thx for cnn interview.  obamawiretap smokescreen does not hide russian trail up trumps tail. putipu.
 someone smoke with me 
 its springbreaak  tonight  womancrushwednesday  your 1 midweek spot to  smoke hookah  vibe 
 @joyannreid @maddow  it must be difficult  to weed though  the distractions.  russia  1 concern. any news about sessions poss perjury
 box 3747 e55 will be the rit. e48l28 on scene of a 1.5 stry wdfrm sfd  light smoke showing
 i hope kat doesnt smoke us.
 can someone deliver me pickles  cheese  fresh hummus and some smokey pitas @ubereats @foodorahq @doordash
 didnt see any smoke so i went back to my room to finish grubbin @ 
 low weed prices 
 @joecalexit @theilluminartie and seel its weed to the world  as well as social media and other internet ventures 
 @stretch405 in police parlance  its unsmoked marijuana.
 the most turnt im getting on this family vacation is secondhand marijuana smoke from our neighbors
 on top of that my reefer died so i have a @carrier tech working on that too while i wait for @rydersysteminc 
 truth is  marijuanacbd oil is a medical miracle that can reverse inflammation amp cure many autoimmune diseases  so 
 840 and i already smoked all my weed lol
 sex lube made of marijuana might increase orgasm  via @nypost
 @jonathanchait id suggest if youre curtailling freespeech to freespeech zones then youre intimidating dissent.  but hey cannabis 12
 ummm.. ill just smoke about it
 its always a smoke cloud in my kitchen 
 someone w experience in the cannabis industry reached out to greenapplenm for a position.. add hr to my resume. 
 if your only aspiration is to smoke all day grow up
 @triangleliar weed is ok 
 someone come smoke a blunt
 im gunna have to go out on a limb and say i cant smoke a social media website 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 @sarahksilverman as a u.s. attorney in alabama in the 1980s  sessions said he thought the kkk were ok until i found out they smoked pot.
 excuse me this looks like a smoke and mirrors leader 
 that was the best season finale ive ever seen...holy smokes whens season 2 start star @star
 bitch im otw aint smoked no weed someone bring me a zip to da show
 @williamlegate more smoke and mirrors
 native new yorker here. watched the smoke billow up from downtown. totes cool w hawaii stepping up to the plate. 
 @stockmonsterusa @realdonaldtrump wheres the proof.  like trump tweeting without evidence is just smoke and mirrors
 dropped tay off amp as she was leaving she grabbed a handful of weed amp dumped it in my center console so i could smoke while she was gone
 tag someone who would smoke this 
 just trynna get home  smoke and watch a movie
 @jersicahurdle is this code for the marijuana or the alcohol
 this is a flash that he totally does weed 
 this is a flag that he totally does weed 
 ugh can someone just give me a reliable weed connect
 sometimes im rly sad but then i remember weed exists
 love that i just found someone wholl deliver the weed to my front door
 say some dumb get smoked like hash  shoot you in the mouth now yo jaw broke like glass
 someone take me to my moms please ill smoke you up
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 at the gates of customs. leaving mexico. an the plug got the mota in   yes. this is mexican weed  lol. no bue 
 if i moved to mexico an grew weed lord knows. id become the king pin an never loon back. bentley got da sauce.
 i just want someone to smoke with
 the people above me think its cool to stomp around at 1 in the morning. well i think itd be cool to smoke bomb their room so brb.
 @billpascrell.so much smoke that we r beginning 2 choke on  fires r started each day on purpose by donald 2detour us.
 when he looking for a weeding ring for gena 
 sheon want no smoke
 an inspiring group of true leaders in the energy and cannabis sectors @riinstitute 
 when i get rich  im hiring someone to roll my weed for me
 the governor. i voted for christie but wouldnt do it again. his views on marijuana are radical  uninformed  ignora 
 how are you already looking smoked and drugged out in your freshman year
 @anistonsux through a cloud of smoke i blow u a kiss and disappear into the clouds 4ever
 holy smokes im just looking at what i have accomplished this week and i seriously dont 
 i wish i had my car already so that i can drive all the way over to where my girlfriend lives  smoke and come back home all in one night
 government cannabis for research purposes  comes from freaking mississippi. no surprise its an inferior product. 
 friends at sxsw please bring us back some artisanal 3dprinted weed. and bbq. thx.
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 i leave for vacation on tuesday and my house is a mess  someone come over and lets smoke and clean 
 wail  you gate howl  you city melt away  all you philistines a cloud of smoke comes from the north   . . . 
 he did smoke weed...but thats not the point 
 1 you.. posted this.. on... social media 2 how you light the same end you bout to smoke out of 
 were hiring click to apply reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive job jobs
 someone come smoke
 again all illegal drugs. i was looking a stock prices their very low right now. do you think its safe to invest in pharmaceutical weed
 we were going to hawaii but instead were gonna stay at mobile village  get my kids happy meals amp smoke meth.  in protest.  boycotthawaii
 in @watersourcemag to add water  subtract weeds 
 dont smoke no bobby but my denim be from ricky
 people getting up going to school amp work i havent been to sleep just got back home finna smoke weed and watch mobster movies
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 happy thursday weed family im sending out my positive energy to u.  timelapse spot. 
 @trashmonstah its just enraging cause if i didnt smoke at all i could be working a 16 per hour job right now 
 when i put up my wall of rellos whoever kome smoke with me have to sign the rello packet we smoked 
 @jilevin dude was a known nazi. in the 80s lapd used to celebrate 420 not do to weed but for hittler. they all went 
 way up in the smokeys  
 if virgina is for lovers  vegas is smokers. yuck
 @adamnicholasw get me elected president and ill totally hook you up  brother. no marijuana taxes  expanded bike lanes  free back surgeries.
 pay day. smoke all day.  
 i wanna see someone who got 20 years for a bag of weed but the guy deserved more years than 3 
 @griebin holy smokes someone just lost their job
 in the fog we are weeding this beautiful garden lpo  scentgarden @ libby 
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation  
 @xcreations89 its all smoke and mirrors smh
 attn nyc if anyone knows anyone that sells mids cheap weed please hmu
 @mookiealexander @zpgifs thats some shitty looking weed  man
 stoners without the weed are characterless people. its the truth. without it you fuckers are kinda shitty ..
 good morning from weed court.   inglewood prop64 marijuana law 
 my school is the only school i know where i can leave class to smoke my ciggy 
 @oreillyfactor old snoop is over 50 still acting like he is a rap star. its kind of pitiful. weed smoking nocount do nothing.
 i got tickets to see @hansonmusic holy smokes
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 if a bitch wasting my weed like this she aint smoking w me no more idc 
 the only time ill wear my dmp 11s is my weeding day
 if you dont know how to smoke properly you gotta go  cant have you wasting weed 
 anybody out there looking for a party  shake your moneymaker baby smoke it if you got it ...takin it back to 225 bonjovi vegas famnite
 joint senate intel committee leaders the president blows smoke  he lied about obama wiretapping. 
 nah baby them bags brown...thats that bobby boucher weed  
 rewarding day for both me and my baby so to celebrate we eat chinese and smoke weed 
 someone come smokea da bong with me and watch apocalypse now on my day off.
 i could watch weed social experimental videos all day lol
 its on the way to my next stop so why not @ wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 someone smoke me out
 idc what kinda weed you have stop sending me videos on snap chat.
 this nigga sage be having some space weed dawg..
 when the high end smoker decides to be high bs  good ole rusty comes in to nail the smoked pecans  
 got off work early today can someone smoke me out just a little please
 tf is that mulch looking weed 
 idc who weed it is if i tucked that im sparkin it 
 just need someone to vibe with..  ya know hang out  cuddle  smoke some good dope  nothing but good vibes 
 @sarahkliff congrats youre a great journalism and you deserve a weedsfree honeymoon.
 stop spending all ur money on weed stop telling me to smoke u out lmaooo
 my moms perception on weed is honestly hilarious
 cool people dont smoke anymore. but super cool people totally still do. elite nomiddleground  sxsw @truthorange
 sorta cool people dont smoke anymore. but super cool people totally still do. elite nomiddleground  sxsw @truthorange
 holy smokes transport completely destroyed just outside stthomas hwy401 rest of trailer caved in and frame of rig 
 bracket is already smoked
 keep calm and smoke shisha at 318ncharlesstreet downtown baltimore charmcity goodvibes 
 just want to start my new job already and be able to talk about ganja all day everydayyy 
 @xoxohayleee smoke me down and i gotchu 
 thats how good this weed is..
 god theres someone smoking some really good weed in this venue my eyes rolled back amp my mouth watered
 chris is that a weed  
 only  in my world thats weed 
 karaoke tonight dont miss it. come hangout and smoke on your favorite hookah
 i kept my weed in my rubber band bag for my braces and now the rubber bands make my mouth taste like dank
 can someone in phoenix smoke me out lol
 lies are like weeds
 @kennedynation why is it not ok to ingest cig smoke but ok to ingest mj smoke
 swear you almost gotta pay someone to smoke w you 
 @peoplesdefense @naral just a smoke screen follow the russian connection impeach trump and cabinets. power to the media power 2 the people
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 slowly weeding out everything amp body that has no relation to my level up.
 scandal has me stressed like yo how you make someone smoke the love of their lives for naught
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation 
 just watched a man wearing a whos your daddy tshirt spill weed on his infant floridiaisthehellmouth
 someone bring me a blunt  lets smoke
 la has everything i need weed  cool weather  good food  graffiti  dogs  and so many interesting people adultgoals californiadreaming
 i want to have a youtube channel where i put two people that have never met to smoke together and see where it goes 
 herb smoke squares
 can the chain smokers just remix ed sheeran already so we can get the apocalypse over with
 someone come smoke a blunt with mee
 well take our scientists  exepaers  entrepreneurs  avocados  wine  tech and weed...and see yall later. 
 hey everyone please come amp see our show the drowsy chaperone friday amp saturday 730 at weedsport high school text me for tickets
 someone come smoke me out
 to unpack the tobacco so the square hit right.... but ion smoke squares 
 you cant smoke this grass. but boy is it good for you kevajuice 
 but the signs it is going into is good for killing weeds so ill be using my little tiller to get the garden cleaned up for next week
 can somebody bring me a blunt ill smoke you up
 @realjim maybe if someone told him pot smoke was poisonous to blacks  muslims and hispanics  he would be telling everyone to light up.
 can someone please go out with me and smoke a my joints with me 
 not even on some sexual shit  someone should stay the night and bring me food  ill smoke us up.
 @marianoaavila @danielsing3r it took me a couple tries to get into it...amp then i smoked and tried again amp it was amazing.
 speculation and lies are the smoke amp mirrors of modern day politics. greed  not truth  drives congress. a love of  amp power  not 1 another.
 buy this if he sells it he offered to pay for my social media advertisment in half smoked pall malls hes puffing e 
 today someone told me they knew of someone allergic to weed and jalapeos  i am still haunted.
 im boycotting hawaii going going there for a vacation in june. so put that in your pipe and smoke it boycotthawaii
 @kennedynation  a great discussion on medical marijuana  so agree with your viewpoint. very on point with reality 
 someone smoke with me
 always lookin for someone to smoke with 
 kapuso abroad legally blind.      edward father not agreed for weeding janine already crying lbmarrymegrace 
 you can say blunts distort the taste of the weed all you want but i personally prefer blunts and dabs over everything else
 the view from the top of hill looking at the smoke over raleigh 
 you know how experts say  marijuana is a gate way drug well i think alcohol is the gate way drunk. thats my view...
 you know how experts say  marijuana is a gate way drug well i think alcohol is the gate way drunk. thats my view...
 what am i supposed to watch when im finished watching weeds  which will be tonight
 its almost 2am and im googling what does the bible say about marijuana
 went on a rant about life amp the unknownampmy theories to my cousinamphe asked me if i smoked a blunt b4 i came over  i dont smoke anymore btw
 someone come smoke me out
 bring a dutch and we can smoke 
 lies your weed man tells you
 @jeffsessions marijuana doesnt reduce heroin it will reduce opiates usecrack down on american marijuana mexico will start importing again
 i wish i had some marijuana too jackie lol bbcan5
 thats all marijuana does to you  ok 
 still heavy smoke and flames showing on hirschbeck.  @news4buffalo 
 step inside the smokefilled witchcraft market of mexico city  via @broadly
 bring that smoke my way i swear ill kill you boy.
 early morning vibes wit good weed. 
 lets smoke and quote jim carrey movies and probably some in loving color skits
 @russellanjax actually any story that has the word weed  gun or sex is going to be good and will capture attention.
 yo i just had a amazing dream involving a great friend   smoke bombs  jackie chan and advanced tech.  @benbrunorose
 the dude wrapped in a blanket pushing a ratty old bike through the park claiming he has good weed is either telling truth...or not.
 a versatile plant what were the many uses of cannabis in ancient egypt  via @ancientorigins
 @whoissizzie for wasting the weed. 
 dearmrpresident iamscared that your new budget will weed out what you perceive as the weak and destroy american values in the process
 @damonbenning go see your boys @jgm. their smoked corned beef was fabulous yesterday.
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 uttered on wednesday to describe his view on the effectiveness of cannabis marijuana for medicinal purposes.and theyre the words that
 if you bring me a gar ill smoke you out
 now known as carlys law. when signed by gov. robert bentley three years ago  it decriminalized the use of cannabis oil for anyone who
 @trishyymariee no but it takes bout 15 blunts to smoke me out ill just bring more weed
 chandler offered to change that  personally.sessions words werent surprising  alas. marijuana remains illegal under
 wasnt for lenis law  he said. theres no doubt in my mind. thats what i was considering.sessions  sadly  appears to lump all marijuana
 holy smokes. my friends are 1110. @ downtown brooklyn 
 correction all me amp my bf do is eat  watch movies and smoke 
 i listen to justin bieber when i smoke and i have no idea why 
 someone got stabbed down the street. as my act of investigating  i smoked outside and zoomed in from my camera. channel 5s out there
   if you smoke weed. watch this now
 someone come smoke
 @1movie who want smoke twin 
 @huffingtonpost and sean hannity is all up in trumps ass  this is worse than weed amp blow. hannity is a jerk
 zoei  hey can u take me to take my drug test then we can smoke after    ok
 thats some bunk weed. probably gave it away on purpose. 
 somebody bring me some weed
 @mfrost11 @boingboing @xeni i always thought the term for joint started there. do smoke a doobie  dont be a dummy.
 pibe fumando en el campus   seguridad you cant smoke here  this is a tabaco free campus pibe its not tabaco  its weed  me hizo feliz
 @viceland pays action bronson to travel the world  eat food  and smoke up the people they meet.... ok
 can someone like be my boyfriend now so i can take him on vacation w me amp we can take cute pics and smoke lots of weed
 fuck im weak when its come to weed
 be careful though. dts confidence is built on smoke and mirrors...in his head. 
 our am weeds are cool  @acesmusic1 @cedcsd 
 someone smoke w me   i stay bored
 im at wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 really hoping my good karma will come in the form of a free pound i can smoke all to myself
 knowing you have a 100 credit with you weed man is awesome
 stfu i dont want your conversation.. rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 like idc lets all throw up and do the weeds
 were hiring click to apply reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive munster  in
 who sells weed in downtown houston tx please this is no joke
 nc weedmen love going out of town and not telling nobody.
 just smoked some hash
 ok first reading the caption it sounds like they gave the flamingo weed. but they threw stones at it and killed it. 
 im at wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 low key put a huge snake glob in a joint and cyphed it with my coworker who hasnt smoked in a week... hes wrecked
 huntington beach city council is allowing pot shops to open all around our city allowing sales of marijuana amp hash where the hell is the fbi
 idc what day it is ill always rather smoke than drink
 and thats why i smoke weed
 ....all the things i needed to buy today and i only remembered weed
 dcl is going green....for st pattys day....troys smoke of the day...the edge by rocky 
 @waynefougere there is actually but its not the cannabis thats the issue. if you can smell cannabis on the street then someone is smoking.
 attention  lol smoke session a movie at poochie house   dm or text me if you wanna come
 dcl is going green....for st pattys day....troys pick of the day...the edge by rocky patel....come smoke one 
 i never have to pay for weed  
 if you dont bring any weed to the session you betta bring gars. 
 holy smokes  @dannygokey is on  for christ theverynextthingtour blessed @ cfe arena 
 someone come smokeeeeee
 i just want someone to come smoke with me 
 stfu i dont want yo conversation rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation  frankie ocean
 plant your hope with good seeds dont cover yourself with thistle and weeds @mumfordandsons
 kinda just want to smoke and watch boondocks for the rest of the night
 someone come smoke w me 
 someone please come smoke with me.
 watch movies amp smoke 
 i came home and the first thing i did was roll a joint. i didnt even smoke it. i just wanted to roll one. email me for business inquires
 man viceland some of the best networks out at the moment  i put my pops hip to fk thats delicious  the munchies channel amp weediquette 
 mayne fuck goin out rn i just want to smoke someone comeover
 bout to smoke with .y amazing man takenotes mine his monogamy @70screwxxx @ las vegas  nevada 
 if someone random offers you weed  say no wise words from at
 update  vodka is an okay solution to no weed
 vendor space is limited for the cleveland global marijuana march  inquire here info@clevelandnorml.org 
 can someone sell me weed please im going to die
 this is pierre when we smoke or drink syrup  
 someone come smoke me out 
 rolling weed on my bitch ass while running back power
 @martina powell smokes the same stuff as pinocchios voters inhale in the lies cloud he created. they both get their joints from fox noise
 chris  can you always bring those when we smoke
 @officiallivepd @aetv open container  weed amp a baby on your lap thats disgusting deputylawrencerocks
 someone bring some sticks over. ill smoke you out hella
 someone come see me w a lighter we can smoke this gas 
 someone should bring me weed
 8 year old sis were gonna watch marijuana and have snow cones me what movie her the one about the island princess whos on a boat
 someone smoke with me
 someone smoke with me
 smoke weed and watch weeds. this is the life i chose.    purchase your beats 
 @trimet your security guards 3 of them have sat in gateway break room reading and texting only came out to smoke @larslarsonshow
 im just tryna pick someone up to come smoke this purple punch w me is that so much to ask for
 someone come smoke the fuck out with me and vibe with me to some good music 
 who can deliver weed to me 
 people who come out and bring you a water before everyones about to smoke are appreciated on another level
 @mk6miikee the weed
 homies that steal my weed...cool
 it must be so cool for my lovers that they never have to buy me weed or sex toys. i always have plenty of both and its all cool new stuff.
 we show what we want others to see through smoke and mirror from a safe distance and if desired enough  nick a good profit for the view.
 retweet @realdonaldtrump view  support of medicalrecreational marijuana marijuanavoters   via @youtube
 hempfield  carlisle boys part of tripleheader at geigle today. hempfieldarch. ryan at 1  becahilower moreland girls  carlisle vs emmaus.
 lil nigga wanted smoke so we went the trunk nawfr
 they were actually going on strike  it wasnt a smokescreen amp mirrors the worker victory at sims.sun9pmbc buzzam970 @nycunion @teamsters
 someone smoke w me
 being gay is against the bible says the person drinking illegally  smoking illegal weed daily  lying  and having sex before marriage
 i was given a mixtape yesterday band name 21 weed st.....lead song dirty coochie. i just cant 
 @rickyrozay sending smoke @ birdman
 @thejusticedept us patent 6630507 cbd oil from cannabis not hallucinogenic helps kids w seizures esp seizures caused by vaccines agsessions
 yoo she smoked herr 
 110 marijuana users become dependent on the drug.... anotherthingilearnedtoday
 process weeds out the weak
 im drawing and smoking weed today thats it
 .@brenhaas hi bren. think weve already met. o id like to learn how to rid flower amp veg gardens of weeds with underground root systems
 srsly  lakeelsinore  its not flowers  they are weeds. stop clogging up traffic to take pics in weeds  redonkulous
 the great lie  we have been told that cannabis is bad is just that a lie allnatural 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 someone asked me if i  do  weed . 
 end of 1st archbishop ryan 15  hempfield 9. ryans izaiah brockington with 5 points and 3 steals.
 @housegop it uses smokenmirrors to pretend preexist conditions dont go away. they will be  riders no one can afford. no to trumpcare
 holy smoke show. @ lyfe kitchen 
 dawg someone smoke with me. location been on
 i want more sex and weed. 
 someone want to help me move ill smoke you out
 all i do is want to lay here smoke amp watch netflix.
 ok. need weed
 @repjoekennedy trumpcare uses smokenmirrors. preexist cond will have to buy as rider  too  for most. say still avail  but cant afford
 accidentally on purpose baked my salmon in cannabis oil and it just hit me 
 what do you watch on a saturday morning  me i watch the medical marijuana documentary with my mom lol
 someone told me i look like justin bieber if he smoked crack i nutted my britches
 ryans izaiah brockington totaled 15 of his 20 points vs. hempfield in the second half. he added 3 assists  3 steal 
 jass cant smoke so im kushing by my lonely
 my snapchat is a whole viral smoke session
 christopher asselin and victor antonio  holy smokes   
 inmysuitcasetomars a few blunts but how can you smoke weed in space somebody tell me how that works ill already be high anyways...
 im just saying.its amazing what weed does. woke up with the worst stomach ache  did a lil puff puff amppoof that shit was gone.try it yall
 five years ago ah couple of females were telling me they love me and i wasnt familiar with love thats until i met marijuana then i knew
 five years ago ah couple of females were telling me they love me and i wasnt familiar with love thats until i met marijuana then i knew
 five years ago ah couple of females were telling me they love me and i wasnt familiar with love thats until i met marijuana then i knew
 when i cop the wraith...whoever the woman is that captures my soul  we will be looking at on the top and smoke a blunt listening to dom k
 got my edward scissors hands on.  front  back  edge  weedwhack  cleanup... 2312.  i will 
 someone bring me to pick up weed so i dont have to walk ty
  please watch this video about alzheimers amp marijuana bring awareness @jointventurestv
 do you smoke a cigarette after sex
 when i tell yall joshua zoomed out this bitch... it was smoke coming from his feet
 st patricks karaoke party tonight at 9 at les amp doreens happy tap  1301 e susquehanna  fishtown. smokefree 
 someone smoke me out i got rillos
 tonight well just get some weed  some booze  some movies  maybe porn  and well just get fucked up
 free smoke is ok
 free smoke eh ye already know yea
 free smoke was already enough...
 someone be a homie come over and smoke with me
 free smoke was already better than all 20 songs on views
 sos someone bring me blunt wraps amp ill smoke you out evn tho its my birthday
 @repdianeblack you must have been reading the aca and not the ahca...or smoking weed. no way does trumpcare improve my coverage. i know.
 somebody bring me weed
 toasting @brinedncureds new @brinehausmeat @dramdraught ...1 of 5 foodtrucks in country with a smoker builtin 
 the weeds were taller than jackie teamrelentless bethechange @ 
 @2020fight @kevinmkruse her being present is all for show. more smoke amp mirrors for world leaders. heaven help us...
 im at wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 xavier handing out free smoke and thats word to drake 
 i listened to free smoke back and he got yall ass
 snares too weak free smoke
 if you post weed or blunts over all over your snapchat non stop im unfollowing you tbh 
 rolling a j as we speak to come smoke with you 
 blessed for another beauty day harvest season coming april 20  2017  come smoke with me  
 im at wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 @ohthatslukayy lmao like goddamn.. smoke the blunt amp look at the damn movie
 i love walking around in this state because clouds of smokesmack you in the face and its wonderful
 but not only that he references jayz verse from light it up in free smoke .  like i love it 
 im at wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 all up in smokesee yall tonight @clubdv8la with a hookah and bottleservice our 
 @ifatymah @zaynmalik you too worried about his hair but didnt see hes smoking weed.
 .holy smoke joseph @pennstatewrest legacy
 thx for visiting dave  idk y i look so gay it happens  i also swallowed some weed so thats gr8 
 food amp weed 
 i just want to smoke a blunt and watch movies 
 @oculusmundi hashtag as in someone smokes hash and tags another who follows suit and if so why didnt anyone ask me to play 
 shhhhh... we hea @djtechneek heretonight saturday jammin smoke the restaurant downtown 
 someone pick morgan and i up and lets smoke and go to the races
 lord please grant me the stamina of social smokers amen
 why lie  i need weed money  that sign made my day
 i smoke gas  thats that hercules  strong marijuana
 can smoke too. especially if we arent working a shift together amp you went amp snitched on me amp a coworker then tried to come back amp say you
 someone slide lets smoke
 i stepped outside and was overwhelmed with the smell of weed im high now
 i admire and respect my blunts for i smoke umm
 im not smoking again until i smoke  my word 
 when someone accidentally blows a giant weed cloud downwind to you  you might be in a recreational state. ops sorry  inocent passerby.
 if you come over and im rolling up  you getting smoked out buddy
 cheech marins love of weed led to a friendship that almost went up in smoke  via @nypost cheech cheechandchong
 rptd house fire 1324 chenille cir @browardsheriff firerescue @cityofweston smoke showing from garage  fast attack tac2 breakingnews
 someone come over n smoke me out
 amarillo texas where movie theaters serve pickles and pedicure techs give you weed.
 this boy blocked me for telling him no when he asked me to come smoke with him  after i told him i didnt smoke    im trying to understand
 someone come over so we can smoke and listen to more life
 can someone anyone @ someone link me please ..i just want to smoke
 no lie times like this i wish i smoked weed to zone out
 the only true way to smoke a blunt 
 someone smoke and cruise w me im mobile i cant sleep
 on top of old smokey 
 @farmacyvictoria im a epileptic in need a medical marijuana so i was very touched that u were kind enough to follow me
 hell yea bitch got me this muthafucking 5 @dasharez0ne looking ass shirt bout to go look up tiddie  and smoke some 
 but i aint old so im finna get my weak ass back up out this bed and smoke lol fawk you meannn
 i just want to lay up smoke up have my hair played with by the baddest
 this shit had me rolling this am  yall know my ass imma climb to space to smoke myself into space some more 
 when someone who smokes  drinks  curses  and has sex b4 marriage  says that being gay is a sin... lol ok
 when someone who smokes  drinks  curses  and has sex b4 marriage  says that being gay is a sin... lol ok
 like growing weed and orgasms 
 can barely see the smoke cloud behind our neighbors massive tree but man can you smell the smoke 
 1st pitfall to success having seed aspirations amp weed tendencies. seeds arent designed to be transplanted spanspeaks
 someone should smoke me up. nawfr
 enjoyin this bomb ass gyro befor my show. and sharing weed. 
 @billywaynedavis im weeding out the people who do that get me.
 ok so free smoke is a heater
  should they play at my weeding
 @ryanmaue @sciencemarch science used as smokescreen to promote ideological agenda. where have i heard this before
 @geriellen yes  we could see it earlier. winds have shifted again so we are seeing some smoke now. hoping its out soon
 someone hang with me and smoke all day
 rolling all my weed till its goneeeee
 i wanna start networking with people who own real marijuana dispenseries
 hey @tylerdennen lets smoke up @ the show on tuesday
 all the good smoke spots get ruined so fast because word gets out amp next thing u know theres a fence amp a no trespassing sign .
 how bout this for a pulled pork sandwich from the lupton smoke pit  adds new meaning to finger licking good. 
 great add for papers from rolling weed in early high times 
 heard you got a cheaper price for that reefer ahuh
 plant your hope with good seeds  dont cover yourself with thistle and weeds
 35 ...that lack of a fire doesnt mean the trump team can lie about smoke. morells statements were directed at the ic. thats not...
 i love the beginning of free smoke
 watching an old movie where everyone smokes and one character says  i dont feel well. you should see a doctor. why on earth for
 niggas be fed asl tryna sell weed on social media smh
 so this fine ass girl from work be fwm . so we sitting outside and she come sit in a seat with me snd ask do i smoke square bitch bue
 holy smokes the vampire diaries season 8 is on netflix 
 loring stainless steel roaster from sonoma  ca uses heated air for smokeless precise roasting 
 whoever wrote free smoke got some nice word play
 met the coolest old couple today and they smoked me tf out 
 @trueblue74 smoke somethin
 can you recommend anyone for this job reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 how to tell youre getting closer to stephenville  getting black smoked at a stop sign in the middle of nowhere...
 i wish i had someone to smoke w
 holy smokes. joyner holmes draws huge charge  gets monster offensive rebound late as texas women beat n.c. state 
 dude @starbucks 18thamppearl just made my day thx man  its the little things its such a beautiful day  smokesesh time cannabis amp coffee
 if your lizard smokes enough weed  it becomes a maiguana.  420 hash iguana mariguana
 free smoke this season 
 tryna find me a boy that i can have intellectual conversations while being smoked out
 who trying to smoke w. me on facetime
 jst smh  thats all i can do. so many of us saw the smoke amp mirrors for wht it ws  yet allged mature voters cldn 
 @viceland went hiking and smoked pot
 im pretty open when ppl chose  to smoke weed. someone very close with me uses it for painanxiety relief. so here i am waiting many walksgt
 @dsladdictsean not surprising. she smoked him hu
 600yr on hair cuts  1 200yr on weed and oil  5323bills  14 00 to myself that i never saved up lol
 add me on snapchat smokeyab
 someone smoke me outtttt
 a rubber glove is an amazing way to carry weed
 hey  anybody know what alcohol abuse rate is amongst american fatco navy fucksnot inclusive of synthetic marijuana 
 someone in wa smoke with me 
 you and marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 i need a boo to go on cute dates with to the rodeo  to the mall  movies  adventures   smoke sum amp be layed up with 
 someone come over and smoke with me. or paint with me. or draw with me. or eat with me lol. or watch movies with me. im bored
 ill be cool with this if weed isnt a factor. 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation my everyday shit  every night shit 
 someone smoke with me when im off at 1130
 turnpike well all i smell is cheap perfume..  me and gin  and smoke  and lies.. 
 cheap smoke to reward the cheap labor. paintmas celebration continues tomorrow with more coats 
 bring me a ounce just to smoke 
 we too old to be geebing come on yall thats what u do when u only got 10 to smoke
 kennedy meeks. free smoke.
 the smoke at march to match totally matched my hair. like no shade but that march was all about me. just me.
 looking back in 20 years  were gonna look at restrictive marijuana laws the same way we do with prohibition
 someone pmu lets smoke a blunt
 in 20 years  were gonna look back at restrictive marijuana laws the same way we do with prohibition
 in 20 years  were gonna look back at restrictive marijuana laws the same way we do with prohibition
 i watched alex english vs nebraska is the old coliseum. smoke filled and all n
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 someone come pick me up  lets smoke.
 we smoke so much the aches start to burn on me
 someone come thru and cut my hair. ill smoke you out
 so thats what i did today  smoke weed and did my hair   dymond retarted af 
 dumb hoe wasting that weed  
 im bout to put marijuana down for a while .. new beginnings lol
 looking for some weed and sex
 yall watch this show called  weeds on netflix 
 who wants to smoke and do a bible study on ecclesiastes
 you cant fool the real fans of music they can see through the smoke and mirrors.  easki @ 
 and more sacks on your head top   so watch how u speak on my name   ya know...free smoke
 wish someone was up to smoke w me
 @greeneyesvamp it was like a dream. i swam through the adrenaline and the smoke of the club  his words in my ear  his hand seizing mine. igt
 what did you do today i flew on a prop plane. i almost expected them to tell us we could smoke 
 lol update the guy next to me just pulled out his weed and is currently rolling a joint.
 former mountie teaching safe workplace marijuana use. thats after 8 on saskatoon morning.  @cbcsaskatoon
 can you recommend anyone for this job reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   automotive munster  in
 if she smokes trees... drinks yak... has at least a 700 credit score... shiddd thats my tyle
 @dongeronimoshow the other good one was the dude that met the chick that night and had weed amp open containers amp got pulled over.
 where theres smoke  theres vodka. trumprussia russiahearings 
 im not the cool cousin or cool aunt like you can smoke with me but until youre 21 its no drinking with me. idc
 i can see the mirrors in the room where u smoked me up
 i can see the mirrors in the room where you smoked me up
 strong wmass representation on the marijuana committee. hearing public testimony on possible changes to the pot law 
 the orangutans wiretaps and leaks smokescream failed what will be the new lie @altstatedpt @roguepotusstaff 
 @tgowdysc everybody sees through your smoke and mirrors routine.   your a fool
 someone 1010 has weed in this lecture rn
 im at wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 morning meditation smoke on the water this morning. peaceful time to reflect. lifeisgood 
 social media network duby integrates ganja gamification  
 promarijuana church active in alabama members tout god and cannabis  
 @foxnews gt  @housedemocrats used venue of testimony to create smoke amp mirrors for illegitimate resist movement.
 someone bring me banana smash rilos and i will smoke you out. 
 someone bring me wraps amp ill smoke you out
 someone please tell me who the angel is singing on free smoke 
 bring me some weed bitchesxn
 alabamas weed church @greggarrison w the latest installment in @aldotcoms marijuana series 
 i just had a smoke session in the back of a bentley
 all you missing is weed and some movies  
 here comes more smoke and mirrors re testimony against our @potus @realdonaldtrump in the form of confrontation  b 
 free smoke gt tuscan leather
 i love you baby ill smoke u out its ok 
 mathieu smoked weed  mixon punched a woman. totally similar scenarios 
 @egoldie80 just tuned in  watching season 2 of narcos right now  stranger things is amazing and weeds is a good older show 2 binge
 makes finsta to show how cool i am smoking weed
 did someone say weed 
 @repmikefoote please support sb 184  marijuana membership clubs  its time for a solution for social consumption in colorado
 @danthurlow please support sb184  marijuana membership clubs.  its time for a solution to social consumption in colorado   norml
 @benavidezhd32 please support sb184  marijuana membership clubs.  its time for a solution to social consumption in colorado   norml
 @kennedy4co please support sb184  marijuana membership clubs.  its time for a solution to social consumption in colorado   norml
 @pollylawrenceco please support sb184  marijuana membership clubs.  its time for a solution to social consumption in colorado   norml
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 bowen is so cool for showing everyone he smokes cigarettes on snapchat
 im so bored  someone hmu lets smoke
 roll of marijuana thats a vacation
 @joshgroban i prefer not to imagine the result if you smoked it ce serait hilarant
 all im going to do for the rest of the day is smoke  pack  and watch shameless 
 @treboroslive im a reporter looking at the hempfield video for the local paper can you email me at msantoni @  thx
 @jasmeingreer out of everything you can say you pick a tshirt itll be a competition for a free box of boneless wings or an ounce of weed
 free smoke gotta be one of the top 5 hardest beats all time. mobb deep shit on steroids @boi1da
 i wanted to smoke but i cant find the lighter  i guess thats a sign 
 think when i get my new phone and number gonna weed through my social media as well and cut it down.
 turns out  glenn just went out for a pack of smokes. plottwist 
 miss having someone to chismiar and smoke with 
 if someone could bring me a drink to work ill pay you 5 tomorrow. and ill smoke you out. or buy you ice cream. or both. idc im thirsty.
 people that headbang for snapchat are just as annoying as pot heads that blow smoke at the screen for snapchat.....fight me.
 can someone bring me some weed. ill send my location.
 someone should facetime me and smoke with me 
 bogo 50 off incredibles affogato bars packed with 100mg of concentrated cannabis oil leaving you feeling fully s 
 turns out one can make anything cool by playing power kanye behind it. i could make a video of weeding and youd be like  damn  son
 hi someone sell me weed in vegas thx
 soft soil is much easier to work with when weeding. worship bible lifestyle 
 when someone says they can out smoke me 
 homegirl @bibibourelly was sounding like my mom at her empire sxsw telling people not to smoke weed 
 i want to smoke a joint amp watch family feud
 someone pick me up and ill smoke you up
 @juliannehough is looking like a smoke show per usual girlcrush dwts
 @realdonaldtrump you are very good at smokee and mirrors  donnie
 lord knows why i decided to take a shower before weeding the yard  but here we are. 
 @realdonaldtrump you are very good at smoke and mirrors  donnie
 thats what friends with weed are for  smokinghottunes
 @irregularguys. i got smoked by xavier first when they took out maryland  thwn got drilled yesterday by the gamecocks. my top pick is out
 goddddd ganja white night and datsik and space jesus... fucking ruin meeeee 
 justhash hash maryjane weed smoke up 
 someone told me weeds is the female version of breaking bad... lets see  episode1
 @roguepotusstaff so you think the hearings are smoke and mirrors  be clear because you are beginning to sound too ambiguous for belief.
 @warriors smokethese fools @okcthunder letit flow havesomefun @stephencurry30 @money23green @klaythompson @javalemcgee34  @andre dubnation
 comey or gorsuch which one should we pay mind to both smoke and mirrors.   haikuaday
 somebody bring me some smoke
 @djdense damn dense  you already droppin free smoke
 dont let the smoke n mirrors fool u
 @cingraham @stockmonsterusa wrong  husband killed his wife cali  car accidents  drowning er fbackedup cause of marijuana pay att..
 i laugh at the fact that i can buy quality top shelf weed from the dispo for basically the same price or lower than what i used to pay for
 first 48 is a show i can watch all day with a bag of weed
 @dancontreras7 honestly yes lol. weall just stay in town  smoke one and have a couple drinks while listening to drake
 getting ready for turkey season so @badbradsbarbq can smoke it up for me. 
 someone smoke w me
 someone come over amp smoke
 fuck where can i buy some low grade weed here
 someone smoke w me ill teach you how to roll a nice joint
 everyone says mexico weed is weak af but every time i smoke in michoacn i get loaded as fuck
 @glutenfreedoc cbd cannabis
 omg i didnt smoke yesterday at all. didnt crave it  didnt want it. this is unusual 
 when i do smoke  i prefer to do it alone only because yall annoy me
 guess ill just smoke amp watch family guy til im back asleep
 got hooked up with some free weed today at work unexpectedly by a vendor grateful medicated
 she doesnt curse or smoke and has actual values and thats attractive. she loves mac and cheese and watches survivor with me amp im swooning
 firefighters credit working smoke alarms with alerting the family. daybreak8 
 @fabredhead i think its a smoke screen. pay attention to the shiny wiretap story while i set the social progress way back machine to 1955.
 @realdonaldtrump kliton and boomer were in knee deep with russia. no one uttered a word. its smoke and mirrors for the dems
 have bring my marijuana levels down
 i have to be in dana point at 830 to be evaluated before work..but why i deliver weed
 the snare on free smoke is so crispy
 happy worldpoetryday my mom wrote this when her lawn was rejected by the weed man 
 lies are like weeds  via @hustlesays
 i need cold pressed hemp seed oil
 @rylandbabylove let me properly introduce myself. smokeydead on mfc. found my home in your room a few nights ago.
 liascd continually planting seeds and pulling weeds @wearerufsd
 @evashadowgirl18 a gov regulation to protect the clients by weeding out undesirables from the volunteers  wed already been well screened
 schools that work are good at pulling weeds amp planting seeds @ericjensenbrain @liascd liascd
 caffeine is worse than marijuana  idc what you say.
 @jodieemery @justintrudeau wants to sell canadas airport assets w1hand  amp steal established private weed business w the other. cdnpoli
 ill be the type of weed man who changes my weed prices after a certain time  bitch 6am6pm10 7pm2am15 after that luxury tax 20 lmao
 @theview there is enough money in the cannabis industry to feed mcdonalds every day to meals on wheels receivers @theview @whoopigoldberg
 smoke weed amp let my hair grow out
 who wants to smoke my mornings already shit cmonnnn
 yall my hair still smells like smoke from sunday
 someone just asked me if you smoke xanax
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 @vnasty ctfu idc if you coming to smoke w me
 today a four year old asked me do you have weed in your hair she meant weave.
 its amazing how many people come up to rotary and smoke weed
 i have a tendency not to see through all the smoke and all the bs
 i have a tendency not to see through all the smoke and bs
 uh excuse me this a smoke free campus so you cant have that   ok yes but like consider this fuck off maybe
 @apmanion sex parties and trying to get weed and waiting for their friend to bring them special brownies. the homeschooler in me was 
 @sarasotas4me @chelseahandler bitch smoke a blunt
 my dream weeding dres 
 dont blow smoke up my butt compliments are cool but i need checks thanks to those who 
 we got you stop by amp check us out.  damn air freshener   legal sizzurp   cbd gummies  cbd hemp 
 someone come smoke w me 
 i think theres smoke clouds being blown into stilly right now okwx
 true  smoke to get lifted and medicated. 
 no aspirations just weed
 like  at our house...shes allowing me to smoke...very interesting...
 @bunnnyrabbbittt weed again when they deal with shitty calls  and they all curse out our clients when they hang up
 @rickyrozay what they burning in your yard i see the smoke
 nothing like some smoke in the air to get the adrenaline goin 
 someone in pheonix share ur weed with me lol
 im at wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 my professors way of saying that someone is smoking weed well someone is chilling 
 i want someone to smoke with
 crunch has some straight smoke shows here
 @jolla @globeron geez you smoked me  congrats
 lies  its some hits  free smoke  passion fruit  glow  portland  sacrifices  teenage fever  ice melts amp do not di 
 it was all smoke and mirrors
 alina baraz smoke and vibe with meanyone
 enjoying this gigantic smoked turkey leg at the houston livestock show and rodeo. zz top playing the rodeo later to 
 watching weediquette w my mom
 anyone want to deliver me some weed
 someone smoke this cute lil joint with me
 i love roundup  easiest weedeating i do 
 someone come smoke w me
 how many blunts you smoked to be for you to stare at your fist and see africa  
 so someone called me and said they legalized marijuana in illinois incase i wanted a prescription  lol
 yoooo so i finally gave in and started watching weeds l  this show crazy asf. im already on season 4
 so we went shopping today and i stocked up on ice shisha that they dont sell in whitewater.  im soo geeked to smoke it when i get back
 @mexlex9 @rackemadams weeding
 people of chattanooga that know me pleaseeee come smoke with me or bring me weed i will payyyyyy
 i told mara to comeover just so i didnt have to smoke this blunt alone
 all the cool characters in movies just consistently smoke cigarettes.
 someone sell me not shitty weed
 i wish i had someone to smoke with after i get out of work this late yalllame
 someone come scoop me and lets smoke
 wish i had someone to smoke with this late yalllame
 @stephenathome does anyone here dabble in the marijuana
 crafting the smoked sage margarita by santa fe barman chris milligan of @secretolounge in newmexico 
 crafting the smoked sage margarita by santa fe barman chris milligan of @secretolounge in newmexico 
 me when someone says tryna smoke  
 love and smoke by the water   stogies weston smokeonthewater thebigsmoke acidcigars 
 seriously  would you watch a cigaretteonly celebrity smoke off if it was a 2nightweek reality show on fox
 someone come smoke with meeee
 drink idc. smoke  yes 
 bring me weed
 you watch a show called weeds 
 @senschumer i read ryantrumpcare preexist cond in high risk pools. no one can with preexist conditions can afford it. smokenmirrors.
 @trimzy @youtube smoke dirty ol cigrits
 textile industry needs to come back to us. junk is made in pakistan from hemp. wash it and it shreds. also discoloration. high price.
 cause @protodudex too cool too cool and what they say is true oh  hes full of smoke
 to do my hair or roll up to smoke 
 @megalutou thats what im reading right now absolutely true... and yeah. smoke signals is great. ever read what you pawn i will redeem
 1. nothings into somethings.. 2 free smoke 3 ice melts
 on the infrequent occasion i watch a show  when i smoke sumn  the show invariably gets way weirder.
 gin smoke amp lies
 yall hoes be looking smoked out
 im high as fuck watching up in smoke
 @rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 shout out the whoever just did donuts and gave me an actual smoke show to watch right from my bedroom window this morning
 @thehill shummer should not be there he is false  smokescreen  bs lazy  does not do his job for the people
 @greghillwaaf smoke show
 how alabamas very low threshold locks people up for life for nonviolent marijuana crime 
 how alabamas very low threshold locks people up for life for nonviolent marijuana crime  nice work @connorasheets
 i really dk what possesses someone to smoke cigs
 stephen colbert tries to understand jeff sessions insane views on weed  via @esquire
 i jsut remembered that i finally get to see @tnaf next weekend and i am actually about to combust into a cloud of smoke
 tipsfordatingmyex bring lots of cigarettes. bring lots of doritos. bring lots of weed. note three different exes.
 @sandysgingham a hair follicle  test will say different telling phyllis i am on speed you daughter smoked heroin in december
 1030 already smoked thats the day we on rn
 @lizschultzxo @morningjoe theres so mch smoke arnd trump amp wh they can hardly get a breath and dont frget thats our wh hes destroying
 @mmpconnection hey thank you for your show support of cannabis families everywhere and hello to your followers
 @trillmacmusik hey i just wanted to thank you for the follow and supporting cannabis families
 @cbdambassador just wanted to tell you thank you for supporting cannabis families
 @whoazachariah hey just wanted to thank you for the follow and say hello to your followers cannabis families rule
 if katie and i smell like smoke today its because our toaster nearly started on fire this morning happyhumpday
 i was heartbroken when zac efron amp vanessa hudgens broke up that was the end of the world thats when i started smoking weed.. ok
 it hurts my soul watching people smoke amp just holding it in their mouth amp just blowing it out like they think theyre cool for the clouds
 im at 12 bones smokehouse in asheville  nc 
 @iftwixhadamons see my fav drake verse was on free smokedo not disturb
 why would you call someone at 7am to smoke. lol what k
 @bentjohnson @ortdavid hey we named a beer after this it was a pun on smoke and mirrors you take that back
 everything in my life is cluttered and im slowly working on weeding out this garden of mine.
 my existence can be boiled down to farting a lot and smoking weed and like watching movies occasionally
 someone come through my grandmas and smoke me outtttt
 h.170  a bill to legalize marijuana possession passes vtleg house judiciary committee by an 83 vote
 its 2017  im weeding out the fake  and life is good.
 anyone want to take my pharm exam for me its in weed lecture hall 1 at 6 pm bring a pencil... thanks noquestions allanswers
 our professor just asked my friend if she smoked while on vacation im crying
 the nurses at medimerge are smoke shows
 ewwww i have a smokers cough
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 @forecasterenten a smokescreen. zero chance nunes would do pressed about consequential leaked ic info. he is carrying water.
 prices of industrial properties for cannabis rose from full asking price in 2016 reaching 20 to 25 percent premiums 
 can someone pls teach me how to wear black eye shadow smokey eye without looking like a raging bitch
 my future weeding song perfect by ed sheeran 
 per source brian rife has stepped down as hempfields girls basketball coach llsports pagirlshoops @pagirlshoops
 someone sell me some weed pls goddamn im just tryna smoke a blunt
 gop chairman is on the trump dole. no one cares what he confirms. fbi said it was a lie. stop smoking weed.  
 @govmarkdayton leagalize recreational marijuana in minnesota already
 i just remembered niggas was smuggling weed onto the cruise ship last year lmaooo
 what kind of freak show are they running in washington.....holy smokes 
 why do people smoke mexico weed 
 if you bring your newborn to the doctors reeking like weed  theres something fucking wrong w you .
 @brisaac ohhhh i havent unlocked her yet the huntress i had a little difficulty with  finding the powers a bit weedy at low levels gtlt
 finally finished watching all the episodes of weeds in netflix. and it didnt end how i wanted it to
 honestly so blessed to have my mother @marycaitlin1 protecting me from smokers around campus
 finally finished watching all the episodes of weeds on netflix. and it didnt end how i wanted it to
 someone smoke weed with me before i die lol
 memphis fire crew are responding to a reported fire near the top floor of 100 n. main. smoke showing from top of hi 
 frontier and silver airways stop flying to cuba while american cutting daily flights for lack of travelers. another obama legacy up in smoke
 nycsmokefrees @gfj22 discussing his nctoh poster on partnering with supportive housing sector for smokefree ho 
 all i want to do right now is hike somewhere with an amazing view  smoke a fatty and spend some time alone
 @jeffreestar there is literally a girlwell known who has a youtube channel all about fucking dogs amp they are worried about weed
 i need a day where i just lay up with someone relax smoke and watch movies
 come smoke me and my coworker out weve done nothing for four hours
 my blackstarbeardoil came frankincense  sage  and bergamot with orange hemp shea goats milk 
 @mtolli30 @rtolli22 now thats a no. btw a lot of smoke about donavan and alford. just saying. where there is fire...
 h3164 new relative to zoning of retail marijuana facilities 
 bout to smoke and watch netflix
 ok  this is probably why the smokescreen today... 
 deadlift from tonight  didnt hit what i wanted but thats ok feeling pretty smoked from all the 
 just in images show huge smoke clouds approaching a house on  countryside acres avenue in bryceville. 
 i see why smoke and dijah close 
 someone bring me some beer please i got money amp weed for you
 legalized recreational weed in illinois our 420 dreams may have come true on 322. 
 hempzilla cbd shots stsmokeshopwinrock @ st smoke shop 
 you pay for dinner ill tip. you buy the movie ill buy the snacks. you buy the weed i got the gars. its the little shit 
 someone come by and smoke 
 @bdpeezy98 @reckless there are smokers continuing to smoke because theyve been misled by garbage media about relative risk.
 is there an option to just smoke space weed on his inexplicable couch and watch top ten jumpjet fail vids
 channel 4 townhall on marijuana in nevada just starting. go for thoughtful questions yourvoiceyourfuture
 spot on. everything is just smoke in mirrors in the media...everyone is too worried about inventing the news rather 
 miss having someone to always smoke w after work 
 dope they listened to me on free smoke  via @navjosh
 someone pick me up to smoke im too tired to drive 
 see this how you know weed fucked my brain up   i forgot i was watching a gooooood ass movie on netflix
 social media  smoke in mirrors
 all i do is smoke pot and watch movies with a teddy friggin bear.
 @mariska what about cannabis families
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 repost @ilmbfitness  who doesnt love a good smokey gray ombre check out the new chlo 
 i need to come up with a way to strap a bag of weed to my face so i can smell it all night while sleeping... that must be the solution
 listened to the rocky horror soundtrack from beginning to end and smoked a fat joint in the process this is selflove on steroids
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 if anyone is down to sit in my car with me and listen to me have a mini melt down thatd be cool. ill smoke ya out after 
 i wish i could smoke inside. it becomes tedious having no new social media to peruse while outside smoking late at night.
 yoo its raining lets smoke a joint
 @crystalbeebe3 @spotify bring weed liquor
 someone  call  text  snapchat  email  fax  shoot... smoke signal me im bored
 gtmfw someone posts a picuter of their marijuana 
 tonight to see julianna clark one more time as she participates in the ll allstar game. 630 at hempfield hs @juliannaaclark @hsdathletics
 michelle i see you 247 so please choose your words wisely for these socials bc you aint ever want no smoke when i ask you wassup
 i love the yuppies who glare at me as i stand 20ft behind the crowd having a smoke... as they sip from their plastic bottles. worldwaterday
 no sex just good ass head while i smoke before amp during the process amp he just leaves  its a blessing im serious 
 weve been open for 20 minutes and ive already had to shout sir you cant smoke that in here 4 times. please let today end.
 someone come smoke w me i just made coffee
 @realdonaldtrump but they were telling the truth when they widely reported wiretapping claims but come up with a smokescreen quick orange1
 lol i smoke cause if i dont  ill stab someone in the face. not to look edgy or cool  well all know its a gross h 
 .nah  @foxnews loves smoke amp mirrors and lies. all of em 
 @kereybabs it looked like weed u jack wagon  
 teachingislikegardening without any weeding.
 teachingislikegardening without any weeding. 
 my rolling tray comes today  was tired of all them weed bits everywhere lmfao
 rolling the weed in first class
 .@ladaoffice   our police are aware of penalty  @orthogrow to pull a grotesque weed in search of amp at the root.  @911lapd @nypd911dispatch
 handed my passport to the dmv employee and there were crumbs of weed in the crevices of the pages  stunning life
 opseu prez smokey thomas says he hasnt met w premier wynne in nearly 2 yrs. i think shes mad at me. onpoli 
 wakeup to social media and some weed
 listening to late reg. again.  my ballsack kanye has been addicted to weed.
 cringing watching this congressman talk about medicinal marijuana. somebody should have properly prepared him.
 tbt looking back on lecturing about cannabis to hort 54 business aspects of horticulture class 
 someone come through and smoke
 its national puppy day today we are looking at dog photos and reflecting on our canines amp cannabis issue 
 so now we have to investigate the investigator. this is so out of control smoke and mirrors dumpnunes
 more smoke  mirrors and lies 
 attorney rachel ginsburg in action discussing medical marijuana in the workplace here at the @cbianews 2017 human r 
 @zoopdeloop @vinesextape absolutely. ive already signed myself up... amp ill bring the weed.
 someone come smoke with me.
 two bbq plates togo please @ smokey dembo smokehouse in mobile  al 
 @jbendery @senatorleahy smoke those mirrors
 @seanspicer stop lecturing the media so much. your lecturing is a smoke screen in defending the wh  amp when theres smoke there is fire
 so someone decided it was a good idea to pull out weed in my class and now i have a headache so thx a lot u dick.
 neeed to smoke
 brooke amp baby kinslee showing off our new hempz lotion watermelon lemonaide  come get yours  only at tanmax  
 cool off the marijuana 
 @mariasirens id prefer to smoke them
 @ananavarro @devinnunes i had the same thought that nunes did this to get to independent committee faster. rs dont want this smoke bomb.
 @bukudatdude i did not have sexual relations with that weed
 @roguepotusstaff more smoke and mirrors from steve bannon. pay no attention to the man behind the curtain. youre going down  stevie
 @politico every day donald comes up with some lie or smokescreen to cover lie.isay enough show us your taxes and gives us proof of wiretaps
 so to commercial actors that show up to auditions reeking of weed.
 im just tryna smoke and talk about life with someone
 legalizing and regulating cannabis designing a framework | canadian nurse  via @canadanurses
 legalizing and regulating cannabis designing a framework | canadian nurse  via @canadanurses
 me n lil smoke working ... ynvsdj register2smoke @ the point cdc 
 tis this season for all the good smoke..
 or smoke a square and confront them when they show up. 
 @presssec lol just not today right blow that smoke up someone elses    a 
 today i sat outside smoked a square and looked at the city of lawton
 nunes sounded like comey before the election when he talked about new clinton emails. no facts  no names  just doubt amp smoke amp mirrors
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 but me amp my roomies got this cool ass regular we met at hooters who be giving us weed amp shit all the time so we talking to him
 so hoppy to be in asheville  @ wicked weed brewing 
 2.4 pounds of weed  life in prison in alabama . thats twisted
 already smoked some big kush
 @erikaaadenver thats what someone who smokes cigs would say
 policemandid you see that they went right through our roadblock you sombitches couldnt close an umbrella. watching smokey and the bandit
 @matchboxcigars meh i was hoping for more wicked weed  but i was just happy to be in south pine
 @m0nk3h veris group atd is all smoke and mirrors.  a joke of a toxic corporate culture manifested upon lies and lies.  farewell
 if i had 1 for every time someone told me i looked like i was smoking weed  i could probably pay my tuition in cash. hateallergies
 anybody that smoke weed for snapchat is a loser.
 hat tip to paul j manafort for that last way someone may have died from a weed deal gone wrong. 
 i wonder why someone in high school might not want to shower with someone of the opposite sex holy smokes where a 
 let your lungs fill up with smoke  forgive everyone
 olympic stalemate between nhl and nhlpa all comes down to smokescreens and rhetoric that doesnt add up 
 @cigarbarsf thanks for the follow. always wanted to come out there for some smokes and warriors game
 i look when i braid somebody hair amp they smoke me out 
 gawd i need a lot more vodka. watched like 20 minutes of the news. oh and weed. bring the valium too.   just bring everything
 low key surprising i dont drink and smoke everyday 
 idk how people smoke with bobby pins cause i just tried it to see how it works amp guess what  it didnt 
 @sampichardo @you holy smokes he told me he set this up for marketing. it was amazing  
 can one of my many atl followers come pick me up amp smoke me out pls. im here for the rest of the weekend
 honestly a verse from wayne on free smoke would have made morelife
 thats not weed  thats c 
 thats not weed  thats confetti 
 shout out to one of the @rockbridgebrew reps stopping into the new xpress liquor amp smokes in moberly and hooking me up with a tshirt
 holy smokes scandal
 all i do is go to school  smoke  amp do hair 
 what the huck.... abby no  holy smoke bombs batman did not see that coming... scandal huck @scandalabc @guillermodiazyo
 someone smoke w me 
 i need someone to play w my hair while we smoke
 @rosie @senpatroberts @ahimeddirector hey robear  will you pay my deductible my weed copays
 srsly though  @davidgergen is my favorite. smokes  hes good. @donlemon @cnn
 late night smoke sess  taco bell  and a movie yes please
 hats off for getting smoked forsuredude 
 just tryna smoke and watch some movies
 free smoke  free smoke  ayy dom ros toast... hidden hills where i post.
 kid cannabis is such a liit movie
 if weed could snapchat our streak would be so high lol smokeweedeveryday
 i dont smoke no bobby but my denim be from ricky got yo girl on molly and we smoking loud and dranking... 
 @zombiegalactus staunch republican ex intell putin hating mofos. on a mission to smoke every russian lovin official out of their holes.
 can these 1s just release already so i can smoke a back in them to look cool
 when it come to rolling im lazy asfuck  i been looking at this roll up and weed for an hr
 @smyth94ever @thebestsportmom  they looked like they were sucking on some legal weed before the game. milehighcity
 someone mistakenly wrote a bysrep kid had got in trouble for weed  and i almost had a panic attack lol
 at a bar. someones grumpy with me because my orajel mouth pain pen isnt a joint he can smoke. gays are the worst. 
 someone bring me something to roll this weed in amp ill let you hit it once
 @chriscbs4 wow... that looks like the core of a tropical storm... holy smokes
 i slippers ive ever had in my life because someone once texted me at 1am to come smoke a blunt in the muddy woods amp i wasnt changin
 someone smoke me out 
 wishing ganja white night was playing closer to la  im fixinnnn for some dirty wubs
 excuse me while i take lift. muarkush 2017  harvest season april 20  2017  come smoke with me 
 waiting for a someone man enough to outsmoke me. any of you toys up for a smoke off 420 
 you know its a good morning if smoke is rolling. 
 someone come smoke this blunt
 h3183 new relative to marijuana potency 
 @jazzgardens midnight star  teddy riley and guy  sos band  karyn white  shirley murdock  angie stone   smokey robinson
 yall... be mad at breann... not me.... but.... we cant smoke in the venue.... but its summer now so we can outside  bring bottles
 @jakewim with all the corners we signed  would you bring smokey back to offensive side
 someone come smoke out later today
 whats going on nyc this huge black cloud isnt weather. its smoke. on 58th st by bridge amp building w egypt emb 
 i smoke ssd  so i see used me  dss dis this legal n still abuse me as my family f 2 t tea party i show u a t party
 nobody from illinois  thats surprising. our politicians would pimp out their cell mates for a pack of smokes. 
 nope. not under oath  chaired by nunes. im expecting smoke screen like nunes stunt the other day. see  theres no 
 a mirror image of a smoke photograph. the more you look the more you see. i have always liked 
 @sethabramson its all about smoke and mirrors. trumprussia
 when they lend someone your jacket and they smoke while theyre wearing it. excuse me  are you paying my dry cleani 
 @camboviet  thats  so  cool....  looks  like an angel in the  smoke pattern or a gargoyle
 i think im already overplaying free smoke 
 walk all the dogs. stroll all the babies. openly smoke a joint if youre cool. do it nowwww.  
 where theres smoke  theres mirrors
 watchin weed shows sippin lean w my ma 
 @housegop @housedemocrats trumpcare is as bankrupt as trump hotels  bad for america. all smoke  mirrors  and scam
 but why does kellys 20 year old sister go out of her way to tell my parents i smoked a rillo
 who can braid hair i can pay you in weed or money
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 every other boy is amazing. except the boy that pays my phone bill and makes sure i have food and weed and klonopin....
 see smoke from a crematorium in @lakeworthpbc lakeworth  what you need to know amp who to callhttpst.coylzkncvxof @healthyfla pbc
 fresh wicked weed stocked up for your weekend friday tgif beerme beertime beerstagram 
 you might see this at the luau tonight thanks to professional smoke artist john lynam 
 holy smokey 1 007 subscribers on my youtube channel finally hit that 1k point baby this is 
 sighs reefers...
 someone come smoke me out 
 im just trying too smoke a blunt  relax and watch a good ass movie
 someone pmu for beyond  i got gas money and gas to smoke 
 trumpcare just withdrawn holy smoke
 someone smoke w @toriaaamckean amp i
 free smoke is already in my top 5 drake songs whilst passionfruit already in my 5 worst
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 someone come smoke a blunt w me
 vile weed 
 sign me in for a good smoke.
 come smoke all night at catchavibe tonight before 10pm hookahs will be 10 unlimited @ karu 
 someone bring alcohol and weed 
 someone in ny come to my hotel and bring weed
 why is wall st analyst r smoking weed and tell the investing world of lies
 someone smoke with me
 vile weed.  seinfeld newman itsgoldjerry 
 @600breezy snapped on free smoke 
 if i ever got married i dont see myself having a weeding
 @brainfreeze69 @vnuek @infowars holy smoke this is amazing
 @ohhitssmashley she smokes weed
 aka i started smoking weed when i met tyga 
 someone bring me gars ill smoke you out 
 i wish someone give me credit where i deserve so i can smoke up   bb dom me up a doobie brother please  butt bump that shit up
 check out this post in the finance vibe ceo creates snowflake test to weed out job applicants 
 h3178 new relative to the public safety risk of marijuanaimpaired drivers 
 when they smoke a joint and day dream i ctfu 
 let me smoke my cheap cigarettes in peace  please.
 naptown boring asl and this weed bet not be weak either 
 @beelzebulba @dailykos i think its smoke and mirrors  personally. notice their tweets yesterday about theres nothing you can do.
 someone smoke with me tonight ... 
 a girl @ the gym just asked if i had a marijuana tat on my back.... nope. that would be a dove. someone is high.
 taylor is leaving the tumble weed on car so people know we are from tech
 bring back hemp textiles smh 
 someone come over and smoke with me
 someone smoke me out amp ill give u food 
 2 weed is addictive and has a moderate dependency.
 someone smoke with me 
 every hood has someone named smoke.
 who wants to smoke a couple blunts and drink a couple 40s.
 somebody bring some marijuana over
 weed  food   pay some off some of my student loans   weed 
 @officiallivepd this guy just wont quit while hes behind. marijuana on his shirt  in the mouth  not a good thing. livepd
 @jeremypenter smoking weed reading that tweets of urs
 holy smokes  400k turks in holland   but they are all moderate so its ok  
 someone bring me a bottle of wine and ill smoke you out. 
 after you smoke  amp after sex 
 someone come smoke w me
 new flavor alert social smoke cucumber chill photo credit @hookahnuckuh @  
 i went to an insane weed festival this weekend with @tonyquattroiv and wrote about it 
 ohhhh up in smoke we go
 just wanna smoke some blunts amp watch movies
 @julzgaye @foxnews @oreillyfactor @ericbolling im weeding myself off news stationson tv. way too aggravating
 my granny flushed all my daddy weed down the toilet  he justa looking for it mad asl
 i wish someone loved me the way adam loves weed
 facetime me while i smoke this joint
 free smoke season
 who tryna come over and smoke a joint in my room and watch movies 
 pops roasting coffee and rolling weed. at 413 am smh.
 low key been wanting to smoke again lately 
 foenem got smoke for the low low
 happy birthday to my twin  may you be blessed with many more to come   turn up amp smoke blunts love you @rieceeecha
 .@jm3theiiird thats interesting i just noticed as well cannabis and marijuana are being censored from @twitter lat 
 idea this is how u bring the dems in amp make everyone happy. legalize govrun marijuana program that pays for universal care for all needy.
 more smoke and mirrors 
 if that banned substance is a steroid im cool cuz hes trying to fix himself. if its weed it means he doesnt giv 
 go wash the marijuana out of your mouth  @jordanmelloh
 i am in the deep ghetto of wilmington waiting for sauce to bring me my god damn weed like come on im sketched dude
 @nbcnightlynews this clearly shows that nunes was sent to create a smokescreen for potus. he should step down from committee.
 got the weed wacka for da snakes
 someone come smoke w me 
 would be honored to smoke out of this rig 
 @jemarmxchael i came to this fashion show. but trust i would have smoked and watched
 fuck crafting a persona based on weed this is the truth 
 someone come scoop me so i can pick up my car please  ill smoke you out
 mum iz weeding n witing  itz boring@barntiques859 @bertiandernie @ys200196 @bonniedawestie @bravewinston 
 were hanging out making smoked manhattans today. who wants to come hang out  @bulleitusa @hellacocktailco 
 kickin up some  while weeding this morning farmtotable communitygarden crossfitfamily 
 rolling marijuana is a true vacation  my everyday shit  every night shit
 social function at the weed shop
 someone smoke with meeeee
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 ok  wheres a site based in the u.s. that sells marijuana seeds a legit site not someone robbing cannabis patients looking to grow. dmpost
 got an citation for underage drinking and smoked my first cigg all in about 45 mins.. so thats how my day is going
 i am going to start a marijuana commune were people can come to a cool state and get help leave those backward redneck states behind
 99 smoke detectors installed in d7 homes today by the sa @americaredcross thx to henry van de putte and all the vo 
 someone smoke w me
 its 324pm  it already smells like alcohol and weed 
 @600breezy  i aint gone lie he snapped onnat free smoke lol y you be goin in like dat
 my car is manually weeding out my cd collection from high school
   staytucked415 we in this biatch hempcon welcometothemadteaparty chiefinglassworks 
 @funder @joyannreid trumpcare humiliation was just a smokescreen distraction. the real story end of democracy in usa is proceeding well.
 someone hit me wit plans  movies  hoop ses  smoke ses . fuck sum  im bored af
 check this out great smokey mountain turn key investment. type in address on zillow they have all information 
 so to @donqhbtl for showing love to day 1 and smokeout boyz ent    @chasetheartist of 
 we have to keep weeding the rinos out. maga 
 cover up on a forearm. girls hair is a cover up. gonna add some flames and smoke around. tattoo 
 rolling weed is therapeutic for me.
 im at wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 i just smoked a el w my godfather
 i need someone to braid my hair and ill smoke you out 
 someone come smoke w taylor and i 
 @pinkydink @sadeshalom and if i am able to not smoke  yall owe me an eighth
 drifting clouds  like smoke off the water. @ chicago  illinois 
 chris is that a weed
 this is the time of season to put seed and fertilizer and pre emerge in ya yard so itll look good and have no weeds
 @weareoversight wall in the white house. smoke out the traitors. we have fences on the border already.
 @taylorhugs its ok my brother brought weed gummies
 i do not fw liquor at all ill smoke thats all 
 bring the henny ill bring the weed its a date
 drifting clouds  like smoke off the water. @ chicago  illinois 
 @kaaaaaaaatelyn and thats they story of how this random cool ass couple smoked me out @ work today 
 someone smoke with me plz 
 bring me weed sos 
 10 pound bale of marijuana washes up on daytona beach.  
 museums   love letters  good sex  spoken word  and weed 
 someone pick me up amp lets smoke amp vibe
 now thats a flop.. holy smokes
 someone scoop ill smoke u out
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation.
 finna start rolling my weed in dutchs
 i just love to stay in  smoke some weed  amp watch movies after a long day of work
 if i scoop someone im tryna smoke 
 making progress on our little slice of bonton  removed weeds  leveled the low spots and 
 night 2 of our room reeking of marijuana 
 someone come through and smoke with the kid
 thats my weed  
 idc how tired i am i will stay up waiting for my brother to come home so we can smoke and watch sports together. thats our lil bond sesh.
 @breezylashae then they already smoked so they just being high.
 i want someone to look at me the way @chappedman00 looks at weed 
 smoking weed on the balcony over looking the lake views
 someone smoke a blunt with yah boy
 look theres me in the top row snapchatting the smoke bombs rowdies 
 should your insurance company pay for medical marijuana 
 should your insurance company pay for medical marijuana 
 i want someone who i can lay up and smoke blunts with
 @viceland needs more shows about marijuana. a lot more shows about marijuana  @viceland doesnt have nearly enough shows about marijuana
 stg the easiest way to get over someone is to smoke a lot of weed
 my uber driver played free smoke and when it says the part about applebees me and amanda looked at eachother like we already know
 oh cool. i just caught some of my hair on fire trying to smoke out of the bong in the dark.
 someone come smokeeee
 or someone come smoke with me
 imma smoke a square if i damn well please 
 ash bar. under the smoke restaurant. fun with lorrainedrop @ smoke the restaurant downtown 
 bring some weed i got a story to tell
 fuck man  the people that blow hookah smoke in the camera of their snapchat front facing camera are so cool  i cant even take it. omg
 finally met a lady of my life in verumla btw she doesnt smoke nightlife dtlaartsdistrict @ 
 eyes low from the smoke
 day 26 winner weeds  season 2  pittsburgh 
 were hiring click to apply reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive munster  in
 farm supervisor cleveland is loving the weather and weeding.  spring2017 springonthefarm 
 well i dont smoke cigarettes... but the rest is true @ orlando  florida 
 this will be me for the weeding if i keep pushing it off  
 where there is smoke there is carneasada come and get some at lakeland nicaraguan foodtruck 
 hair growing like a weed 
 @jobellecee me too.  its good for weeding out the norms.   
 icosr2017 cbd symptom alleviating very low in cannabis now. serious question should we encourage psychosis patients to smoke ditch weed
 do you smoke no bye.  o ok 
 @buffaloroad22 @foxnews priebus blows smoke about trump tweets. this all will come back 2 bite him
 h3180 new relative to youth marijuana use prevention and education 
 click on my pinned tweet if u want music to smoke a blunt to n sex n shit
 my hair today smells like leather and smoke and not in a tom ford kind of way... huntandfish 
 @gbaca14 @williamlegate @youtube all a false flag smokescreen to deflect from why she lost. she was a crappy candidate who lies.
 you blow your smoke just to fog up the mirror
 im tryna go on a hike and smoke a couple
 @potus mexico will never pay for your berlin  wall the drugs being smuggled in are primarily weed not the opioids that are killing 
 someone smoke me out
 i want weed and sex with shawn mendes 
 food and sex. lonelyboy plus some weed are my love languages. 
 once your weed man shows up. 
 who tryna come watch this kentucky game at 5 and smoke hookah 
 got my smoker rolling 
 facetime me lets smoke blunts and talk on the facetime
 looking at the statutory maximum punishments is deceptive. many  many ppl in nc are sitting in jail for weed. 
 sigh  why does youth talks always have to bring up marijuana  youth care about more than just that. @yndjnd ndpldr
 q on marijuana well i was in a band... @charlieangusndp ndpldr lol fundp
 .@charlieangusndp says he was in a band in response to the question of decriminalization of marijuana. the room laughs. ndpldr
 someone  anyone lets smoke
 im trying to smoke 2 blunts  go to brunch  smoke after hit the movies and then wash it all down with a remy v.s.o.p bottle. sundays
 team gambit smoked the media competition in the pedal with purpose race for yep. john georges owes me a gyro
 rollin marijuana  thats a cheap vacation.
 .@vp like coal powered trains wouldnt it be cool to see the trail of black smoke its like something youd see in the movies...
 do yall prefer dense weed or fluffy
 truth bein told we used to movies and bowl we used to netflix and roll i used to pass her the smoke she used to laugh at my jokes 
 unun im not pressed to smoke  tf
 im tryna smoke that hashish dafaq
 i got weed no swisher someone fix it
 please someone come over and fix my smoke detector
 evidently the phrase windy city smokeout tickets is a lot easier to type than it is to say out loud...
 @kassemg  will sponsor you with weed dm or email me at info@venbud.com
 im at wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 @rightwingangel @costareports youre mixed up amp overwrought. lie down  smoke a joint and confess your sins and stupidity. trumps a traitor.
 justsayn the lesson learned from legalizing marijuana is that  if society does something illegal long enough that itll become legal.
 holy smokes. 70 west missouri. tornado  view from roughly mm170 
 can we smoke before and do these thx 
 @600breezy free smoke remix   on repeat
 someone come chill and bring weed...  
 how to get cute guys to add you on snapchat offer them free weed
 rollin marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 when you have friends who cook like this for you on the smokergrill in march...lifeisgood 
 i just need weed ok
 someone take me to a plug amp ill smoke w you.. idc
 delivered to a weed festival today @ wilmington athletic complex 
 bring a bottle or weed im tryna t up hmu
 will someone in clyde bring me food ill smoke this blunt w you in return
 tokyo ghoul is amazing. holy smokes am i glad i finally caved on a @funimation sub. its soooooo gooooood
 free smoke remix up @ 7  bouta turn yo sunday tf up
 sleepy stormy sunday here in eugene. laundry  coffee  cannabis. time for a late sundaysmokesesh w @justj21x20 blessed comfy cannabis
 indeed an amazing smoke  
 when its time to pass the weed i go mj in space jam amp stretch that arm 
 new view from where i smoke vs the old view  still pumped to be here regardless 
 happy sunday yall go slap free smoke remix x ljame moneyhungrymusic   
 u not inhaling properly u basically wasting the weed 
 someone bring me a pack of smokes and a fat cigar ill pay cause im the boss hercules like my dad n mom.
 take a couple shots  drink a couple beers  smoke a couple joints   all is well  for now at least
 she tweeted this amp then said wow you sound like you smoked ten packs of cigarettes  i am blessed w the sweetest 
 only if thats weed 
 someone sit and watch the rain and smoke cigs w me lmao
 oh come on  like jane fonda doesnt know how to smoke a joint.  my mom watching @graceandfrankie  
 someone come put weed in my blunt.
 someone smoke w me 
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 what to watch and smoke these blunts to
 just got through playing mintonsharlem had a blast w @camillethurman  now at smokejazzclub 
 sex  smoke  and vibes
 @rickrekedal ha. all smoke and mirrors.
 when someone in the sesh doesnt inhale the smoke 
 we came for my moms weed  goals graceandfrankie
 the shitty thing about local bars is that people can smoke in them so you come home reeking of cigarette smoke
 @joyannreid you rocked on mtp this past sunday morning...you smoked hugh h on aetna talking point thx 4 the clarity.
 just want someone to smoke with
 ... wasting weed for what though 
 @johnmashey @rosenwalderic @ls1228 @louisemensch when coincidences become patternstime to look for the firenot just the smoke
 see  the name of the lord comes from afar  with burning anger and dense clouds of smoke his lips are  . . . 
 im honestly tired of being in a smoke filled room. confusion
 sci channel and weed. so happy. ps3
 so to @donqhbtl for showing love to day 1 and smokeout boyz ent  @chasetheartist of 
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 rollin marijuana thats my shit vacation
 @rozinck long ago 70s there was no weed in ontario  all hash
 i rather be drunk than high but theres no point in wasting weed.
 you come to school every morning just to leave to smoke a square  stfu hoe
 our server was telling me to smoke weed basically lol. then i tried to smoke the last of my j and it fell apart on me.
 i just wanna smoke a couple blunts and watch movies all day 
 most remaining smokers in us have low socioeconomic status  via @scienmag.
 600breezy x free smoke remix
 im just trying to show you what it could be. got a couple bottles and that good weed
 s1080 new relative to municipal control over recreational marijuana 
 fox 40 over by the smoke bench by kennedy
 my dad thought it was the funniest thing when he asked if me n nathan go protest when we smoke ampi told him we just watch movies 
 @ambitchous  i was wondering if you went to work so you can come smoke lol
 john oliver goes off on americas most absurd marijuana laws   legalizemarijuananow stopthelunacy
 @changayt @mrtaro84 alot of people have gone around the same ratings as me so i guess maybe 50 of america smokes s 
 theres something i love about watching myself smoke in the mirror
 more no smoking signs needed on campus @fiu  see entirely too many students not knowing were a smokefree campus
 icymi @lastweektonight john oliver makes an hysterical pitch for why we need legal cannabis in the usa.  watch
 fxi china is a country full of smoke and mirrors. its all about perception with them. a country of lies
 icymi @lastweektonight john oliver makes a hysterical pitch for why we need legal cannabis in the usa.  watch
 the va needs to add marijuana
 ok i gotta hurry and smoke sumn before this rant comes and i lose 400 followers
 @morningjoe remember all the reports about hillarys speaking fees her lies lock her ups lock them up leaks amp lies smoke amp mirrors
 anyone in richmond down to smoke get some food and catch a movie
 waiting for someone to put a weed plant on their head 
 looking for the smoke hit me up i got some good deals going all day
 @spookymarissa smoke show
 someone come smoke 
 @exumam i dont know this is super arcane and reeeally in the weeds for a sustainable scandal. russia hacked the el 
  via @newsletter smoke amp mirrors
 the irony of the man smoking a black amp mild standing by the smokefree campus sign. theecway
 dave east free smoke remix gtgtgtgtgtgt 
 someone come smoke this spliff w me
 russiatrumpffox news  will not divided us with lies and smoke booms 
 someone smoke with me 
 when vegas comes around ima show you east coast niggas what weed is supposed to look like with the cali price.
 someone smoke with me 
 john oliver lays out alarming contradictions between state  federal marijuana laws 
 the nail tech just told my i smoke weed 
 watching jane fonda smoke weed is wild
 argentina legalizes marijuana for medicinal purposes  
 @tweeternub bulbous  capitatesessile  and capitatestalked. thats a start on your cannabis edu
 @netflixlat subime weeds
 was in my zone smudging my room til the smoke detector went off 
 dreams do come true  uptown is getting a smokes @poutinerie    be still poutine northyork foodie 
 bring the smoked salmon to nc @uncbasketball goheels 
 bring the smoked salmon to nc @uncbasketball goheelsnationalchampionship 
 someone seriously bring me a dvi cable   ill smoke you out
 grass is growing stop by our heritage ag location in carlisle and get your stihl blower  weed whacker  or a kubota 
 @sandshrew13 someone is watching frozen  or the reefer madness musical
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 watch john oliver on insanely inconsistent u.s. marijuana laws  via @rollingstone
 got my food and weed. now im ready for this storm to hit
 someone smoke these blunts w me ill scoop 
 people that post pictures of them smoking weedcigs on every social media platform are the biggest headassses i know
 big smoke from gta sa without a hat. 
 @moralesssjai @themanafricano i could careless she got smoked thats all i know
 @daibugg weed
 weeds. weve all got them. and while this gardenquicktip isnt a solution for all weeds  it 
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation 
 cool @hankgreen featured in @lastweektonight with @iamjohnoliver marijuana segment.  fun fact i had to spellcheck marijuana.
 i wonder whats on the agenda for today  smoke and mirrors or cloaks and daggers cointelhell
  how my girl gone control what i eat. thats like her telling me to smoke when she think i should 
 its rare i pay for weed now
 twentyeight states  60 percent of americans  have authorized some form of marijuanarelated conduct. 
 @autozone do you price match @walmart has got you smoked on oil pricing.. 14.52 less.. 
 @messymonday very true. yo justin hit me up lets have a smoke sesh 
 7th grade band playing smoke on the water with the high school band hpspanthers pantherpride 
 3 months with smokey we grow closer everyday and already share a special bond. i am blessed to 
 i choose not to smoke so why should a nonsmoker be forced to pay 1600 to smell 2ndhandsmoke from someone else smokingkills 
 who trynna smoke   bring some woods   ill smoke one with you
 @summerpruittt thats why you smoke persos
 idc ill  smoke a black in hawaii thats the wave 
 its ok if you dont smoke.
 dave east killed that free smoke remix 
 got our sweet looking  custom tags for the blue deuce and our smoker   . . four41south 
 someone come smoke a dut 
 hoping the truth comes sooner than later. smoke and mirrors and now ridiculous filibuster of one of the most qualif 
 i need marijuana to create the information i wish to provide the love i want to receive from my wife.
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation.  my everyday shit.
 @emmawwe is back and shes a smoke show
 todays justice system will send you to jail for 20 yrs for having weed but will let someone go w a slap on the wrist for raping a woman.
 bring me food and ill smoke you out 
 someone come smoke me out
 @coltonrday hoping i get to love it. i want to  im just so out in the weeds here. everything is different and im 
 @onlydares im about to smoke a doobie new twitter friend
 @thedmvdaily time to relocate rt @thedmvdaily denver passes law allowing marijuana use in restaurants  bars  and ot 
 someone come over  wheel me out back  and smoke me out lol
 vibe on the weed 
 fantastic segment about cannabis prohibition b.s. from sundays @lastweektonight i love this show    
 someone come smoke with the boy
 wait someone bring some grabba to the crib ill smoke you out 
 someone come ov and watch a movie amp smoke a blunt w ya girl 
 someone smoke with me
 i play korn to my dmt plants   smoke blunts all day and do sex stuff.
 hi..um.. im just looking for a hot bf that will smoke blunts w me and cuddle up after......... oh yea  and is only down for me 
 someone give me a ride downtown  or bring me some weed.
 i just want both of my followers to know that i absolutely smoked my family with my bracket. including @rangergundy.
 can you please with the smoke up my a sht already i am not distracted. only you and your voters who. u are about to be fcked by u buy it
 i want to smoke out johnoliver . im serious. @lastweektonight
 just wanna smoke oil with someone late at night
 someone trying to smoke and watch halfbaked 
 good ole smoke sesh singing 
 someone pls bring me weed
 someone bring me a g and smoke it with me 
 happy birthday family. turn up and smoke one we goin up  this weekend@kiddblk
 @kateconger @edzitron i smoke an eighth of gmail every weekend
 @smoothieqwn rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 off the weedzzz
 watching all these people smoke cigarettes on this show is killing meeee
 @robertplant hi simply meijithe dove dimensional key broken lft arm yesterday holy smokes that hurtsbut mu 
  erik prince met with putin associate to establish back channel how much more smoke again russiagate  
 someone bring me weed please
 @resortfull @trimzy @dahrmata smoke cigrits
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 i noticed how alot arent smoking top shelf or private reserve strains  alot are smoking low shelf strains. were all the moonrock smokers @
 @smoke curse smoke
 the get down part 2 coming out i need a netflix and chill buddy prefer that you smoke lol
 georgia has got to have everyone smoked when it comes to tornado count so far this year. bring that to chaseable terrain plzzz
 i need someone to skate and smoke this joint with
 i gotta craving for good head  sex  and weed 
 @morningjoe @joenbc @morningmika rice story is purposeful disinformationunmasking is not leaking amp there was enough smoke 2 look 4 fire
 @katramsland john oliver if an 83yearold republican has come around on marijuana  federal law should too 
 @katramsland john oliver if an 83yearold republican has come around on marijuana  federal law should too 
 someone scoop from work ill smoke you out
 i wonder if the same holds true for cannabis when used 
 @smoke3x all of it his music...the way he slowly walked through smokeampfog...the way he took off his gear...rolling 
 @nasirxjones @airbagged yes  and ill add that anything hope con wrote is heavier than tower of snakes. love 18v but hope con smokes them
 i just drink smoke stay low key
 @senschumer talk about smoke and mirrors you are a disgrace. over regulations were crippling our country just wha 
 hungry asl but after i smoke im be hungryy asl 
 @paulseyelids cant smoke on abbe road now england has become a nazi state when it comes to smokers and i imagine thats not cigarettes
 bennycarlito585 what lies in the smoke is available now on 
 shitty fucking day at ups...brightside is that i finally got someone who can get me weed 
 would be interesting to see if marijuana use displaces some alcohol consumption  as the economist has theorized. 
 medical marijuana a step closer to legalization in md. beinformed 
 i smoked this yesterday at @ftbmelanie but in honor of tattuesday ill post it today 
 can you smoke inside csun ok we about to find out
 wail  you gate howl  you city melt away  all you philistines a cloud of smoke comes from the north   . . . 
 i was watch christine and elijah videos last night  they got to smoke with @sharonneedles and @sutanamrull and like damn. im so jealous
 you could put weed in yr phone case with like a compartment no they xray yr phone what  weed wont show up yes it would it doesnt have bones
 last day off until who knows when someone come smoke w me 
 someone smoke with me
 i binge watch anime all day and smoke all day
 west virginia cops reading everyones celebratory posts on social media about the medical marijuana bill passing. 
 the bible  christianity  and recreational marijuana  
 @chitchatinmd is this is relation to marijuana laws
 if youre reading this  its not too late invite open to all  rsvp for   and free ganja 
 its all smoke and mirrors
 dr. rineheart we know secondhand smoke gets you high  ummm...  vtpoli
 @joyannreid give amnesty to anyone who has a marijuana crime.
 no more tobacco  introducing you to cbd hemp wraps  thats actually good for you while you 
 lights a cigarette most people dont smoke indoors worry about the smell. thats why i chose this place points up catherdral ceilings.
 there are 23 000 published medical studies on  about cannabis  this cbd hemp oil is transforming peoples lives
 dave east x free smoke remix 
 buxton  salt n smoke  storm.. what else
 someone come scoop my ass  ill smoke u out 
 pria was a smoke show haha   riffrafflove @ kappa alpha order 
 and they played the rabbit hole poker card.   thats all they have in this wh smoke screening. rabbit hole poker 
 budding marijuana industry has more female ceos than any other business in americabudding marijuana...  equalpayday
 everyone decides to hit me up to smoke when im on my way to work 
 cbd and weed is the cure to everything 
 wasting weed.... 
 do you think kim or kanye smoke on the low 
 having someone to smoke n vibe with all the time is dope 
 watch john oliver on insanely inconsistent u.s. marijuana laws  via @rollingstone
 idc how advanced weed science gets ill stay rollin blunts til im 6 feet under
 low and slow  i figure ill smoke it for 810 hours before turning it up to 185 igrilldoyou igrill weber 
 my nigga penny killed that free smoke remix
 when i smoke i become a kleptomaniac
 @akaemands12 yeah and he reported my one tweet calling him by his alias that he was weeding around the bush to say.
 im trying to watch movies from the jacuzzi and smoke ls with @stoopsancho
 @carvetis19 a fucker i snap you couple days ago to chill but you didnt reply..i was trying to watch the game smoke woods with @nickworst
 i smoke to alina baraz amp chop god partynextdoor two album ... its so lit 
 i love weed but if true  thats obnoxious. 
 movie night tonight  come on out and smoke with us 
 overheardatbyu well they drink and smoke and have sex. basically they do everything wicked.
 @newttrump if susan rice was hooked to a lie decter machine smoke would come out of it. lies lies and more lies
 someone come over amp smoke with me. 
 smoking on porter starkes smoke free campus d
 and where theres smoke..the flames will show soon enough. 
 just watched a young lady smoke a cigarette without inhaling. looked very cool and was fun to watch
 when someone tells me theres down to smoke   
 @alexgold holy smokes thats a lucrative deal
 @ananavarro @cnn @joyannreid trump amp gop going after susan rice is another smokescreen of there own criminal behavi 
 you cant stop smoking weed for 100 000 a year. yes someone please fetch me a bible
 honestly i would prefer a nigga who didnt smoke so i wont have to share my weed if we being 
 someone come smoke
 lincoln already owe someone money amp about to get smoked smh prisonbreak
 holy smokes  @susiebright followed me.  new social media level unlocked.
 someone hml to smoke
 if you smoke  cool.  if you drink  cool. all i ask is for you not to drive under the influence.
 seasons first snap peas  smoked eggplant  noritamago  algae oil.  . . . townsmantease 
 gender pay gap is smoke and mirror. companies would hire only black women
 its social convention that says a dandelion is a weed but all i see is a beautiful flower. wildflower hike 
 thats how you weed out rinos @tuckercarlson tuckercarlson. love the show ive imagined having my own show doing the exact same thing.
 please come see reefer madness tickets   musical 
 im going home rolling a joint and taking my makeup off . who wants to smoke with my ugly ass
 someone come smoke and cuddle
 iendmydayby weed dailyshow colbert prayer 
 someone come smoke amp jam oldies w me
 12 for an eighth at 365 cannabis and it is fire 
 you telling me if insertname had an extra pesi theyd be ok.... i ask @kendalljenner   did u do the research bitch is you smoking reefer
 @jkoncius @spils best prices on smokes in town too.
 so far mater  lightning mcqueen  jackson storm  smokey and cruz tsums have been revealed. what do we think... is t 
 @realdonaldtrump it will ultimately uncover linking jaret to the russiaputintrump smokescreen to divert hrc emails revealing bho crimes
 @silencedhippie just got to watch your seattle smoke sesh love it. btw i love how long your hair is  safe traveling 
 kcmo decriminalized marijuana today  to a 25 fine for lt35gs. this is huge. more than huge.
 trump i hope u have someone close thats willing2stop blowing smokeupurass long enough to say ur fing everything upifnotallowme urfingup
 i gotta wash this smoke smell out my hair from the club saturday 
 i want to smoke with someone.
 @ananavarro  nothing you can do to take down @oreillyfactor. put that in your pipe and smoke it. 
 someone lace my weed please and thanks
  see you at the weeding with my lime green suit on 
 i hate looking for weed
 a cockroach the size of my phone is trapped in my bathroom flying around.. welp guess whos dropping one smokey sty 
 sending out applications for someone to snuggle 247 and for someone who likes to smoke as much as i do
 herbal therapy infused with hemp cbd hemp cbd ecobeauty skincare greenbeauty rollon lavender relax focus 
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacationnnnnnn. franky voice
 .@jeffcoxcnbccom .@rbreich  .. not surprising as it all seems ti be smoke and mirrors and trump hasnt effected any 
 please bring some kk to bronx please.. i need to smoke kk 
 flynn tells staff to come back with a go slow approach on allowing marijuana businesses.
 same. nun to do but smoke nd watch netflix 
 @markhoppus i can translate it completely.  i just used his mouth for information and had no idea.  i dont smoke marlboro menthol golds
 i didnt smoke no grass todaybut thats because i love to playso who am i to take awaywhat makes you feel this great
 ces cru   and stevie stone gave me all of their weed cause they couldnt bring it to idaho lol  
 ion smoke no squares on camera but ill smoke a square on camera 
 @tuckercarlson @marksteynonline i agree thats another smoke bomb that the dems and the media have been dropping. t 
 @realtimers any chance of getting an unknown on show  uwe blesching  ph.d. who wrote a fab book on cannabis amp its h 
 first smoke then flames appear around controversial yaletown land swap between @cityofvancouver amp luxury developer. 
 jab please bring back the smokehouse turkey and chipotle chicken panini. @panerabread 
 there should be no chance this morning of no vodka going out to smoke a camacho be back in 15 cigarlife 
 dont spread fucked up false information about marijuana or im comin for you nigga. 
 good morning smoke a joint before i got to ihop so forgive me for 
 good morning smoke a joint before i got to ihop so forgive me for 
 met the cool guy downtown promoting for the   national cannabis festival 422  rfk stadium 
 its not a coincidence that all my tweets have smokestacks belching foul pollutants into our air. climatechange actnow carbonfee
 as i said  lies run sprints  but the truth runs marathons. let ignorant people create their own mess. when smoke settles  respond.
 when you smoke as much as me  you will dread rolling joints. at this point im willing to pay people to roll for me.
 someone smoke this blunt w me
 not looking for a relationship im looking for a vibe. lay up  smoke dope  and fuck when i cross yo mind
 someone come smoke with me 
 ceo of cannabis firm women grow steps down to focus on dispensary  @womengrow
 kansas city  mo.  voters approve 25 fine in easing of marijuana law 
 mad props to this mom cannabis cures   cbd cures 
 im finna be slumped im already rolling off this 4 and we finna smoke two blunts
 holy smokes the one and only @josieahlquist is coming to our campus. welcometothejungle  
 my guy censored the word weed lmfaoooooo
 @omarkelly do teams bring in top players as smokescreen or due diligence how often does a team draft a player they dont bring in for a visit
 do not come on social media complaining about fake people  fake people. venting your inner frustrations. like...go smoke an l amp stfu.
 how yall bout to blame that shit on the weed thats weak 
 @tomperez @dtrumpexposed @thedemcoalition more smoke amp mirrors from real scandal trumprussiacollusion 
 thats just how it be  thats my favorite weed
 good sex amp weed on the reg.
 roses are in bloom. join friends of the morcom rose garden 4 weeding  deadheading  amp fresh air 48 9am1pm 
  texas dallas ysbh wv usatrip vacations couple love amor @ kennys smoke house 
 @tharulerltf smoke some biiiitttcchhhh
 @ptrckstxmp although im honestly blessed to have this sort of content but just the weed jumper and the sass i cant 
 someone threw 3 black bags full of weed in the dumpster at his work and they came to pick it up  omg nooo tio fucking up
 @normornstein 2 rewarding racist tweets w smoke screen assist. real media should ignore stuff like this leave it to fox and brietbart
 @chrislhayes bannon not formal principle but can still attend all meetings. just more smoke and mirrors from this crew.
 i finished watching breaking bad  weeds  gilmore girls  gossip girl  thats 70s show amp the office.. i need a life or a new show to watch 
 someone come smoke
 always great to hear from @walpolechief carmichael on marijuana laws at the @mjpoa conference. thx chief 
 always great to hear from @walpolechief carmichael on marijuana laws at the @mjpoa conference. thx chief 
 gave up smoking weed for lent but after this work day im having  im rolling up a fatty 
 @kwelkernbc please stop lending credence to wh spin of tapped. your colleagues dont buy it or enable the obvious wh smokescreen. why you
 scammers not hustlers at all to me. rather see someone selling weed or stripping lol
 @spanky1619 @twittermoments @business contrary  i would be relived  for our country  if it was all smoke. if true i 
 ok first of all... quit lying. and second of all it depends on how much you smoke. 
 josh deeter  up in smoke  ssd nfms17 
 so i end up on my own  cuz he lives in shame all used him for his weed his growing as movie and warned b 4 movie breakin bad y made his own
 i want to smoke whatever the person who named snickerdoodles was smoking
 the children of cannabis   leaftopia cbd cbdoil hempseeds hempoil hempseedoil hempheals hemphelps 
 after marijuana and alcohol  flintstone vitamins are the most commonly misused substances by americans age 14 and older.
 i feel like im cheating on chris when i smoke blunts without him
 somethings are all just smoke and mirrors. wednesday blue blackandwhite smokey new love 
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 the louder the denials  the more smoke there is. see how that door swings both ways  democrats susanricegate leaks
  @ smoke  mirrors 
 solo smokesesh time new strain big wreck from ananda @frequentv  shoutout to leo amp ricky vibeon 
 @realdonaldtrump i know that you helped the syrian government bomb those people because you r a russian lies amp smoke screens from the truth
 @fti sales ria trade show palm springs fiberlock booth 122 for 3 day show come see the new recon ultra smoke odor s 
 weve been weeding in the veggie garden the past couple of days  since the heavy rain. no pesticidesweed killers. dirt and water  baby.
 tonight womancrushwednesday  your 1 midweek spot to  smoke hookah  vibe  jam byob. nocover 
 lmao i just stepped outside to smoke  heard a rattler and stepped the fuck back inside to grab the strap hahahahahaha
 someone go with me to drive in movie and smoke a fatty
 asking if someone smokes weed is almost mandatory to ask when first meeting someone
 bring me weed ill buy it n smoke u up
 pineapple express came out in 08 and dale says he is losing faith in humanity if weed isnt legal in 5 yrs. well its 2017..smh
 honk for hemp  
 scuba steve is that nigga with that stoopit weed
 yall hype about waka just now sliding to fgcu.... come talk when you can smoke blunts with him after finessing your way in his show free
 niggas who smoke snapchat stories be funny. they be tryna look cool and shit till that smoke get in they eye
 btw on the old day 1 of smoke quit heart is playing the amen break
 @spaikin bills5 would impede smokers getting the information they need about ecigarettes. could @theagenda do a p 
 i just need to smoke a couple jays and take my ass to sleep  dasit
 buy me this hat and ill smoke you out k k 
 many amazing stories so far cannabis is real its incredible please share your cannabisstory  dm or email from the 
 bouts chillax smoke sum drink my dirty and watch a movie
 add me on snap udigg smokedoutdj
 wish @36black52white would come over and smoke hookah with me
 even though my mom knows i smoke and is ok with me smoking in the house  last night when she barged in my room while i was rolling one bitch
 this bitch asked me to smoke her out ctfu u thought
 someone smoke with me
 @corcapmj absolutely cool i think i want someone to talk about insurance and marijuana at our festival
 rollin marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 is it true every time someone claiming 2 represent small marijuana farmers mimics the rhetoric of prohibitionists  
 @renesaloser smoke the res gethighbaby
 i just smoke drink stay low key
 only i can take ur neighbor weed man and turn this man into the face of csu  and top student leader
 well someone smoke the truth
 @tompodolec @kidcraig @aircanada @flightradar24 yrs ago we landed and had a hard brake. i could see smoke coming fr 
 ok im bringing weed. just show up  please.
 someone come smoke this blunt
 ok im bringing weed. just show up  please.
 ok im bringing weed. just show up  please. same.
 watches weeds once 
 90s kelly preston was a certified smoke 
 its not cool to smoke 
 its not cool to smoke 
 my parents are letting me smoke  this is a dream come true. oh lord i am so happy
 i just wanna sex smoke amp vibe babe
 someone be an  and smoke me out i will repay you with my presence and my love
 i just smoked with a stranger i met at a car wash 
 what the heck is this show now holly smokers another show with fat people rating what skill does this show take ao many dumn shows 
 if you buy into the hype thats your fault. stop falling for the smoke amp mirrors because you  thirsty.
    where theres smoke theres  smoke   @realotakugang @geekeinc @theunheardnerd @gmakin16 @noobde @uncagedgamez
 late night smokesesh while pizza cools off. vibeon cannainformative please follow my twitter @cannabiscoleman  
 someone private messaged me telling me to teach them english with some weed lol whatttt
 medical marijuana in w.va. a step closer to reality. 
 on top of old smokey. 
 @colindieden @katiemowgli light it  smoke it and snapchat it. ya gotta see what it tastes like
 @sarahkliff just listened to weeds podcast  im wondering if youve heard of ruth ellen brosseau
 bring me weed
 throwback to when i use to smoke ... im going to miss you  but ill be back to my stoner days in a couple of mon 
 im weak someone was smoking weed in the school bathroom 
 your kidding you rhodes and rice all coming out of the woodwork to start the smoke n mirror act truth will prevai 
 i should smoke a fatty and watch these storm clouds over the mountains.
 nunes  its time. ive taught you all i can is that a gyrocopter mr. bannon sputter puff of smoke cheap chinese piece of crap
 this old couple came into work last night reeking of weed with the munchies and they had a good time at ritas i believe
 most of the 36 million remaining smokers in the us have low socioeconomic status  study finds 
 these kids smoke a couple blunts and think they hardcore stoners
 i was rolling up and now i dont see my weed lmaooo
 600 breezy was spittin straight flames in that free smoke remix
 sometimes you bring out really really old tats out of your humidor and if you dont smoke it now 
 bring a nigga some gars and ill smoke you out
 again  yesterdays trump tweet abt ms. rice looks like smoke screen for this announcement today. and nunes is towin 
 come see reefer madness 5 off using offer code maryjane ends sunday at the art centre theatre tickets 
 @killermike bring some weed back.
 tbt ... to the i went out to @wynnlasvegas with @crispinglover  met vindiesel and the smoked 
 after done smoking weed for awhile need take a break but ima be back maryjane we got that unconditional love
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 ceo for lbtg .0009. is the cfo for axim a 13.00 stock  and cannabis pharma company   ceo for lbtg  going mj   news imminent  imho.
 all these weak ass weeds man around the north 
 h1055 new to create an opencontainer law for marijuana 
 og  weed isnt food mari 
 eventually someone in the right position will support the vision. well continue weeding out all the nos till th 
 well shit thats to bad i got a blunt and weed see you clown 
 samsung power eugene showing off those first weekend preorder numbers holy smokes nrplaytowin nrwinsgs8 
 omg i have the most thoughtful clients he booked a room for me and remembered that i smoke so it has a balcony thank you
 perf day to smoke and watch movies 
 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @fbi bullshit. smoke wont cover all your lies. stop blaming yesterday on whats happening to you
 someone smoke tffff
 dave east free smoke remix is dope
 bring weed too issssa wrap 
  grab your @kinglilg tickets amp bring some weed 2  
 old lady at hospital i dont really know why im so sick nurse r u smoker lady yes nurse how often do u smoke 
 730 we goin in wit @zackhaarp n backwoods @ happy clouds smoke shop 
 i just want to watch some horror movies and smoke some herb. dassit.
 @tedlieu @realdonaldtrump smoke amp mirrors. im sure presidentbannon is getting the same level of information amp has 
 @longlivedario where the weed 
 stay rolling good weed up
 you know when you are in the middle of no where when there is free weed signs  
 its such a turn off when people smoke shitty weed
 @reeenla it doesnt  you light up and the lean literally starts to boil and the fumes combine with the smoke
 its 18k to stay and bed and smoke weed all day for 70 days  so sign me the fuck up and the purpose behind it will h 
 thats not low hanging clouds  in the background but the billowing smoke from the everglades 
 if u smoke squares... 
 @noobde  @injusticegame  i beg you lord boon. please give batman his teleport smoke escape move. i hate that front grapple its slow..
 were about to take weedwhacker to @ajitpaifcc amp all other corporate  lackies that want to kill open internet. 
 a female that smoke more then me is never a good sign
 waking up to weed thats a good sign @thatboycurtis
 you know what they say... april showers bring may flowers come and pick up the spring edition of smoke signals at 
 someone come ov and smoke w me
 can someone come roll my weed plz
 picky af when it comes to the people i smoke with. these snapchat hoes not gonna me wasting my shit 
 money  weed  and a good view 
 @xxxrachelroxxx just beer amp weed as my copeing skill amp the hope i might find someone like u ure awesome ya rachel
 @thrill3r i asked if you wanted to smoke  yesterday
 i see through all the smoke and mirrors its just people wanting to fit in and be cool
 and to top it tf off he smoke my weed.
 lesson from a garden  violence is like a weed. unless you take it up by the roots it will grow back and multiply.
 more people are learning of the healthy benefits of hemp oil  and if you havent already heard 
 we have had presidents smoke weed and do cocaine while in college. high school seems a stretch for political points 
 at the student center fountain  on the wall where everyone smokes cigs at  someone chalked mizzou is smoke free. thatll show em
 i was debating on if i wanted to buy alot of weed today  and its settled. im buying alot of weed today
 rolling up some weed and creating 
 i asked 5 people to pick me up from work today. including my weed man. lets see who is reliable. 
 ok libs..wheres your outrage here any womens marches or university riots planned here all smoke and mirrors 
 @friedrichdrumpf regular fullstrength recreational marijuana at what dose interesting.
 someone come smoke  
 @crimeinsports smokey says if you see 20 people with torches going into the forest  think that is suspicious 
 last night i smoked my first high cbd low thc joint and omg im sold. i felt amazing afterward and slept like a goddamn baby. cannabis4pain
 @etahpopa smoke weed
 where there is smoke there is fire you will be burned white house pushes back on reports that u.s. easing russian  
 someone ft me while i find a view to smoke this joint at lmao.
 yeah fab and don q smoked this dont run remix.
 just asked my mom if she wanted to smoke a joint and she said yes 
 dogs on marijuana not cool   
 someone come smoke with me im stressed 
 @musicnegrito ok  but what about smoked weed and got high
 someone needs to smoke that muthafucker
 ill be back on periscope around 7 smoke and vibe with me
 in fine print.. we all smoke its ok  
 i rode my bike past the panhandler w the sign reading why lie i need weed 
  stfu i dont want your conversation  rolling marijuana thats cheap vacation 
 so ill make you a couple of fire ass beats if you smoke me out
 omg i thought kara was pulling out a cig to smoke but when she passed it to me it was a joint and thats true friendship right there
 when the terramater smoke is too loud for the groundhog to see its shadow  groundhogday 
 @cfulgham and at weeding out the staff that wouldnt be ok with ratcheting up the racism 
 someone bring my mom to champaign to see me tomorrow in exchange for free food and weed 
 we all smoke its ok
 some people think that anyone who uses cannabis is a pothead. the reality is that a lot of 
 if you heat empty pan  then add a little oil and get pan to the point where you see a little smoke  nothing will st 
 we all smoke  its ok i love it  
 lucky32  movies  and a smoke session with shorty on valentines day .. we need some sex but thats for another tweet.
 if smokey sees his shadow  do we get 6 more weeks of winter break
 someone bring me some weed to kumori  asap
 holy smokes. i cant wait. scandal 
 totally paranoid now we have large quantities of hemp oil from kyle turley and now the coos are here 
 uh oh weve consumed large quantities of hemp oil thanks kyle turley and now the cops are here @dukesandbell929 
 rolling my weed minding mines 
 someone smoke with me idc who it is lol 
 want my landlord to come pick up the rent already so i can smoke out
 wait  his malia shirt says we all smoke  its ok  
 to anna telling her to smoke a blunt before school  
 rolling smoke is in the house carlandchellesgrillroom rollingsmoketour plowology 
 someone smoke this doob w me 
 some deliver weed and a wood
 someone deliver weed and a wood
 @goddesshelly i would love to watch you smoke
 new show to watch on netflix not shameless  weeds  oth  gilmore girls
 bout to chill at the spot and smoke a whole 7 and watch movies
 today sucked so bad. someone please come over with food or weed
 leaving the demonstration in bk reeking of marlboro golds ambient smoke  not mine and brimming with pride for my 
 vibe smoke relax .... qampa about new music and projects . hell just vibe
 vibe smoke relax .... qampa about new music and projects . hell just vibe 
 someone come smoke i got 
 we all smoke  its ok  
 @signedb yes and smoke dates but thats all.
 someone come eat their feelings and smoke a blunt and watch movies w me sos im sad all r welcome swing by
 burch nails a 3  weedin takes a charge. sc 56  shs 52  404 remains
 blow your smoke to fog up the mirrors
 very scary when someone sees smoke coming out of the manhole at the gas station. westbroadway 
 hunter weedin hits two free throws shs 6460 16.6 remains dragons ball.
 once i meet a guy that can smoke to kevin gates with me ill fall in love  until then its just me amp lyv
 i got the malia we all smoke  its ok shirt  
 smokes weed once and already thinks hes a bad mofo.
 nelly frutado was a smoke show
 @cnn @senjohnmccain just watch how he votes.  thats what counts. otherwise it is just smoke and mirrors.
 stop telling me im too pretty to smoke cigarettes. your words mean nothing
 @hannahesargent gonna buy a weedin ring for u
 im trynna smoke to kelly price. that junt vibing
 do u smoke for snapchat or because you like to smoke 
 whens the weeding  
 some good sex and good weed would be niceeeeeeee rn 
 can someone just come over and smoke pls
 comeover and smoke
 dogs on marijuana not cool 
 someone to smoke with 
 @bigsean drop your album already so i can smoke and vibe to it
 sna  sick pornfunk band from bc aha we used to bump this when we would smoke weed in high school  
 im so bored someone come over and smoke with me
 someone talk to me while i smoke
 someone smoke me out
 someone bring me tree  ill smoke it w you 
 nice weeding. ..all you need is love 
 aka someone come smoke with me
 sees instagram post about someones need for weed breaks neck
 ok now i need to smoke
 fuck love  just smoke weed. mary never cheat you  mary not a back stabbing bitch thatll lie and deceive you fla 
 everytime someone comes over i always get them to smoke with me  no matter who it is
 @noconversions @atruejoker i dont argue about weed...low profit and waste of time in modern society
 if thats a cop  im eating the blunts amp your shoving the rest of the weed up your snatch gav 
 bring me food amp ill smoke you out hours
 wasting all that weed smh. 
 been doing nothing but weeding. ready to plant some seeds  water em  and watch something beautiful bloom
 yes real evoo doesnt smoke when you fry. almost a 400degree smoke point email us for details 
 if i had a rillo id totally smoke rn 
 @mixhaaa rolling smoke bbq
 we all smoke  its ok.
 wish i had someone to smoke this weed with sigh 
 oped | legalize recreational cannabis or become a flyover state  
 add smokepurpp an xxxtentcion an its lit 
 hory smokes. these jeans are so huge now...
  @ weed crossroad  alabama 
 someone smoke with me 
 someone smoke w me before class im sad
 we all smoke  its ok
 since when has love become such a bad thing hating weeds amp loving flowers is a bad observation when it comes to 
 nigga who you telling come lets smoke neo 
 @mooshushu @tripprrr @jena4n @hippieoflove @weedessence @norstackk @evl420 @mypottles @kirklandw @boobsnweed @brad420  smoke on baby
 someone smoke with me plz
 box 1757 e21 is on scene with smoke showing from the top floor of a 2.5 stry wdfrm omd.
 @bandrsn7071 @theonlymorgz @chaelsonnen @frankshamrock  100 u can get as high as you want to w cannabis oils. my cbd is 11 ration w thc
 someone smoke w me
 did you leave for battery with your weed  in your leather looking like greg kinnear
 somebody bring me panera bread soup and ill smoke you tf down and you can watch me play chel all day
 @robertfife @globeandmail this is smoke  mirrors and lies.
 its ok we all smoke
 @librariantiff with collections  less can be more. weed your collection make sure what is on the shelf is what they want to read csla17
 i neec someone to smoke with me
 excited to be opening for @joshwolfcomedy feb 1618th at helium comedy club. come to one of the shows and bring all of your weed.
 @theb0snian benefit of being short i can sneak around like a ninja. leaving only clouds of weed smoke behind lol
 @ayelibs you are a smoke show
 @aritunechy lmaooo i watched her smoke a blunt while bryson tiller was preforming 
 @cdctobaccofree just try to see it  from my point of view  im  allergic to cigarette smoke. 
 someone smoke me out
 @xxxrachelroxxx my prayers have been answered my homie is coming to pick me up to day from the 12 way house to smoke a joint h drink a beer
 its the diff bw someone goin want to smoke on my boat amp watch bojack horseman and goin lets snort lines all nite  then ill kill u.
 my mom just asked me if i wanted anything at the smoke shop.  uhhhhh. yeah a new bong.  as ifffffffff  gmfu.
 .@gop always looking for new ways to blow smoke on climatechange  @climatereality @350 @climatesocial @billmckibben
 in nc  docs smoke while operating on you 
 perle webb how did i get weed in my hair oh
 someone smoke sum weeds w me  my weiny is workin
 sgt just asked me if i used to smoke a lot of pot. then i asked him if dabs counted. he made me do push up .....
 bitchhh lets smoke 
 sex  intimacy  and cannabis womengrow cannabiscommunity cannabisismedicine livehigh 
 hey smoke show @katelyncrowee 
 the trump administration is smoke amp mirrors. and the smoke amp mirror vendors have yet to be paid. fraud deception 
 plant your hope with good seeds  dont cover yourself in thistle and weeds.
 cannabis censorship on social media slows down the destigmatization of cannabis. @laurenjgibbs at womengrow summit 
 just let me fuck you whenever  smoke with me  netflix with me  and munchies with me and i promise ill be your baby 
 consumer alert blatantly false advertising. it should be illegal that theres no weed in these. 
 lmaooo we all smoke  its ok @chancetherapper love this maliaobama itsok 
 @airbornmartin cool in that they eventually kill the people who smoke them and exhale into the breathing space of nonsmokers  yes.. i agree
 @myrudy321 just smoke and mirrors 
 i wish someone just wanted to bring me weed and food. thatd be fun
 yesterday i weighed out my weed and it came out to 6.66 hahahah 
 lets train smoke newports and watch movies
 someone has to smoke w me right now
 knoxville... accident 1 someone got rear ended or ran into someone behind me. lol saw smoke and peices flew. sucks to be them. intraffic
 takeaway from cannabis amp sex @greenflwrmedia cannabis helpfl 4 desire  arousal  orgasm amp satisf in women mmj 
 mexico citymumbai smoke amp mirrors  eddie abreu @ninefiveed has a way with cocktails and smoke. 
 bring love  bring weed
 we smoke out the bag  yall smoke out the baggies
 foenem got smoke for the low low
 i smoke alot of gas  drink alot of syrup
 man im just tryna smoke with someone
 @ursulav damn i wish i had that impulse. but if you want a challenge  i have a yard in durham that needs a good amount of weeding amp help 
 is there someone in north alabama that could bring me a smoke i havent had one in 4 days. ugh.
 same goes for next time i wanna fall in love. someone needs to square up and smoke me in the jaw and tell me t
 @mela713 loves @gabrielmacht maybe you should say hi or high tip o the hat to harveymike smoke episode... 
 someone come over and smoke with me 
 heavier malt amp alcohol mellows the smoke  but thats not to say there isn... gratzer czar  photo
 why is @daflippaman verse off of no smoke 
 this is why i dont smoke. side effect of heightened dog appreciation i do not need that 
 i feel so old i had a 16yr old boy ask me if i smoke and if i wanted to chill with him bruh
 i disliked a @youtube video from @mythwacky  smoke break. vlog
 @johnnybcomedy @geoonair @annahummelradio i pray one of boys play in the nhl to see hemp on the back of a jersey. 
 amp im drinking vodka with my baby hitting weed out the bong
 @trinitythetuck please come to @axisclub ill smoke you up crushinghard
 meyour cig smoke is going in my face.  taylorsmokes attracted to beauty.
 someone come over lets smoke
 i dont drink soda everyday but interesting tweet from someone that smokes cigarettes  
 came to smoke with my cuh @joefux 
 all i wanted since i was six i wanted to smoke with quentin but oppurtunitues was missin but ill do it boy aint kiddin
 @eddiecastle21 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 @mmpadellan please pay me in weed  thank you
 jocelyns apple watch went off and the hand she has her watch on was holding the grinder and she spilt all the weed 
 tschad from kappa kappa psi can smoke this diccc
 its funny cause i havent met a single colorado native who is a weed snob or dab snob lol its the pricks who move here are the real issue
 we all smoke  its ok
 looking good katie nice looking bag of weed too. plenty of specials heading your way. magnoliawellness sativa 
 i dont smoke weed to look cool fool i do it to calm my nerves
 someone smoke me out plsss 
 someone smoke w me
 just got handed cockring like a weed transaction
 we all smoke  its ok
 the kid just came from 100.3 smoke season radio station big things soon to come in the works for heat st cloud and block bezzle hbe
 @sarahspain smoke show
 how to properly clean your grill. pay attention.  @ bbqr916 smokehouse and brewpub 
 @yungslav oh word they smoke weekd
 son my weed man take credit cards   its lit 
 someone smoke w me
 can someone smoke up and watch kung fury for me sober af right now and wish i could appreciate it lmao
 someone come smoke with me 
 yo life is a process of weeding out. thats allllllllll it is
 manny made plans for next friday when i go see him   gym  smoke  lego movie
 i just wanna be layed up with you while we watch scandal amp smoke blunts til we pass out..
 someone smoke with me 
 vodka and weed
 back to the future is a great movie to watch while you smoke 
 this is why i weed through the negativity on social media. congratulations brother 
 @xxxrachelroxxx ure my good luck charm i tell u i want a joint amp beer 20 min it shows right after naaa class i love you oh weed fairy 
 which is true or false once a looser always a looser once a smoker always a smoker once a fool always a fool once a liar always a liar
 ok whos ready to smoke
 stretch marks  smoke  and melanin
 someone please explain how i wake up and my apt reeks of weed
 someone smoke with meee
 woman unhappy with weed dealers price hike  calls cops to complain aol. you can see why trump @realdonaldtrump doesnt trust australians.
 ok time 2 smoke
 dude someone bring me breakfast and ill smoke you out
 @sadlycatless smoke a cig  itll sufficate the bacteria.
 honestly at this point im just waiting for weed to be recriminalized so i can start flippin ps for 4k a piece. thanks president trump
 i smoked so many blunts that weekend i lost my voice  tbellin
 houston got the stars out today downtown lit af for features  booking  and any other information contact smokedoutent2014@yahoo.com
 someone bring me a skin  ill smoke you out lol
 someone come over with some weed and entertain me and bev
 why do people think its cool to show off that you smoke
 @yankeemegs i totally read that as cannabis.
 @macyarnett bring a blunt and smoke one for him
 someone sell me weed plz
 character cantmakethisup @ cheap smokes 10 
 came to work   smoked a blunt n walked around since someone had to buy me a rillo clocked in n now im eating  thats my morning wby
 i have some shitty weed in my pocket  if someone wants to get it out and smoke it thatd be cool
 i wish i had someone to always smoke with 
 luciwho text you meraindrop  luciwho medrop top luciwho text you mesmokin weed and bamboo sippin on private stock luci bombs on me
 i wanted to smoke yesterday and someone drunk convinced me to smoke a swisher
 @xxxrachelroxxx and u are the weed amp beer fairy
 @paulkrugman @mtinamorgan   do we have to call him socalled  when hes already not my president already already .... smoke is gud
 yall just smoke for show  ...wasting all the nutrients lol
 a plane ticket to la is cheaper then an ounce of weed.
 i just want a girl thats down to watch movies and smoke at the crib..
 can i smoke someone out for a ride home please 
 i think its hella sexy when i tell shorty come over lets smoke  amp she be like  cool  ill bring an 8th.
 @sixtusa 1st and last rental w you today. been waiting 15 min in smoke already. website is deceptive. @flytpa pls e 
 i wish someone would visit me so they could really see my environment. come smoke cigs off the roof. watch netflix 11 floors up. solitude.
 if youre reading this  go smoke some weed you deserve it
 can it be spring already so i can be in sky valley w my friends and tons of weed 
 grandma watches a show call weediquette
 i get obnoxious when im drunk which is why i prefer weed
 im really trynna to smoke and watch movies tonight
 @crispin212 @jaredoakey12 @jaykupp thats the cig room for when its too cold outside to smoke
 can someone bring weed and spend the night with me i have food
 blowing marijuana thats a true vacation
 kavin just looked @me and whispered you smoke weed.. and then said im very high low key... ok
 silace on season 4 of weeds gtgtgtdaddy
 all up in smokesee yall tonight @clubdv8la with a hookah and bottleservice our 
 man i just want someone to come over and smoke weed with me in my living room tn
 steve is filling in for me tonight at 9 at les amp doreens  1301 e susquehanna  fishtown smokefree will be back n 
 someone please come kick it and smoke with me
 cloud of smoke from fireworks clearing as people clear bradenton riverwalk. bradentonregatta 
 you got money for weed but you dont got it for a tooth brush crayola mouth
 someone i dont know just commented on my ig thanks for the weed btw and i love it
 jacked by herbdanilion the weed fairy
 weston comes out to help me weed the garden and immediately finds a fourleaf clover. luck of 
 but maybe him and his homegirl can smoke again 
 someone please come over w madden for xbox one. ill smoke you out
 just reading this new voter info pamphlet. umm  los angeles department of marijuana regulation. yeah. this a hilari 
 my family trying to hook me up with someone and he smokes dope. thats perfect  alrightie.
 someone bring me weed and a backwood for 
 @talkingbiznews @dinagusovsky @chrishorymski im honored chris. same tweet as devos and cannabis. 
 someone come swoop and lets smoke
 @mac4264 @youtube @nhra whos your guy standing behind the car eating all the tire smoke chris  mykindofguy 
 idk how most people have a pile of empty water bottles after they clean theyre room...i always have a pile of empty weed baggies
 thats what weed is for 
 home alone  smoking weed amp watching the @peoplevsoj  movie on @netflix . i know how to celebrate my birthday eve. havingameparty
 real smokey vibe
 @aetv livepd has marijuana become more pungent and concentrated from 40 years ago how do you smell it when not lit
 @sarahksilverman go smoke more weed  shave your excess hair amp btw u have not been funny since jimmykimmel dumped your sorry ass 
 well someone come smoke with me at least
 cant rly say this. having watched weedencassel.. zeke doesnt run for 1600155.1 without a starting level qb. u 
 soo i was watching peoples snapchat story and my nieces were watching with me and someone had weed in their story and they were like ..
 sure was a good morning couple big birds get ready smoker here i come @laurelmtman @cementhauler99 
 dogs on marijuana not cool 
 need someone to come into my life who likes to smoke a lot of weed amp isnt on some dumb shit
 holy smokes this stuff is amazing 
 someone to cuddle  watch movies with  amp smoke ls the rest of the night would be 
 acapella shows are just as amazing live as i thought theyd be. holy smokes.  icca
 someone come smoke with me
 tryna smoke naked come tip 500 to watch linkinbio 
 @jimmyjohns my mom used to smoke weed with you and i dont think its fair that you dont deliver to my address. its only 2 miles away. hmu
 someone smoke w me ill swoop you 
 @trishshirlaw @amandamanitoba smoke weed
 i drove kylie and i all the way to camp one so we could smoke and we didnt bring a lighter. whos mans are we
 jenna  damnit im beautiful. smoke show dominic  well someones self confident
 can somebody bring me some weed amp a rello 
 just finished weeds on netflix and im heartbroken 
 someone come over and smoke me out pls
 what would possess someone to think let me put some weed on my square nigga that square cancels out the weed
 @roastbattle @realjeffreyross youre a hilarious roaster but why did you look like a baby hamster thats on chemo amp just smoked a bowl 
 someone come pick me up and smoke a blunt with me 
 im going prop 64 rally smoke for the overtime...durant still sleepwalking
 who got extra tickets hml well link and smoke a couple xan blunts 
 this bitch on snapchat smoking wasting all the smoke 
 my dad is the first family member of mine to use any type of social media and now hes aware that all i do is plan parties and smoke weed
 why would i want to watch the original movies actors when i could be watching burr write in his notebook and smoke a pipe svengoolie
 these nighas mad i wont roll jays with my weed. nooo  nigha im not. yessss i only smoke blunts
 someone smoke with me 
 they teach you how to plant weed in kindergarten.
 if you smoke cigs you dirty af idc
 somebody bring me some rillos and ill smoke you out
 facetime smoke sessions 
 my hair smell like straight up weed  ill wash my hair in the morning
 lol bring me a wood ill smoke with you 
 @thedreamline someone decided to bring out weed too. i have nothing inherently against it  but the combined smells were diabolical.
 ok but has anyone died from weed  no ok thn. my case has rested.
 who can bring me weed rn 
 sports talk in a bible study class yes if only @cecren will bring smoked chicken wings. transformers @rochesterrcc 915a room 232
 @seanathom wow  you are an amazing writer  holy smokes 
 holy smokes naw im about to cry. this boy is utter greatness 
 man  i am looking forward to the superbowl today i didnt know you liked football. behind cloud of smoke what
 listening to the weeds soundtrack because i just cant get enough. ihavewatchedtheseries4timesnow
 @maikiarmani taste like smoke  honestly its only a slight step above eampj and thats the dirty
 @delta nothing like starting your morning in 1st class on dl1834 by finding someones smokeless tobacco spit in a bottle in your seat back
 856 am someones smoking weed in the laundromat good morning california
 i will always need time money information and weed for sex.
 theres cat hair in my weed
 @childoflight51 no worries. sometimes its good to start over. weed and block at any intuition. i never follow someone wno followers.
 who knows how to cornrow i need two braids after i wash my hair. ill smoke with you 
 @hightimesmag is he smoking marijuana oh ok... let me know when the nfl catches up to reality ok. ill maybe care about football
 lets be romantic and smoke some dro blunts together   word to titaaaa
 someone come over n smoke amp ill make you food 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 they used to let you smoke in bars in new orleans and i loved it. lt. korn wallace aka korn
 im just tryna smoke geez 
 i shouldnt tell yall this  but the key to weightless is smoking weed and ignoring the munchies. go straight to sleep. watch it fall off.
 if alcohol doesnt warrent consequence  weed shouldnt. that said  if someone is willing to pay me millions not to 
 she rolling weed
 @hightimesmag pegs tom price not sessions the real legal marijuana enemy    womengrow 
 someone swoop me and ces and smoke with us
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 i smoke weed btw
 no matter the outcome tonight way too many cheating scandals around brady amp ne. no smoke without a fire. if they can cheat they will.
 @nfl show behind the scenes  dont forget all the cheating scandals. no smoke without a fire. thats the true ne amp brady story
 @relldot dont get smoked fool
 will falling cannabis prices hurt marijuana stocks  the motley fool  
 @hopetgod  i got some good looking weed girl
 i just want a day with an awesome hike  weed  my friends  music and good food.
 someone comeover and smoke with me
 theres dog hair in my weed cuz i dropped it on my friends carpet 
 @cbcnews lets tone down the virtue signalling and face reality. trump is only interested in weeding out hate. 
 i wish someone would come over and smoke me out until i died
 i just remembered my wallet  a mini moet bottle amp my weed stash is in my purse  hurtn rn
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 please help bring peace to our nation..american muslins step up help us weed out the radical ones.. 
 they watched the video and got me smokes lollll
 bro come to san diego @ohgeesy  ill bring a zip to smoke @shorelinemafia  @fenixflexin
 heres hoping those @atlantafalcons smoke those @patriots
 where can i go watch this game at ill smoke w ya
 when r. kelly made sex weed 
 @markjosephevans plz email if youre serious  ill sell you 6 000 mugs and buy 6 000 of marijuana to smoke
 movong from colorado was a huge mistake i jusrlt wanna smoke
 who tryna smoke hookah and watch the game w meee
 finns smoke a couple then watch this game
 when ur dad calls and asks if its ok that he smokes the joint he rolled for you.... well i wanted it but sure 
 someone smoke w me
 my nigga if you love music  movies  anime  or weed we already homies.
 wish i had someone to come over and smoke with and just talk to all night .
 ok. @febrezefresh for the win. steamboat smokestacks.
 @remghar may be weed talking but i want to drool in your mouth while hanging suspended over u with a system of pulleys like that cell movie
 @willsinge smoke a blunt with me after your boston show
 i want someone to come smoke me out. i got pizza otw
 this va weed is cool
 @bkakma @jonmichaelolse1 @unirepublican yes  after the weeding comes composting
 why on earth do you open the roof and shoot off fireworks then close it as the smoke settles in the stadium co detectors are flipping out
 superbowl can someone open the roof and let all the smoke out from the halftime show patroits doyourjob
 everything she named all sounded like weed 
 @shaunking ok shaun  im about to smoke
 you refer to the sons replicating their fathers success theresm mystery if its smoke and mirrors  
 @dannyprovo @garrigusmarie fair enough but its smoke and mirrors. even the koch brothers are starting to get concerned
 all louisville niggas do is smoke  snapchat and eat indis
 love is a smoke raised with the fume of sighs being purged  a fire sparkling in lovers eyes. neslihans 
 we really dropped the boys off at the bar to get drunk while we go smoke a couple blunts  thats college..
 its all smoke and mirrors
 all i smell is cheap perfume and gin and smoke and lies.
 someone should smoke me out 
 someone come smoke with meee
 chris griffin definitely smokes weed
 if you provide the rillo  they gotta smoke with you. thats law.    @tominiquee
 im bored asfuck and i want to smoke
 and some weed  so i can be midlevel instead of low nor high
 @aystubbs tbh tody is teh first time i smoke dat lettuce so shhhhh. been shmokin d
 someone smoke with me
 asking my coworker if he wants kids no we have a dog  two cats  a snake and a weed plant and thats already to much for us
 if someone smokes every day  cool. their decision. if they read the bible everyday  cool. their decision. why is everybody always judging
 hundredstory foodgrowing tower is dream of weed entrepreneur  
 puffin that white smoke
 duhh weed 
 thats rolling marijuana
 any weed mans up on campus
 just when outside to smoke a j with my hubby in the snow 
 late night   smoke cbd. productivity will go way up
 im all the way fucked up someone come roll my weed
 all louisville niggas do is snapchat  smoke  and eat indis
 someone to smoke with whenever and someone to get money with.. its not that  
 jim   why dont you ever speak about the marijuana sector erbb one of the hottest tech stocks. its going to go bo 
 anyone who is hoping for a reconciliation or bipartisanship is smoking weed right now  says @govrichardson. 
 i always smoked with someone who did 
 monday morning vibes at the wild side smoke shop at 209 e liberty in beautiful downtown ann 
 so my weed flew out of my car when i was leaving my neighborhood this morning....
 my apartment is fully stocked with groceries  cleaninglaundry supplies  ganja and clean clothes. its a good week already
 @katepurchase so you like to bully brietbart.  can you do the same to @justintrudeau for his electoral reform lie or marijuana lie 
 @ajabgreen rumor is that someone tried to smoke a blunt 
 @mmfa there is no backup plan its all smoke amp mirrors and about eradicating obamas legacy.
 they growing weed in the back yard in mexico.. lol
 eggzackly but any season is a great season to chill in the house and smoke weed 
 i will not rest until i see the truth in me s p amp me cannabiswellness
 in all honesty i think what happened to me is that the marijuana is finally allowing me to consume the proper goddamn nutrition.
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 @allialexander yes it should because too many smokers are very young. i see all over especially on public transport 
 forever wishing it was ok to kidnap @y0derr from school so we can smoke
 holy smoke  thats my snake  days
 holy smoke thats my snake @thaaopenghlis @deidrehall hattie @kjalfonso @nbcdays days dool 
 drowning in smoke
 i smoke 3.5 a day ok ill always be away
 someone smoke me out 
 i just had a smoke session in the back of a bentley
 of the 30 people in court  10 were there for marijuana  legalize it already.
 bring me some food ill smoke u out 
 well i got the day off  someone come over and smoke with me
 if you smoke while youre pregnant your baby comes out wearing a tshirt and jeans looking cool as hell.
 @wvmorgantown id like to add being able to smoke it at outdoor seating at a restaurant to that list of things i dont support
 we all smoke  its ok
 judiciary committee will have jurisdiction on all matters regarding marijuana. @tsegerblom is chair of that committee. 8nn nvleg
 i smoke gas  thats that hercules
 i need some pics done today . will pay   will smoke w ya ass. wassup 
 ill bring a roach we can all smoke on. good enough 
 @mayojason holy smokes  how cool is this  so happy for you jason.  go get em 
 yea well u just shouldnt smoke at all... lol always somethin i used come 2 the crib off a perk 10 bent off henny amp smacked 
 when you smoke the herb  it reveal you to yourself gongday  blessed  to my everlasting big 
 ilikepeoplewho smoke with me smokeweedeveryday
 its ok  everyone smokes weeds.
 its ok  everyone smokes weed.
  smokeddark grey 
 @geraldorivera the city  gives money  to fed please explain. ur mouth  is in gear. ur brain is still in cloud of pot smoke.
 who down to just smoke n watch some movies 
 should go get bobs  wash my hair roll my weed and find a movie on netflix to watch 
 i will smoke a blunt with anyine who will bring food hahaahaah
 someone come smoke w me
 i literally just fell off the treadmill at @planetfitness watching this. holy smokes @kingjames 
 kyrie just killed john wall with that crossover. holy smokes.
 vanessa is crazy holy smokes 
 when people post photos of their marijuana on social media 
 i wrote about medical marijuana  abortion  health insurance  cabinet confirmation votes and internet lies today. 
 bitches looking for a smoke out while dudes looking for a quick nut  vice versa
 @ftrain on glance  i read late capitalism is weed and thought  ok.
 i wont pay for more than point value on weed unless its from berners exotics  only time ill pay 55 an 8th
 someone pleasassee come smoke with me.. fuck 
 somebody bring me a pacc of rellos ill smoke witchu 
 someone told me i looked like uncle andy from weeds.....i dont see it
 someone smoke meth with me
 stop selling weed on social media 
 @realdlhughley smoke  mirrors
 @fox5sandiego lol jordan said medicinal or good ole fashion marijuana  cannibasconfidential
 i like satire spot on. gop adds new and creative meaning to the word hypocrisy gop lost in the weeds of humanity 
 52 yrs ago tonight...country on the lawrence welk show dont fence me in lennons  smoke  smoke  smoke that cigarette larry hooper
 @teshateesh not burned nor did they smell like smoke. the son of god will show up in your trials. he will bring you out. you will not look
 about to start sending iris smoke signals or something
 need my weed card smh someone sell me a dub rq in downtown la or ill come to u sos
 roll that marijuana thats a cheap vacation....
 no stressing no nota im weeding 
 someone smoke me out already. weeds legal now. ugh
 @williamw1997 come smoke a cig with me pls
 high off the weed low eyes no visine
 i need a guy who loves watching movies who loves smoking weed and wants to be my bestfriend and lover
 @govmattbevin @kychamber @wordpressdotcom please start with cannabis. bring this billion dollar industry to the bluegrass state.
 who told yall it was cool to sit on snapchat and smoke all dayi am confusion fr
 @zonemadison smoke and mirrors all liesfire ted same song and dance
 starting to believe i smoke a eighth or more a day 
 good friends make great memories debraomara kayaking weedonislandpreserve sweetwater @ weedon 
 bruh stop wasting weed on snapchat. stop tryna be public potheads.
 count bands with my shorty an smoke good weed
 trump is ryans essential smokescreen for his social security dismantling 
 @altusfws  smokey resist t  shirts being sold. is this ok
 happy birthday to my actual young seed @treypinder .. you already know we gonna smoke sum and the turn up this wee 
 please stop telling me how hard u r working on ur game when u  spend so much time with girls chillin on social media hangin or smoking weed
 baskin robbins w this weed ht  32 flavors  lets get medicated. legal  @ baker  denver 
 happy birthday to my actual young seed @treypinder .. you already know we gonna smoke sum and the turn up this wee 
 i just want someone to smoke with
 me telling my family the hundreds of benefits that marijuana has 
 @hemphelps @simplycannabis everything oil can do hemp can do better cannabiswellneshempbetterplanet @dublinhempco @hippieoflove
 going smoke a joe and watch the rain lol
 for now on im not rapping to a nigga ima just glass you or smoke your dumb ass with no hesitation onmydaughter
 just weeding out the toxic people
 i love when it rains smoke a blunt in my room and order food watch netflix  .
 below the earth  below concrete the whole world shackled 2 my feet.how i feel without cannabis @hippieoflove @kirklandw @mrwizkhallifa
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 @toddmeininger @billrisser @ryanbokros @ufpedro holy smokes. that was not what i was expecting. cc @mikerandall72
 did i just see on tv someone throw a bag of weed at tom brady hahahaha awesome  patriotsparade
 i love unt lmfao there can be a sign that says no smoking and someone will smoke right infront of that sign
 the key question  how to use cannabis for therapeutic benefit. project cbd created cbd users manual for just that 
 someone come smoke me out 
 @digitaltourbus holy smokes dtb is following me  what an amazing day i watch all of your videos on youtube  you guys are the best
 @betterduck try looking at tags this time... 100 organic cotton  rayon  tensel  hemp are biodegradable but polyester isnt
 add my snap  all i do is this and smoke... daniaandrea 
 cars blow bad fumes inthe environmentampwe smoke bunts  ampblow good fumes in the environment thats why global warmings bullshit k brandon 
 regrann from thegoldenstatelabs    sacramento tap in we got rigs available tag a smoke shop 
 whos trying to come binge watch the travel and cooking channel with me on this couch and smoke weed while i procrastinate on music 
 this is why libraries weed their collection. keepingitreal  librarylife libraryloversmonth 
 i dont . i smoke a few blunts have sex dust myself off amp get byke to me. 
 retweet if you want cannabis amp cbd to be removed from the deas schedule i classification to enable safe access  ba 
 well if youve been true  you better look me in the eye  cause all i smell is cheap perfume amp gin amp smoke amp lies
 i just want someone to smoke w me babe
 low key i just dont like smoke purpp he seems like a snake i can see it in his eyes
 all i want is someone who i can smoke w all the time and pig out after 
 @ppfa idefy the evil  lies  corruption of your healthcare smokescreen shame 
 someone come over amp smoke this blunt w me
 im tryna smoke a phat doobie
 the parade was gr88 i had two people use my umbrella as a smoke dome 
 @wral why is there smoke all over jordan lake
 i love reading and weeding
 to extinguish a behavior in someone  ignore it. media  try this with trumps tweets if you want to smoke him out of hiding behind his phone.
 that was the day and i thought voters have to see hes just smoke n mirrors 
 my weed man always telling me about his sexual escapades. idc.
 someone come over and smoke a big ole blunt with me
 im annoyed i didnt get to smoke a joint this morning and the alina baraz tickets are sold tf out.
 that would be cool if i smoked  
 @ogkadin smoke one lagged yesterday
 so whos trynna take this walk and smoke this bean with me....of course ill bring the pit.
 drinks by the fire at the wicked weed. asheville
 i guess i just want ever be cute wheres the smoke @ mobile  alabama 
 lady gaga is still an absolute smoke show. idbangher
 how sad is it going to be when we smoke but cant cuddle together after and watch a movie fucktheflupart500000
 need someone to smoke this doobie with 
 amp if i smoke this blunt   well yunno the rest 
 someone come over n smoke a blunt and watch movies 
 arizona weed huff asl 
 mufuckas be thinking they goin come round me hoping they can smoke fo free lls i ah sit roght there like i aint got weed 
 now watching  ganja amp hess 1973 billgunn @ okc film society 
 im watching raw on my dvr i love goldberg entrance the way he breathes that smoke out is so cool 
 can someone bring me a rillo im just tryna smoke a blunt
 @hightimesmag its like origami with cannabis @hippieoflove @grampysmokeswd @kirklandw @mrwizkhallifa
 @seanvondary lol nah prob not all them smoke on the low
 headed to vegas right now for a cannabis show in the morning timetogeteducated champslvtradeshow
 whos trying to smoke and go watch a movie with me
 this game holy smokes lets go gamecocks  bamavsusc 
 the fricken stalling but a step closer to repairing my already repaired shoulder then my hand n wrist always my left side lol ty weed stigma
 someone please bless me with a smoke session 
 @wolfgangfaustx hope u bring truth to whoever it is where there is smoke there is always fire in dci am in the midwest i can see how it
 @ledabearxox @tyrniplannister lmao  ok  ok  it wasnt me... i just wanted to see smoke pour out of lillithlannisters ears for a moment 
 feel free to come smoke a blunt someone
 @johnnybcomedy @geoonair @annahummelradio i wanted to name one of my boys first name smoke middle name more. smoke more hemp.
 @wentworthweedle @cloneclubaus  weedle im not comfortable with your sass
 audience co housing prices up 17 since low in 2008  but only 5 in ut. maybe its time for medical marijuana utpol utdist18 townhall
 music  vodka  and weed for the evening...  ...and starting at the wall thinking av
 someone smoke with me
 @datsleepynigga low key heated.. but the homie just hit me to smoke. all is well in the universe lol
 someone facetime me while i smoke lool
 been waiting 4 yrs for @theofficialct to be back on @mtv the challenges and smoke the fools they put in front of him. legend
 fort collins come tru ill smoke you out in exchange for good vibes
 hey mongo  your white male supremacist is showing. go and smoke your peace pipe with your 13 followers blocked  
 ill be here  somewhere under clouds of marijuana
 totally just swallowed a piece of weed 
 totally just swallowed a piece of weed 
 @mauricioumansky is a smoke show
 well not no issues  but hate would drastically decrease like if ur gay  cool if u wanna smoke weed cool do u  its not ours to say
 @laurenduca @jaketapper allowing conway on the airways is like second hand smoke. i try to avoid her  but she will ultimately kill me.
 yall realky be rolling weed in anything 
 kelly way con anne whats her face looks like she could be in her early 50s but instead chose to smoke a pack a day so she looks late 60s
 my weeding day will be the best day of my life tbh 
 im telling ya sick of the fake ass weed mans 
 @submergingmkt i only know 2 charlottes web references... the animated movie and the cannabis treatment. hmmmmm.....
 need someone to smoke this blunt with tired of facing blunts
 legalize marijuana god graffiti graffitiwords graffitiword tagging tag graffitiart 
 legalize marijuana god graffiti graffitiwords graffitiword tagging tag graffitiart 
 @kidskys @lethalmnkenz @elevatebosco should had smoke some hash  im fine d
 i wish someone would come to nashua and smoke with me 
 i dont want to smoke because i cant watch netflix but i already packed my bowl so too late
 @onrgallery @gotransit i think the smoke goes up and back so they should be ok...but good question
 insomnia strikes but im prepared with weed amp sailor moon so im good
 @mikeandmike maybe the nba should start testing for weed....for the mgt. philvsmelo
 @adam4bent @sellis1994 its has 3  hard seeds  if planted september hard seeds will germ in spring. trophy a will smoke it in corn season
 i miss my bff and smoking weed with her  come with me to rillo friday
 ole waylon would sure be mad as hell if he knew they cuffed ole willie for smokin weed
 man if poochie smoked my weed out my pipe we hooking 
 remember when we used to smoke woodz in front of the babo sign at like 1030  
 think ill smoke and watch the entire season 6 of twd this weekend
 twitters going to start weeding out abusive tweets before you see them 
 @morganmetzzz weeding
 twitters going to start weeding out abusive tweets before you see them. 
 location discussion moves to churches today  whether social consumption of marijuana should be allowed at events in denvers holy spaces.
 drowning my problems with dense smoke
 deputy chief quinones current crime stats on marijuana wont help us with decision about social consumption
 for valentines day weed  amp movie  day
 unas mascot is supposed to be so ferocious until you walk on campus amp theyre roaring at weed eaters... 
 quinones we do not test for marijuana once someone has tested positive for alcohol
 @jasszymiin it sounds like the bastard child of chamomile tea. like someone didnt have chamomile so they grabbed some weeds from the garden
 happy to bring some pizza from @bostonpizza to our our friends at @braintumourfdn for this weed feeding frenzy. suc 
 im just so glad that baby didnt get smoked  ned yost
 @shellyifyanasty id totally buy you weed as a valentines day gift 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 pay attention voters. these are the vermin that need to be weeded out of @gop 
 dr. tony butterfield  a chemical engineer at @uutah showing off his smoke cannon to the village scholar leaders a 
 @dallasydg @mvptb12 @espnnfl tie breaker with dolphins you just got smoked on my last tweet so get lost till you get better followers
 ill smoke someone out to take me to work 
 yo weed come from mexico  my weed come from oakland  
 itll be interesting to see @corygardner grapple with jeff sessions commitment to undo marijuana legalization in colorado.
 come fuel up bogo hash grams all day. leave a 5 star review on weedmaps and recieve 2 pre rollz and dab
 @cleitisgone some good weed for someone
 weed in my nails  weed in my hair  im under a pell 
 dispensary named weed the people
 @typenetwork @dberlow @googlefonts  holy smokes thats fantastic.
 someone in my house smoked myfuckin blunt im gonna murder someone
 fuck that new add for t mobile about weed @tmobile  cunts
 faith is that weed or food in your hair probably both just leave it ill use it later
 someone explain to me why any mf around my age chooses to smoke squares 
 bout to smoke  eat and watch some lmn movies
 bring a football to my house and ill smoke you updownaround town
 just got hit with a cloud of someones cigarette smoke and i wasnt expecting it  i was just like 
 holy smokes 20 followers already  thats like eating 20 hotdogs in one day lol really appreciate it check out me channel on youtube 
 if you need to smoke smoke these smokefree frederickmd dmv urablankslate cheers valentinesday valentine 
 someone bring me a wrap   ill smoke with you.
 hearing my nigga jtap describe his weed preferences to duke from ny is like hearing a professor from an ivy league lecture.. gawwdamnn
 i should be on the cast of shameless. all they do smoke  curses  have sex and all while being broke.  this is my life
 re clean coal. mich. tech univ. developing advanced co2 smokestack scrubber in coordination with carbontec energy corp.  wdym
 today  a guy behind me is legitimately rolling blunts and masking the smell of marijuana with blueberry flavored t 
 its so weirdannoying living on campus and having to worry about hiding my weed and smoking when back home i didnt have to deal with that
 someone come over w food amp weed. we can cuddle amp watch netflix. 
 nevada senate judiciary committee meeting now. agenda includes medical and recreational marijuana programs 
 just trying to smoke a blunt and have some bomb sex
 can someone please tell me where to find that synthetic weed
 someone take me to dinos for a smoke up
 @realfpjr showtime dexter  homeland  shameless  califonication  weeds  ray donavan  house of lies amc  breaking bad  walking dead  mad men
 made a band before 3pm  ill smoke to that 
 amazing that they can turn marijuanas into vegetables these days 
 tonight womancrushwednesday  your 1 midweek spot to  smoke hookah  vibe  jam byob nocover 
 ag sessions a concern for cannabis investors dont let the media fool you us all i will say on that front.
 @thcnetworkinc will somebody tell me how many years is dueprocess  california past medical cannabis in 1996nc cannabisroycoopertruth
 i hate when i pick up weed and someone in the circle says shit like this shit weak like ok pothead wheres your dime bag 
 does paulryan smoke pot  on pbsnewshour his eyes were so glazedover they looked like mirrors.
 spending time weeding in the lpo slowcoast  scentgarden is always 
 anyone watch the asian guy that crushes librerals video thats being posted on facebook.. holy smokes pick up a book people
 just picked up  someone come through to crown heights and smoke with meee
 @nullcookies @emvandermeulen thought he was ok with weed too
 i only smoke that true stuff.
 can someone smoke with me
 great feature that came out on smokey 2 yrs ago in @livingblues  @cassiejfox @bluesfoundation @garyarea @dinahlynn
 only concern when theres an impending storm i need weed lol
 someone just smoked a maaaddd joint
 someone smoke with me
 @mmeseattle the states need to legalize universally for the versatile crop hemp is. incredibly versatile.
 basically napped all day long.  lars comes home from working all day and starts weeding the front yard while he still has daylight 
 told ya gotta buy cigarettes in case i become a smoker lmao @gascholisa @anncleckler @suestannett @nellybelle3379
 someone smoke me out pls and thanks
 i pick lil mama up amp put weed in the air now im smashing from the back amp pullin weave out her hair
 i pick lil mama up amp put some weed in the air now im smashing from the back amp pullin weave out her hair
 if she pays for her weed i swear ill marry her 
 @photodave2011 @hippieoflove heart healthy it will be. cannabiswellness
 @ouryoungaddicts alcoholawareness pm justin trudeau smokes potcanadas leader
 i smoke too much to be on twitter. i totally see that now. lol weed just wasted
 im honestly not one to judge but for someone to say to you that if you smoke im leaving boyyyyyy like what  so youre telling me 
 travel back to the 60s with modern day medicinal marijuana and watch some legendary bobby d acoustic show is what id do
 someone smoke w me
 @ianmcohen @abc7 the conservatives view on medicinaland recreational marijuana is so shitty
 @simplysabrinna yes u smoke properly lol
 fuzz band @ belmont house of smoke 
 need someone i can vibe amp smoke with
 @cnn how can our nation sit and watch these immigrants from mexico bring in all there marijuana  cocaine meth and watch them destroy us sad
 i just realized i have to smoke with chris so i can say chris is that a weed
 someone smoke w me
 i dont smoke but buy me this someone  thanks. 
 my drawing table has weed paraphernalia  snack wrappers and empty water bottles
 i keep a weed wacker for snake bros
 @skynews nominee y demoralizing  just came out of the weeds  wow
 @richellekathyrn build a house up on that ass  thats an asstate. roll me weed on it  thats an asstray
 @shaymitch yeah i totally still smoke btw.
 my favorite clear view of his is the kkk is good  aside from the weed 
 no weed high on zz quill
 i prefer it. i smoke myself  
 why are people so shady  like goddamn.. i could do a smokey eye with nudes lips and someone would @ me and ask for credit on the look.
 @mpascoe theres nothing scientific behind the laws regarding cannabis. all social and political.
 someone smoke w meeee
 no weed 2017 is goin well
 katie to me i dont eat salads. wtf do i look like eating giraffe food. you smoke leaves not eat them ok
 nails always cute when im rolling up this weed
 yoooo who can deliver some weed to the san fernando valley right now
 i love sex   weed amp money 
 @briabackwoods can facetime and smoke with me
 someone smoke with me
 gop lawmakers around the us push for restrictions on voting  from @ap weeding out fraud 
 someone come smoke with me
 can someone please come ov and smoke i need it
 words to the contrary its all lies  smoke and mirrors. its all the trump family knows how to do @ivankatrump 
 why did yall decide to smoke in the only bathroom in the school that has mirrors
 sex smoke amp vibe baby
 i showed my mom a pic of justin bieber and she said holy smokes reason 87492 i love her
 head downtown at noon today at the statehouse if you want to show support for legalizing medicinal weed here in indy.
 rollin marijuana thats a true vacation.
 @micccds i didnt let brennan come over yesterday cause i didnt wanna go anywhere and no one had weed so now im fake 
 @jilevin free ebook a marijuana mystery set in mendocino. 
 holy smokes 54 cm of snow in vancouver this season. yes  thats centimtres. check out this @macleansmag article. 
 as the son of a retired @assateaguenps employee i just love this smokey the bear resist tshirt 
 i hate when im sitting on facetime with someone and their smoke defector keeps chirping
 i just want sex and weed
 someone smoke amp get breakfast w me
 restaurants that deliver with legal weed are all holy shit i love  nationalpizzaday i bet. @realdonaldtrump two words tax revenue. weed
 at 1100 am  weedville elk co  pa social media reports snow of 4.00 inch ctp 
 thank you @ me yesterday for thinking of this weed pen for the snow storm. i am so thoughtful
 when ya weed man deliver 
 wish someone came through to smoke and watch movies w all dayy
 someone smoke me out
 when in doubt  add tequila. chipotle chicken tacos with smoked yup el jimador tequila salsa | 
 rip john walt  you was cool asl that one time we smoked w @sabapivot in the party bus behind @reggieslive. 
 can someone come over  cuddle me  smoke with me  and tell me im pretty cough cough @craneliza
 very true whats really going on smoke amp mirrors are blinding media they are on rabbit trials chasing what tru 
 watching weeds all day 
 someone smoke w me then take me to mcdonalds on valentines day
 who needs weed. hmu low prices good weed
 indy legalize marijuana for medicinal purposes
 lets not bring cannabis into this sht please. 
 getinvolved at wooten weeding wingding with its my park day  spring  volunteeraustin 
 riding around wilmington smoking good marijuana
 @oojimhamiltonoo   if someone smokes pot and doesnt harm anyone  why is it of your concern  @markantro
 i honestly hate working at soho smoke shop. they have shitty products at outrageous prices amp my boss is a dick
 smoking rolling reefer up  i adjust the tweakers up
 california had  cannabis for 21 years dueprocess for citizensofnorthcarolina should have equal opportunity by now 
 gorsuch in cahoots with @realdonaldtrump . his demoralizing statement about tweets are a smoke screen. fake campaign to show distance.
 someone scoop ill smoke with you
 to straighten my hair or to smoke first  
 someone come hangout with me im trying to smoke all my pot today
 yesterday i had like 8 marijuanas  @thurnisbailey
 put some weed in rice lets see if it dries it out since it was soaked in vodka lmao
 its all smoke n mirrors. dont get distracted 
 i dont see why i would have to lie about smoking weed and drinking alcohol just for the satisfaction of someone else.
 rolling up to smoke dolo. hellaboring . come fuck with me 
 vendor spotlight lovebudshop skincare products are specifically formulated using hemp seed oil 
 @obiwankanbogey @golfspyt well then  weeding my flowerbeds at lunchtime in sunny tejas doesnt feel like grunt work anymore.
 @potus @seanspicer edible marijuana scares me  it is concentrated pot oil  people do not know how high they will get as it is slow acting
 someone scoop ill smoke you up
 when your coworkers come back from a smoke break  cubelife
 ctfu diaha gone smoke me
 @vanessamarigold  i been watching @bongappetit so much..im in my cabinets looking for cannabis seasoning to cook my food right now 
 me amp mom at the doctor doc you drink smoke me uh no  mom you dont have to lie uhhhhh
 someone come scoop me and smoke this blunt with me 
 tryna figure out why they always leaving me my myself just so they can go run they mouth and smoke they cancer sticks
 watch weeds first few episodes drag but its such a good show 
 if someone made sage cigarettes i would smoke the fuck out of them.
 holy smokes @nellybelle3379 @suestannett @anncleckler @gascholisa @mistyherman72
 @nickdauphin this is coming from someone who doesnt smoke
 its smoke amp mirrors with this administration conwoman and conman say amp tweet ridiculous things  media distracted 
 karaoke night  come sing and smoke a hookah  and dont forget byob  and open till 2am. hope to see you there.
 someone check and see if a cartoonish puff of smoke and a train whistle are going off at the wh 
 if somebody wanted to come smoke blunts and make me soup it would be greatly appreciated thx
 someone smoke me ouuutttttttt
 shout out to the dudes smokin weed in the wells hall bathroom hope freshman year is goin well
 @indivisibleeb he chose most benign situation to respond to. smoke and mirroes
 @indivisibleeb but he chose the most benign situation to responds to.  smoke and mirrors.
 man i just need someone whose down to get scooped up smoke then hit the movies with me  why is that so hard to ask for
 @vancouverguero didnt @maestrodobel  add smoke to one of their tequilas
 @lildopamine getting smoked out gt sex
 someone smoke w me thanks
 dear @joss   can someone please tell me why spike can smoke a cigarette but angel cant give buffy cpr btvs season1
 still weeding out and unfollowing all the glee cast members i followed in college.
 @bravotv  holy smokes.  so hooked on this show already.  watched it twice.  great show.  looking forward to the season.
 legalizeitwisconsin@gmail.com petition email address  we need 1 000 000 who love weed to help us im tired of being isolated because of weed
 wish i had someone to smoke and watch scary movies with.. talk about the world and be just as weird as me 
 @kdj922 lol if anything he should be showing that weed off
 im going to watch thats 70s show and smoke aaaaa joint
 if you are going to smoke and post it on snapchat  please make sure you inhale that shit 
 they let them smoke  how irresponsible. 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 just want someone to smoke amp vibe with
 we must remember that everything that comes out of that white house is a lie or smoke and mirrors somehow  we need to be vigilant.
 bro come over... mom took my weed by we can still watch fractals on youtube
 bro come over... mom took my weed but we can still watch fractals on youtube
 thx @northstatebia @bardishomes nexthome 4 discussions on risk  innovation  creativity amp city cannabis regulations 
 well i ran out of rolling paper right when i wanted to smoke
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 i just listened to my mom yell @imjustdaanii and tyler not to do drugs then say ok well dont smoke it in the car 
 looking for the rest of the weed 
 feeling too thoughtful today. i dont have enough weed for this.
  glad that weve been hanging out recently  you fun to smoke w. potential bff.
 @skeletim vesperia had a wolf that smoked a pipe  i didnt really have a point to make here  but your tweets reminded me about that
 if all u do on snapchat all day is smoke im unadding yo ass go be productive
 when the smoke clears i still see clouds 
 someone smoke with me
 bodyhead bangerz  email us at imjustapromoter@gmail.com  roy jones jr.  i smoke  i drank dirty on youtube 
 @robparkerfs1 reports like the jealous phallus smoker he is.
 @520regulars @spearheadtc @jdredlegs @regular5actual they stopped reading after our second ubl of smoke pots cutoff mobilebsa
 looking for a lover w a weed card and a costco card i need u bb
 @ubersupport i didnt know smoking was not allowed for the drivers. perhaps you can send your drivers a friendly reminder to be smokefree.
 riding the el earlier today and i stood up and felt something under my foot... i was standing on someones forgotten dimebag of weed
 @10000youtubes hey zach can you send me your email wanted to request a correction to the article you covered the cannabis data  thanks
 you smoke thats why 
 always wanted to flame up la weed n la watching the scene n next friday wit uncle elroy rollin like havana. scratch that off my bucketlist
 i finally got the ok to smoke in the crib 
 wrote about @hmbldts new line of sex positive vape pens  which are a thing now because weed and 2017. 
 can someone who smokes cigarettes to be cool teach me how to smoke cigarettes to be cool
 our pal riley was the first to find smoke  enjoy your free poutine check our social media every 
 someone smoke w me b4 i rip my head off
 i see clouds of the smoke  ima blow clouds of the smoke 
 @cityofgulfport @bromanzier will he sign my pack of smokes
 ill smoke someone up if they take me to hampton 
 or you cool with the weed man  
 kellyanne conway broke the law.  a great grandmother friend of mine went to prison in ok for 6 months for being in a truck carrying weed.
 which of the trump children do you think pays the most for weed
 someone tryna smoke 
 give me good vibes and bomb weed
 @lexual thanks i did... just a run in with the law recently bc of weed has made life now hell for me and so many others so its like ok.
 we real shit kicked it while she did my hair. bruh i looked at my phone like its 4 wtf i got here at 11  smoked  watched shows 
 when someone asks if i know what marijuana is 
 someone smoke me out 
 mom what someone stole my credit card number and tried to buy weed me dealers take credit now
 someone should smoke me up tonight 
 shes a  republican thanks trump for weeding out these terrible human beings who voted for your friends. 
 someone come smoke this blunt w me
 @dgman006 thats shits been smoked up had to pick up again. 
 someone pull up with rellos amp ill smoke u up 
 some guy in a rainbow weed hat just tipped his hat at me like a cowboy lol
 i couldnt date someone that smokes cigarettes 
 firefighters arrived with heavy smoke showing from a single wide mobile home. creeksidecommand has knockdown on th 
 someone fix that canoeing ass j smh it hurts me inside you wasting weed while you talk tooooooooo just puff that sh 
 how do you blatantly ask someone if they smoke without coming off weird
 holy smokes @c9sneaky you are my new hero  @cloud9 amazing steal
 @itsericaashleyy come join me it starts in 30 minutes and already smells like weed
 being a stoner was only cool when marijuana was illegal
 weighed up so much weed w my feet up  we dont come in last 
 @braddjaffy its just smoke amp mirrors. he wants 2 take attn away from flynngate kellyanne. please focus on real issues inc russianhacking
 low on weed sos
 so can somebody bring me some weed
 is that a roll of weed being handed to trump 
 someone smoke with me 
 i thought i smoke alot  
 @kyleclark how much of that 129m marijuana revenue goes back out to police the social ills resulting from the open laws
 someone come over amp smoke with me
 just gunna smoke a couple blunts
 @catherinefloydd rocky mountain hemp  americann and advanced cannabis are the top ones hahaha
 some1 come smoke and watch parks and rec
 @cnnvan jones weeding out is ok  we must examine and perhaps even fear who does the weeding or we might have a savanarola inquisition
 order some pizza amp smoke a couple blunts
 someone to smoke with
 @knghnryviii you may know this already  but youre feature on the wall at wicked weed brewery in asheville  nc. 
 @joybeharswagg i just got weed amp cookies  i should be cool in a minute 
 hella smoke shesh tonight 
 yzerman hey pete  could you sign this for me i  peter chiarelli  agree to trade mcdavid for sustr. no way steve. yzerman smoke bombs
  holy smokes @aliciakeys you rocked it for sure smile
 my uncle stay sending me shit about lean amp weed.
 you smoke cigs wow thats so hot and totally not gross please post more about it im begging
 all i wanted was to do was smoke and chill but nooo
 @modsun come smoke with me my hip movie
 @modsun if you rolling with me then you better bring the smoke along
 someone smoke with me on facetime
 @fvckinqueen  watch and learn  this is how you smoke 
 just want to smoke a couple blunts  lay up  amp watch movies. 
 fbi cia mediapress democrats hire women 2 investigate  we love snooping  we can smoke them out flynngate russianhacking let women in
 idk why he didnt wanna smoke ok it sounds fake but ok
 @realdonaldtrump tell the police the truth about cannabis historically you will become a timeless patriotic figure 
 holy smokes what have we as a society become 
 honestly being laid up with someone rn with bunch of weed and movies sounds good too... 
 need someone to smoke w tomorrow ok hmu
 do you have food at your house no but i have weed ok
 im just looking for someone who wants to binge watch tv shows and smoke in our matching recliners when aly is away. not asking for a lot.
 i like my women soft spoken but my weed loud
 bring some weed i got a story to tell
 cheap weed and old spice. 
 ive stayed in all week  someone come over or come smoke with me 
 someone smoke w me
 someone should just come smoke out my room
 usually when u first meet someone  its customary to say hi amp greet yourself  not hey  u wanna smoke me lolwut imconfused djlife 
 can we just smoke some weed and watch hood movies together 
 someone smoke with me
 got some hair cut  moved some furniture  signed some tat tats  smoked some hookah  pretty successful nite in my book
 need someone to love and smoke with
 get someone with a thermal to make sure someone isnt missing in the weeds around here
 son its 60 degrees outside i had to come out amp smoke a doobie
 that 70s show started having a smoke sesh  so we joined in 
 someone give me a weed   @robertocortes
 im in the mood to just smoke and listen to music and converse w someone
 sex. cigarettes. amp. weed
 @inapoole shut your racist ass up. go smoke with dorsey if you want to see someone say some off the wall shit
 @itsclowderz just watched a close homegirl smoke meth and i just morally did not know what to do 
 people on snapchat need to chill when they smoke. remember we looking at ur nasty ass mouth lick ur lips amp clear ur spit bro
 do you guys ever go to movies you didnt watch the trailers for to be totally surprised or am i just smoking really good weed
 natty light  cheap cigs and weed  timberlands 
 @louistam still burning  yes. lots of smoke showing.
 if the jobs materialize as expected and since the demos are already blowing smoke  theyll start pating theirselves on the back.
 someone smoke with meee
 mom in middle school i looked out true bus and saw a guy with a rolled up marijuana cigarette me you mean a joint
 cant say enough about big smock proud to know and have coached him great comeback  season smoke nice post season run
 someone smoke me up rn and ill smoke you up wednesday
 weve screamed at the top of our lungs at parties and danced in lightning storms  we got married in a smoke room 
 watching smoke clouds to no limit.   happy saturday
 if weed alcohol and social media didnt exist a lot of yall would be lost af
 so can we lauryn hill amp chill can we smoke a couple blunts can you tell me bout ya mind amp the thoughts that leave you stuck 
 the weed came through blessed
 relaxing at the island smoke shop  key largo. stop by and visit with bob on your way thru keys. 
 more smoke and mirrors or is this the start of real stake holders being involved in the clean up amprevitalization 
 @scottmadin @mrdeeky i hear the kids these days use most any word to refer to marijuana.
 @justinkittle smokes.  but i should probably do all forms of social media as well.  live a life of zen  peace  and tranquility.
 when in asheville. wickedweedbrewing asheville @ wicked weed brewing 
 a marijuana tech company says data shows increased access to pot decreases alcohol use  marijuana alcohol opioids
 @amlozyk @spencerfernando careful   the monkey has weed as his trump card  he is going  to unload again before the election  dopersidiots
 shes sneaky amp smoked out
 somebody bring me a rello and ill smoke you up
 @dinaflinkert @mirkatmat @sarahpenh looool yall couldnt handle the sass of my smokey eye 
 when ur client gaves u free weed for hooking him up with a good price for his phone  yes
 we all smoke  its ok
 j remembered i smoked weed w weedslut
 holy smokes amazing. 
 aye someone come over and smoke with me
 if your weedman come to you they loyal and your blessed
 the wife and i are out doing research for a youtube show we are putting together. its a show about good food  great beer and good weed
 @psychchipmunk  they posted something today. said it was an appreciated smokescreen. if thats a smokescreen
 @hoodrichgang2x im straight i already smoked g
 chilling out in mexico  blowing hella smoke  popping hella bottles  
 brewery baes  peace pals for life asheville wickedweedbrewing @ wicked weed brewing 
 ready to smoke some good weed and watch a movie with my baby
 dab rig  burn de oil  chain smoke  turkish royal
 the least of its problems is his stupidity  or his abusive arrogance  or the judiciary smoke and mirrors always proves too little.
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation 
 i spy the setting sun from this aerial view just west of brewton  alabama... smokehaze somewhat obscuring a nicer 
 saw the lego batman movie. now smokey bones for dinner.
 had me flying so high with no smoke
 @mikebates @tyvickie22 thanks its all smoke and mirrors
 help. im being forced to watch old smokey amp the bandit movies.
 im rly finna spazz the entire fuck out if somebody dont bring me some fucking weed
 @ajemaineclement @highergtv @youtube perhaps mumsies needs a little cannabis marijuanaissaferthanalcohol 
 celebrating birfday @michellef212 and a surprise reunion  @ wicked weed brewing 
 she wasting da weed 
 if trump legalized marijuana. i will probably consider him as a good president. low key
 someone pick me up   so we can smoke .
 dawg someone smoke me out
 all im looking for is someone thatll lay in bed for hours and just smoke bongs and watch stupid netflix shows with me.
 if ur bf asked to smoke me out  idc thats a free smoke sesh im saying yes  im not disrespecting anyone homegirl.
 hi does anyone know someone who can bring me weed
 @0hour1army @mikehunt505 smoke and mirrors 
 somebody bring me some weed
 @daltee1 there is a show on viceland channel called bong appetit. they but some form of weed in everything. love watching it  but naw. lol
 i hustled  bought weed to the chi. and that aint even a lie  please believe me.
 @jerryconnor also  timehop reminded me that we played with them a year ago today.   holy smokes i love that band 
 every time my roommate comes back from her friends she always wants to smoke  weve become bffs now 
 is it sex or weed 
 i see why merk used to smoke cigarettes lmaooo 
 @ellyndegenerate watch smokey and the bandit  youll have a whole new appreciation of the original
 or just sell me weed idc
 ill give someone a pack of ramen to smoke
 i should smoke some green before i lay someone out word
 someone smoke me out
 watching smokey ampthe bandit ii with my bird listening to legend don williams. thats when country was country.
 smokin weed and bamboo sippin on private stock
 someone just called my nana looking for the weed man...
 who can bring me a wrap por favor i have nothing to smoke out ofo
 or bring me food amp ill give u weed
 good weed and cold drinks thats the muthafucking recipe
 man i smoked before i went to the movies 
 @sunlorrie @ahcros her entire approach to governance is smoke and mirrors. deception and misdirection.
 @caketoppa trying to stop smoking squares is redundant when youre rolling your weed in tobacco lol
 someone come french braid my hair ill smoke you out
 anybody tryna deliver weed to me downtown
 @xcandeey do you smoke
 the age women start forgetting childhood is 30.thats perfect with my dating range.they start having daddy issues because he went foe smokes
 someone should smoke me up 
 @cinemasins  you should do a smokey and the bandit movie or all of them
 just dropped all the weed during the process of rolling 
 my weed fairy is baaaaaack 
 when you finally come out and tell your mom you smoke weed  and she goes i already knew it. 
 i dont want to brag  but im doing laundry  smoking weed  and watching every lesbionic movie on netflix. jealous saturdaynight iamsocool
 this weed has me feeling closer to god.
 can someone please smoke me out  i can barely breathe right now
 @alexmarmo or he left weed there that the dog got into and was looking for it. what a bastard
 ok  ok  fine. ill smoke a joint instead of a cigarette. adulting sacrifices
 someone smoke me out
 rolling sticky weed wo a grinderltltlt
 bout to smoke this dutch someone bring a water to my room please
 i prefer smoking weed n eating tacos in bed before partying and im worried 4 my anti social self
 wish i had a rillo or papers to smoke before going to bed
 how about someone smoke me out on valentines day 
 last indoor meet of the season  for me at least. time to throw bombs and make smoke. expecting 
 @realdonaldtrump  you said mexico was going to pay for the wall.  keep that in mind and stop this smoke and mirror show where we pay.
 sunday morning smoke and cuddle sessiions wanted
 dead ass who wants to smoke and come over eat candy and watch movies with me
 this hippie took a lot of weed as....ole 
 stephenmiller smokes the media again on face the nation
 holy smokes i run so fast in high top vans
 i aint gon lie.. ill spend it on weed 
 i fell in love with smoke and mirrors
 bury me to sleep in a weeding tux. everything  everyone sucks
 i like women soft spoken  but the weed loud....
 yesterday i wanted to smoke more butttttt i was too stoned that i wet the lighter while washing my hands bahahaha ima fool
 @grampysmokeswd @hippieoflove more on the waybe well all @kirklandw @mikethestoner1 @mooshushu @stevedeangelo cannabiswellness
 all curreny discusses in his music is cars  weed  the money hes made  his successes  watching for snakes  and living. thats all i need.
 someone smoke with me after work
 ok we can smoke at 2  falls alseep at 11 
 someone come smoke with me 
 ill bring booze and some food to grill and of course some weed
 @foxnews @realdonaldtrump meryl  needs to just go back to smoking her weed  her mind is already gone.
 @rustdawg73 i can feel the heat of bridges burned behind me  looking back and that smoke is all i see   obscured by the storm that formed ..
 someone bring rillos and ill smoke you out with boo boo reggie
 @andthisisme13 plastic comes from oil oil comes from plants and dinosaurs. smoke comes from wood. it all comes from carbon. thats us
 @reuterstv trump says he will pick his nose as soon as he uses a weedwhacker to clear out all the hair.
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 @xcandeey youre fake you didnt come smoke last night.
 watch bannon behind the scenes.  all of this travel ban  etc. is a smokescreen.
 someone come over with a lot of weed and literally dont talk to me at all just let me smoke your weed ok
 she smelled weed but she cool with it  
 i rather be a tree rolling  weed smoking  jet setting over three oceans  blue bankroll  cheese folding. haters watch just to keep trolling.
 some messed up lady asked reginald for a lighter yesterday and he screamed back no i dont smoke crack 
 you can tell who a true smoker and who not. beginners always showing off that they smoke smh
 i want to hike tomorrow at griffith but a really good hike then smoke a bowl at the top lol. whos down
 someone come smoke me out
 the muslim brotherhoods running a deception campaign  complete with smoke amp mirrors. shariah  peace only comes when the world is islamic
 someone come smoke this l w chan  taylor amp i
 i would so invite someone over to watch movies and smoke but i am not driving in thi weather..
 sum one smoke w meee
 need weed and snacks for the show 
 @slxmzilla i know nothings worse than someone who thinks their better than someone who smokes weed. like shut up already.
 this is miah weeding  
 i came here to smoke weed and watch professional wrestling and im all out of weed
 can we have sex smoke weed amp eat snacks yes  yes we can.
 im so thankful that i have my boo to snuggle with and eat snacks and smoke blunts w during the storm
 holy smokes @mistyherman72 @anncleckler @gascholisa @leesigirl @nellybelle3379 @kerstinlis @mooredog82 @herlo @leezermae
 @stubhub is good good code words for marijuana 
 excited for 700 oclock to come for my favorite zombie show until then ill read my communications book and smoke 
 @ladygaga is a goddamn smoke show and anyone that says different put ya paws up  lets box
 haha i smoke weed and eat quinoa im so peaceful but ill still beat your ass bitch lol stfuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
 what do you prefer to smoke out of
 once i smoked a joint made out of bible paper.
 jlo is still a smoke show..
 @joshwolfcomedy @bicebiceboyz @mitchellvii no smokescreen here honey  hes straight forward as you get  you know where he stands on issues
 @amcwalkingdead   love the zombie weed wacker
  when you seen this shit this morning and decided at 6 to watch it. now im rolling up about to smoke before i wat 
 who tryna be my uber driver ill pay you. but im tryna smoke on the way
 @realdonaldtrump or maybe what you say were huge people in a small crowd. all smoke and mirrors. your use of being grandiose is very sad.
 im weak that aman made sure to grab the weed  true stoner
 still got smoke... stay tuned  jayburn respecttheladder rtlxsbgyxf2tf blackandwhite 
 when all your coworkers smoke and some bitch named trish is the company snitch
 @andyguy ill be looking to see if andy is capable of substantive discussion  but so far its smoke ring thin @scientiapercept
 i hate when im rolling and my hair gets all in the weed. time for another hair cut
 someone come smoke a blunt with me
 someone smoke with me 
 @mgsturbo @whittenderek @bigpmoney66 @thunderwood75 @youtube if they smoke it im going  lol gg boys
 every time i do a north bay show  someone puts some  weed in my hand. blessed
 somebody facetime me while i smoke
 someone come smoke w me
 i smoke  kickback amp think 
 i just want someone to smoke with. but ive been pushing people away lately
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vaction
 theres always complaining about how often someone smokes weed. bitch why you need social media everyday stfu mind yo bizness
 i still cant believe someone asked obama if he inhaled when smoking weed and he said thats the point  i miss him ily @potus44
 if i invite you to come smoke w me amp you just have a nasty attitude  ima send you back the same way you came from.. 
 @chriscuomo agree. we in nh are furious with the latest unsubstantiated accusation. just a smokescreen for voter suppression.
 imagine dragons  smoke and mirrors 
 i prefer to smoke goals amp aspirations amp get high off the success
 thanks  autocaption  without you id never know that disney named a princess marijuana captionyourvids youtube craptions
 @govenordayton mr. governor  our country is already overweight and stupid from bad food and alcohol. add fuel to the fire marijuanalazyer
 the point of having a smoke free campus is that you dont smoke on campus 
 @chewgavin @bnixole leggo i got the bong and the movie someone provide the smoke
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 hubby admitted last night that he wants to do a radio show wme. im thrilled what would you named a weed show hosted by the hollywoodz
 Cloud 10
 stretch  piss  water  bible  pray  straighten up  smoke  eat2k
 wrote about cannabis vape pens and doin it for @thekindland   well. kinda.
 slow kissin on marijuana am i medicated
 wasting weed for rts lmfaoooooo yall so fucking trash dawg  
 more smoke and mirrors.  
 @lebatardshow i dont have a problem with athletes using marijuana for recreational purposes how about that
 social weedia
 thats weed 
 houston looking like el df with all that smoke in the sky
 didnt work today so i drove to africa just to smoke with my nigga clyde
 someone come over and smoke with me and my cat.
 yeah. hookah for those chicks who dont smoke. uptown got it rockin tho 
 the legal status of cannabis marijuana and cannabidiol cbd under u.s. law alice mead  j.d. ll.m. 
 day 24. cannabis helps heal many ailments. read up on it now  begin sowing seeds in march indoor or out. dailyprotest plantmedicine
 when you open up about your anxiety and people tell you to smoke weed or get high because you need to calm down...ok thanks
 when you smoke together through facetime 
 soo somebody on snapchat gone tell me shop with them if i smoke
 @travisinnola @thejm ok subject matter looked over  beats for old times  ganja bagpipes  and my mom are actually the shit tho.
 the owner of cherry apothecary says some of her hempderived cbd oils will make you feel alert  others sleepy. 
 someone bring me backwoods amp smoke with me
 got the weed wacka fo the snakes
 all i want is to smoke a couple blunts w some really cool people.
 @realdonaldtrump   how fast can you weed out the vermin in the wildly bloated bureaucracies  obamabot snitches traitors got to go.....
 ok this is a one time offer  ill smoke a l with someone unless u whack or corny
 tag someone that loves weed  @ weed  california 
 genuineloveis never having to bring your own weed.
 @turrcc smoke and watch the first episode of season 3. you wont be able to stop
 someone come smoke with me
 @mjbiztraining   i think the key to success is to allow anyone to grow it and smoke it
 hows someone so inept amp stupid become successful business person probably all smoke amp mirrors. thats why cheeto doesnt release taxes
 someone come watch s amp smoke 
 got to smoke cigars in the bar before it opens regulations 
 how do you ask someone for weed but also imply you arent trying to pay for it
 @veldpark @lanc02 @hermanmashaba evidently they all went up in smoke.
 come learn from women who pioneered cannabis research  activism  amp business in the bay and me too wvc womengrow 
 @julytabicat @tntntx03 @fawfulfan @icbinns @bunique4him @kriskobach1787 thats true. grandma voted for legal weed twice that way.
 @blckriflecoffee can i bring my smoke 
 they said to bring some weed so... 
 congressdoyourjob think about your smoke and mirrors gop. 
 honestly i just need someone i can smoke out everyday
 ill just buy alot of weed tomorrow so that ill be too high to even know its valentines day 
 someone smoke w me after school
 miswell smoke ciggy if you smokin black 
 someone hang out with me ill bring weed and cuddles
 @robreiner @realpaulabel rob go eat someone quick your blood sugar is low or have a smoke 
 @samnorthampton holy smokes. just watched theinvestigator you deserve better  i hope you can get what youre looking for someday. lt3
 omm high denna bitch smoke a couple blunts 
 .@depauliasports lets see an article questioning our ads tenure. its been 10 yrs of losing amp wasting . tired of smoke amp mirrors. firejlp
 someone come to saginaw and smoke with me
 guys i cant smoke weed for 10 days starting tmrw in my apt soo i might take a social media break
 wish i was cool enough to be fat and sit around and smoke weed all day footfetish
 someone smoke me out
 roll up marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 nick sending the smoke show of the year home is beyond unbelievable thebachelor
 good weed aint cheap amp cheap weed aint good.
 i might smoke alot but ill never fein for it to the point where i gotta spend my last dollar on it
 cool cuz my weed in my backpack  so ill stay calm until further notice
 someone smoke w me ffs.
 ill smoke out anyone who can get this dread out of my hair
 dog hair is forever in my weed 
 just got off work  time to smoke some kush and watch the new lego batman movie
 ill get you some flowers and chocolate maybe some weed if thats you
 ughhh someone come smoke with me
 @esotericsunn weed but thats not the point i
 someone sell me weed
 i have been a fool. been sowing seed into fields full of weeds  how can i expect a fruitful harvest if i dont rid the earth of them first.
 my little brother finally started smoking weed were already so much closer now im so happy
 looking for 2 tickets for ganja white night amp boogie on the 25 hit me up please @chicagoedmfam @chiravechasers @edmchicago
 ok...trumps modus operandi is to create a diversion cause hes a loser...some big smoke coming tomorrow after this
 my cousin better have her weeding in mexico
 would you lie for weed
 when people become weedheads  they become sluggish......this is mom
 my love for marijuana exists because of you.
 @oav  bring me weed lmao
 yeah smoke is dissipating. should all be cleared up by daybreak
 someone smoke me out
 wish i can smoke... lolz
 someone smoke with me
 @sallyalbright yes. they want 1950s social structures  but with weed.
 @prepsportsplus @chrisdacaveman was a couple of years old when my stepfather made me smoke some of a cigar. it worked. went to cigs instead.
 @mirandacosgrove 24 @paddywarbucks  @realdonaldtrump what it meant time spent eldest the weld just rust red all smoke i dred mirror wed led
 50lbs of weed in a brand new car from mexico bhahaha thats a new way to bring weed in 
 someone come over and smoke  
 @axios @irongreg73 smoke and mirrors with her. smoke and mirrors  she is horrible.
  add a blunt smoke in the camera view and thats all me in 10 years 
 @rtcom ...and all trump haters continue to drawwelfare  smoke their blunts  sleep until noon amp missout on a great job that pays for kids
 senate judiciary this morning taking up sb 95  which would reschedule cannabidiol cbd and remove it from the definition of marijuana
 thats all you smoke 
 @roguepotusstaff smoke screens
 whos mobile an tryn smoke 
 ill bring the weed if you bring the henny 
 does anyone know how to obtain very cheap but good cannabis as medicine in ontario or canada im very ill and can not afford these prices
 me and pedro stepped out the van to smoke he leaves comes back with air freshener and sprays tf out of me with it 
 teacherthere is a way to see wavelengths w smoke meah thats cool lets do it teacher u just want to smoke meur not wrong 
 good morning hollywood  your weed is amazing 
 ok @chancetherapper i see you start the spring tour on 424. my thesis play opens on 420 so come down to philly for a great show and smoke
 just swallowed a piece of weed amp damn near wrecked out
 i go on break at 11 someone come smoke me out
 head looking like medusa smoke bongs and hella hookahs
 today gone be dry i can already tell .. finna smoke my weed and watch movies with my sister 
 update investigators say the home that went up flames in bramalea this am had smoke detectors  but its unclear whether they were working.
 everyone on vineland just smokes a shit load of weed and then someone asked if they want a tv show...
 only in delhi does someone call up to snitch that someone stole their weed  while they have a gun in their room 
 @justintee you put that weed tweet back up now young man. 
 @lynnsosnoskie hi lynn i am on the or society of weed science board amp we are looking for spkrs in oct. at our mtng  dwelters@pratumcoop.com
 will someone smoke me out before i guvkimg kill myself
 i smoke to reminisce about the old days  find peace in the clouds 
 4 yrs ago 2day  we formed smoke season. since then  ur supports redefined love in our eyes. happy valentinesday 
 @missclaraturing i did that for a cool weed tshirt from huff
 tuesday morning weed court in east la. prop64 
 if someone could come chill and smoke with me all day that would be great
 all i be wantin was niggas to show up to my house or job with some weed and some chocolate but like nooo thats asking for too much
 view from my smoke spot. i can see it but i cant. chandlerbiketrailnorthhollywood blindphotographer  infj 
 someone holding up a sign spare change for marijuana  its 4 a higher cause   smh im out
 when smoke mentions 12 hour band camp 
 someone smoke me out lol
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vocation
 dog n pony show featuring smoke and mirrors. we the people must force the final act  epilogue  curtain call and for 
 hoky smokes  bullwinkle 25 new twitter followers must have been recommended. its going to take a while to see who i should follow back.
  will pay someone to take me to corpus food amp ganja is part of the deal too
 love your heart. go smokefree.   
 ok where my bouquet of weed at
 finna smoke this blunt and stare at the wall .. 
 be my model for the day and we can smoke blunts and take cool pics and talk about life shit.
 hoping i heard wrong that my senator wants to rollback the medical marijuana law in ga. if anything  it should be expanded.
 the amount of cholo patients that came in today telling me theyre going to smoke a blunt with their hyna today lmaooo
 @greggdrewandjim does jim smoke allot of crack
 i need someone i can smoke and vibe with.
 anyone watching the news i wonder what happened.... cops everywhere  helicopter flying around. holy smokes
 damnnn. this weed about to hit so amazing when i get off.
 @janidancer @bailador13 @kona201211 holy smokes so confused but i can totally find that for you. 
 our weeding 
 beginning soon sen. governance amp finance committee hearing on prop64  cannabis taxes  and related issues. 
 drawing papers  rolling pens  smoke away how much youve spent  urbanoutfitters uooy 
 just wish i can walk on camp amp smoke my dope 
 its all smoke and mirrors
 someone smoke with me 
 claude going to the habs is like when a guy gets dumped and immediately gets with the smoke his ex fuckin hates. diabolical move. love it.
 if she smoke cigarettes she a snake.
 someone bring a rillo ill smoke
 sees couple driving awe goals. couples who smoke together die together. @amckee7
 watch me live on the weed show with @iamcharlogreene talking about sextoys right now cannasexual 
 my homegirls said bring the weed and well cook you steak n shrimp  shiddd might as well since i aint got no valentines anyway lol
 sex and weed 
 nine sexual benefits of cannabis . 1. better sex  2. stronger orgasms  3. heightened 
 someone please take me out and smoke a few with me  thanks id appreciate it
 someone come smoke w me lmaooo
 someone hit the shop for me ill smoke you out
 so all my weed candies were gone amp the bottle of vodka i had was empty....
 all i smell is cheap perfume  and gin  and smoke  and lies
 hmm i smell smoke of a campfire @kesharose goin country singin lorettalynns hellodarlin nashville 
 im low key addicted to weed but fuck it
 someone smoke w me lmfaoo
 i wonder how many has slithered into the country while we been watching this smoke screen.
 i member me and tee would smoke nasty ass k2 and straight beinge watch family guy after work every morning 
 the smoke detector battery just went out and the beeping is doing bear a heckin concern.
 someone smoke with me
 someone come watch movies amp smoke w me .. im bored as hell 
 have self control no weed for a couple of days
 @russdiemon hope the bay has been treating you well. lets smoke a blunt after the show.
 i wish i had someone to smoke amp watch movies with tho 
 someone smoke
 someone smoke with me
 my cousin telling me she wanna smoke is a dream come true 
 someone smoke this joint with me
 the other day someone was telling me about how these cheerleaders were smoking weed @ camp amp soaking tampons amp inserting them to get drunk..
 @trevordebenning @arifleischer the certain reality  it would seem  is that it is more smoke in an already smokey situation
 someone plz come smoke w me
 indiana senate oks treating epilepsy with oil from cannabis plant 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation 
 finsta  where girls post their weed habits and hangover problems
 stop telling me to come smoke i do not do that stupid ass shit
 this week has already been stressful cant wait for the weekend to smoke a couple
 this is smoke rt @agearan in first under trump  russian jets buzzed a u.s. destroyer at close range 
 finna smoke and joce off these raggedy ass mfs
 need someone to vibe with  roll my weed with
 eampj over weed....for now.  
 @meauxma @medusasmuff this true for me but my cousins smoke it. lol  i be like someone got bbq burning theyre usually all its a seed
 she came over and we smoked a couple backwoods
 i need someone to come make me weed tea and rub coconut oil in my hair and spoon me while i watch the bachelor
 had a blast on the weed show with @iamcharlogreene talking about sex toys and hand jobs cannasexual 
 indiana senate oks treating epilepsy with oil from cannabis plant fox59morning 
 btw it aint never been cool to eat weed
 gotta love liars. they lie so much they cant keep them straight. stop with the voter id bs. start vetting voters. weed out the stupid.
 i never post marijuana on social media
 stfu i dont want your conversation  rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation.
 @tleetv5 how can a rapist just walk out for a smoke  unmonitored i hope someone is held responsible
 so she decides to smoke w the imbecile amp gets caught so now theres family drama at 5am. im literally running on like 17 min of sleep too
 1 trump admin defense now will be no cooperation wrussia no fire amid fog of blinding smoke. and  true. but as manafort says....
 im a good guy.chill.only vibes as we proceed. smoke in bed with you all day. watch cyphers all day.cute.realpassionate..handsome cool cmon
 @ingrahamangle @nytimes when is someone going to step forward and put an end to all of this its a smoke amp mirrors show
 this man is delusional. hope the news media digs deep to uncover the truth behind the smoke screens. 
 neeed to smoke 
 neeed to smoke 
 soooo someone come over and smoke pls
 @realdonaldtrump  weedout all obama employees  hillarydig all you can for all the moles  snake obama is behind everything that happen 
 @hxmiedntplaydat triborg is my ish. i prefer the smoke variation.
 wishing i had someone to smoke with in the mind. 
 wish i had someone to smoke with in the mtns. 
 if we finna smoke and i tell you bring blunts do not bring no fucking swisher 
 @hsampier i been there  know the feeling. just smoke weed its cheaper 
 @realdonaldtrump you r trying to throw a smokescreen again..u got caught..and all yr kings men..you violated the u.s. constitution  shame 
 come try our vegan smoked gouda or queso dip were open 10am7pm today.  minnneapolis 
 according to a new @nscsafety survey of u.s. drivers  13 reported driving after using marijuana.   graphs via 
 i dropped my weed and im hoping no one comes home before i pick it up 
 someone come smoke this blunt w me tho
 @lawdmegatron you prolly got it already. same weed man since college lol
 go check that sskilla alot smoke a lot drank prod.by @djzombielife400   via @youtube
 @brtrendy @mexicannfuhrer be careful of the marijuanas 
 this netflix show taught me that sigur rs starts playing when you smoke crack
 i intuit a massive conspiracy to suppress hemp information dissemination.... 
 i was dizzy as shit when i was done thats what that sex and weed do to u 
 @maciasjacob47 @brandonguitars ill be there in the summer we can smoke out and watch movies all everyday lol
 reading through twitter today not much has changed trump stillmaga left still on cloud nine oding on hemp god liberals get a life stay out
 mmmm i like pig butt  i cannot lie @ smokey pokey bbq in orlando  ok 
 i dont understand how you can be considered professional if you come into a room reeking of cigarette smoke.
 someone come over n smoke
 whole month of march im trying to fast from social media and alcohol. just weed and reading is all im tryna be on
 whod be most incented to suppress hemp information dissemination...  @millenihell 
 so dude  up on the deck while we were at lunch amp slurringly asked can i smoke here leaving now i see this on hi 
 well sneak back 2 illegal people amp a cheaper pound of reefer weeee
 @realdonaldtrump you need a new ambassador to el salvador. and a new marijuana policy. my father would  can  and will appreciate it.
 this that yellow w that purp  smoke my gas n write my verse
 whoever is on my netflix amp watching weeds  get tf off  my mom is making me pay because your on. get off
 i just want someone i cal chill with eat food smoke couple blunts or sum shit 
 bouta smoke out of a  since i got n o zz fuckapiece
 @ddmcd @realdonaldtrump it is wildly billowing smoke but still smoke  for now
 teach your cows to enjoy the taste of weeds amp youll have builtin weedcontrol for your pasture 
 @marrtyy 1.grow hair 2. clean 3. smoke 4. louis the child concert
 who can come sew my hair in at my house ill smoke you out. i hate salons.
 @jwal077 @20committee counting days to either  retirement  change of c nc or legalised weed or all the above
 day 14 no weed. im now completely clean of off everything. i feel depressed not going to lie but hope it wears out.
 its ok to smoke but dont let it take over your life
 remeber that our campus is a smoke free environment eccunion 
 @costareports @colberted if theres smoke theres fire. lets light it up under trump klan and see what jumps out
 i smoke gass thats that hercules  strong marijuana
 someone smoke w me
 i only smoke for the aesthetic purposes only. modelstatus 
 the wall just got higher border patrol agents discover marijuana catapult on arizonamexico fence 
 remember el camino is a smoke free campus eccunion 
 @owencg smoke and mirrors
 my aunt just asked me if its morally wrong to smoke a joint on her way to a funeral
 yall already know smoke is legal in dc  so come out and see your boy performance  at the elroy 
 @viceland i smoke cannabis amp study peoples brains. gimme a show.
 i wish we could trade leaders of our country with canada cuz that dude is a smoke show
 someone come smoke at rose hills with me please
 @captainfreiheit its weird he didnt bring up what always bothered me  that the book claims weed withdrawl causes you to salivate a lot
 come hangout and smoke a hookah. gulhane is the location so send us some of your good vibes.
 tonight womancrushwednesday  your 1 midweek spot to  smoke hookah  vibe  jam byob. lets 
 im watching this show about cannabis infused breakfast food and i have never ever wanted something more
 smokes weed once and already tellin people to bmo
 not leaving my house for a few days can someone bring me hot funyuns ill smoke u out
 someone smoke this blizzy w me
 someone come over and smoke with me my dudes
 my head hurts just from looking at this weed  
 @billyofdahills @jeffcampbellwv @wvgovernor @justiceforwv @youtube there are lots of requirements to sell weed legally. gifting is illegal.
 based on the agenda  we seem to be a bit behind. i was hoping to get beer at smoked earlier than 9pm.  ccac0217
 @billyofdahills @jeffcampbellwv @wvgovernor @justiceforwv i smoke cannabis and take high cbd oil. its helping me keep my pain at a 67.
 @bobbycannavale bo diddley  bb king  smokey robinson  paul butterfield  chuck berry  h...   via @youtube very good
 holy smokes. what that guys beef that was not cool at all. arrow
 showing the freight team some love they are going to enjoy some smoked burgers while we watch the late night s 
 yo you smoke weed thats pretttttty...pretttttttttttty cool 
 arlington is so ghetto omg i swear i just saw someone try to smoke a twizzler
 presidentbannon is not furious at breitbart or priebus  thats just fake news smoke screen. anarchy b4 the storm is all part of the plan
 no bullshit always wanted a show where niggas just talk about sports while we smoke
 someone smoke me out
 lil mouse verse on get smoked top 5 verses of all fucking time g
 someone come smoke with me 
 they came first episode has me shredded. wtf lucasroanwhatever dorothy needs to smoke glinda. emeraldcity 
 whole foods is a smoke show
 wasting precious ass weed  
 was kinda scared to tell my therapist that i smoked weed n drink alcohol sometimes n she was ok with it like she was ok with it
 when someone tells me they smoke 
 @cannabist this tweet reminded me of some work i did marijuana wedding collection via @zazzle 
 he only uses you for weed money rides and sex 
 someone smoke me up
 someone just came into class and they stink of smoke excuse me this is a smoke free campus
 i memorized every word you wrote and each night they go up in smoke 
 someone bring me the ganja
 moving in the city networking that gr8 with major  @ blue smoke 
 i need a female i can just vibe with smoke  and eat alot with.
 i seriously love when haley comes over cause the bitch only smokes the green off the top of the bowl and leaves the rest in my ashtray
 shes my very own little weed fairy  leaving me nugs all over the place.
 going to wash these bitch ass dishes take a shower smoke a blunt a look for a good movie to watch on neflix.
 someone come over and lets smoke and watch broad city
 i have a choice and i choose my happiness and my kids.... so dont come looking for me because the smoke clears and the woman gone...
 late night smoke joint smoke maryjane stonergirl 
 i need someone to smoke w me when im alone
 i want it to be summer already so i can smoke a blunt under the stars without freezing to death smh
 i want it to be summer already so i can smoke a blunt under the stars without freezing to death smh
 i will never go to a movie theatre and watch a movie without smoking weed  that shit aint normal.
 i told my intentions.. to smoke and rub you down thats it thats all
 @wentworthweedle its supposed to be some sort of hat but now ill forever see penis  thanks for that weedle.  
 hey @boltmutt  what showsmovies do you watch while smoking weed ive got netflix open and my weed out and idk what to watch.
 doobie upon doobie upon doobie until im smoked out
 @delaneeyann lol exactly.. me and you are on the same page... just gone sit back smoke and watch ppl embarrass themselves
 i didnt smoke today. thats an accomplishment.
 someone send food and weed emergency 
 someone in lc got weed im looking for a plug rn
 i pick lil mama up and put some weed in the air now im smashing from the back and pullin weave out hah hair 
 sb38 new medical use of marijuana  the regulation of marijuana distribution entities  requiring the exercise of... 
 let me go smoke a cigarette before i start season 4.
 meeting tomorrow going live @ 8am  pros and cons of marijuana by professor from @evmsedu. @rotary7600 rotary @periscopeco
 @coreylajoie thank you i found my new driver to replace my man smoke ill be in daytona tomorrow morning tent camping in turn 4come visit
 can this truck be any sexier well add some smoke stacks and it would be. 
 the vp had the same info that the leaders had when he lied he cooked his own goose nothing more.time t of weed out the traitors
 lol nope i seen him yesterday tho at bj house  but no i seen desmond @ the car wash looking for weed  im like w 
 we snuck some quick weeding in between science and reading. 
 cloud of smoke in the coupe
 dhs hasnt hacked every social media account already arent those requests merely a smokescreen 
 any celebs in new orleans looking for high quality marijuana for the low. feel free to inbox me 
 so im designing a weed tray. should turn out cool 
 stop telling me about yall weed deals idc i dont smoke 
 there is a show called weeding out the stoned hosted by @alexgrubard at the hotel vernon in 225. get tickets here 
 my bro a fool for ganja days amp ville5ide anthem @ville5ide
 someone come smoke me out
 someone smoke with me after school
 totally agree clean the house smoke out the rats 
 they should have a movie theatre where you can smoke 
 this could be the weed tweeting but.... sighs today is looking like its going to be a good day. 
 he should be more concerned with the core problem. his righteous indignation a smokescreen 
 they picked some good looking bud  someone smokes on abc13 
 @brytonejames with you  there are no smoke amp mirrors  just raw talent. you step on screen amp command an audience amp to me  thats awesome...
 uk is a nonsmoking campus.... looks behind whitehall sees 15 people smoke cigs lolol 
 @realdonaldtrump  drugs are cheaper than candybars are you fucking kidding me weeds expensive you ass tyt justicedemocrats revolt
 yous will still have shitty weed  
 in response to recent slate article by jacob grier  smokefree laws do improve cardiovascular health.  
 once my white coworker put me on to a weed delivery service amp wanted 80 for an eighth 
 as a smoker  it sucks tryna smoke in this conservativeass statetexas law enforcers are sick of pot busts 
 as a smoker  it sucks tryna smoke in this conservativeass statetexas law enforcers are sick of pot busts 
 you look like someone who smoked marijuana before me well ill be damned
 @realdonaldtrump you smoked jim acosta cnn when you told him cnn was a fake news channel but it is now a very fake news channel.
 glad to see reps @jamieeldridgema amp @ldforry on the ma marijuana joint committee. thoughtfulinformed on the issues  
 glad to see sens. @jamieeldridgema amp @ldforry on the ma marijuana joint committee. thoughtfulinformed on the issues 
 he was finna pay for weed the movie and food.... 
 @thornebeverly yes smoke amp mirrors... look over there gt
 me hey could you not smoke in front of my kids gop its a free country me ok ill leave then gop snowflake stop insulting my rights
 someone sell me weed thru pay pal 
 my fav thing is getting baked with someone  and showing eachother your favorite songs. like yaaaasss  come smoke and show me your playlist.
 imlff inmeds cannabis pipeline  financials and prospects  via @yahoofinance
 lemme know when the price of weed cheaper than the price of a candy bar ..... now thats the amerikkka i wanna live in 
 @drinkturpentine he cool with weed tho so we straight
 the evil peanuts admindt is pigpen creating the smokescreen  pence is the naive charlie brown who lucy bannon pulls the football on
 legal marijuana opponent rep. hannah kane named by house gop to sit on new committee on marijuana.
 someone smoke w me pls
 why did i used to like the show weeds. this show is fuckin trash.
 wicked weed cans yowza are we stokedbeerporn beerstagram beertime ilmbeer ilmbottleshop 
 @clemsontom @bocomley16 @kimshanfan @mikeandmike and weed rolling snapchat pics.....
 if you smoke wit me you kno i be behind the camera likeeeeee  
 @culturallyalive if spicerfacts is already denying nationalguard deportationsquads it means theyll start tonight during some smokescreen
 someone smoke with meeees
 two words  space weed.  thefutureislit
 @avventualy24 reed is great. imho  hes more reliable than familia. salas is ok. robles and smoker have to step up.
 attention i need someone with a jack to please come change my tire i popped last night and destroyed ill smoke a blunt with u or something
 now you know hes out of touch with reality because you just know he pays 20 bucksg of weed 
 when you learn about edible weeds and see  from your window  that your neighbor basically has a patch of mallow growly wildly. 
 ok but tell me why it looks like my sister took a picture as if she was in the smoke circle in that 70s show 
 @weedfeed i am in missouri and we have cold war christianity here condemning weed heavily.. we need a team here..
 theyre talking about weed rn and im like ok i shouldve stayed home
 lmfao  craig already have a woman. smokeywell he dont like her
 whos uptown and tryna smoke w me and my bitch
 lets smoke a ciggy about it
 imma smoke this propane  thats easing this pain
 @hippieoflove awwh thats all i smoke usually is indica  wish i was with you  smoke a little extra for me
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacaaaation ...
 thx for the hat boss man  i love it and my smoked salmon blt was yummy  atchafalayafood 
 please watch this yall. a marijuana 
 its rodeo weekend see yall tonight at old crow smokehouse toucheachother party
 yall i found my moms weed im so weak
 @dfwticket smoke some fool
 @mjasandoval my selfish concern is exclusively whether i have to spend this summer covering firesunable to hike becuz of smoke
 1st person to bring me food to the weede swimming pool on campus gets to swim for free for 1 year.
 but more so when intoxicated by dreams in weed n 100proof used as meds ole ways mine vodka n handle the mutual feeling well feelings sense
 neka come anddd smokeee with meeeee 
 @ananavarro makes excellent point lots of smoke and mirrors to hide that a man dedicated to service turned down nsc for competency concerns
 she lovin the view while we smoke   im lovin it too while i stroke
 watched your words go up in smoke
 someone come smoke a blunt and watch inuyasha w me
 the sky is looking like a smoke season rolled into la
 someone smoke with me
 someone smoke with me
 can we smoke a couple blunts  can you tell me bout your mind and the thoughts that leave you stuck 
 if someone wants to come over and smoke with me thatd be cool
 someone come over and pls smoke me up..i have over 9 pieces to chose from 
 ask me to smoke then kat your doing good 
 @flnj312  chris wallace is more dem than gop. i dont watch @foxnewssunday anymore. im slowly weeding out the trumphaters.
 wicked weed with wicked people drinkingbuddies beerstagram asheville christianjpruitt @ 
 someone smoke me out
 @themaineventlbk @realdonaldtrump wrong prices of weed are threw the roof  and if your getting stepped on shit its cheap i grew up in that
 i wrote about upcoming weed dinners for @latimesfood   here 
 i shouldve just smoked some kush yesterday and went to sleep but nooo  i wanted to drink.
 someone comeover and smoke this shisha with me 
 @stephober @alifaith55 ok hippie please go smoke your weed
 bw junior swimmer tyler thompson smoked the field in the 100breast  breaking his own oac record. really impressive swim 54.27 @bwathletics
 can someone please explain why weed is illegal i just dont get it.
 @frenchycyrus someone smoke me out or whatever ill throw ins i dont think ill be able to finish a joint
 someone in homewood smoke me out tonight
 theres an artificial smokescreen working for show 2 and its a huge improvement 
 i like to smoke blunts and watch @familyguyonfox @americandadtbs @clevelandshowtv 
 someone come smoke weed with me so i can eat
 fkn mrs doubtfire is on everyone shut up someone bring me more weed
 nights where all we do is watch movies and smoke are my fav lol
 no  its a modern day smoke and mirrors. when he rants  when he tweets  he is drawing our attention away from what 
 @marktheshark32 @thatzrandum @nivekzitro @jojomouth @shecky14 id be honored to be at that dinner. ill bring the weed and the laughter.
 come witness the mount pleasant hiphop showdown 4smg @ six lounge hookah amp smoke shop mt.p 
 this is not a bobby pin it is a weed 
 someone come over and smoke with me
 sex weed
 omg this weed has me on cloud 100000 
 someone please drive to nebraska and smoke a blunt w me and look at the stars 
 there goes smokin joe again..blowing smoke up your butts..@morningjoe @morningmika @joenbc .. 
 lets go time to cloud the city with og smoke rolltide mobile alabama retrogang lickgang twistupentusmcra 
 yes snoop dog smokes weed and yes playboy is putting naked women back in the magazine... i guess i was looking at the pictures after all
 got my weed confiscated before the show pissed @runjewels
 someone drop me off weed plsssssss
 i remember when i smoked cigarettes and used to want to smoke everyitme anyone else did or i saw someone smoke in a movie
 canada post lost my marijuana package again bunch of crooks watch out peeps
 we all smoke  its ok. @ newport  kentucky 
 first 48  weedquitte  noises  id channel  killer kids. 
 someone asked me if there was weed  i guess they werent looking for wild oat... my bad
 im drunk watching a movie about weed. the ironknee
 someone come over n smoke with meeee
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation  my everyday shit
 come check out our cbd products a great one is our cannatonic cannabis oil. highly effective for pain relief 
 my  my  my  bout to smoke and relax together alwayson grinddontstop @70screwxxx @ las 
 im watching wendy right now while my husband smokes a cig and i want to kill myself but im too lazy to change the channel 
 why you on social media acting like you do..but dont wont smoke 
 anyone travelling sr60 eastwest in eastern polkriver ranchcr630turnpike smokefog advisory. @wfla @wesh check our morning shows besafe
 someone come smoke me out
 @christianbayxxx @teganzayne holy smokes id pay to see that. oh wait  i already have a @cockyboys subscription.   can this be a thing 
 when will someone smoke me out
 someone bring me a lighter and ill smoke you out 
 someone come over to smoke and watch movies with me all night.
 someone bring me weed..
 an entire movie where jubilee steals logans cigars to go smoke with her queer partner and show them the stars
 so i told her idontneedpermissionto smoke in bed..anyway  after the fire department came thats when the fight started
 im so hungry but have no way to get food  someone take me to get food and ill smoke you out with a fattie 
 hey how many pots have you smoken guess the movie
 rain drop  drop top  hot bitch smokin marijuana in a crop top
 alot of girls i see starting to smoke bekome js for the weed then most of the times start smoking blacks 
 @ranman09 @kwelkernbc @alexwitt dt is again throwing smokescreen presser so we talk abt media bullshit when we need to focus on russia
 view of smoke from @wtop. 
 sos someone come smoke with me and ill make a huge ass breakfast
 i wish i was at home just so i can smoke all day  go to hartwood acres and downtown
 someone come smoke this blunt with me
 ohio is looking to buy a system to track the marijuana from seeds and harvest to testing labs and dispensaries.  
 @dougbenson will you be smoking on tv or is a pre medicated thing you really breaking ground for publicizing marijuana use in the workplace
 looking around the floors of my car for weed. stonerprobs
 someone chill and smoke these blunts with me ill scoop
 someone swoop ill smoke with you
 assault on media is a smokescreen. media always seeks the truth in free societies. it keeps everyone honest and is the guarantor of freedom
 someone come smoke w me.  just bring yourself 
 hobart police put red dots on us just to find no weed or guns but thats cool i guess
 one night sophomore year my friends and i could go anywhere in a limo for 2 hours and we chose to pick up weed above all..
 i need someone to come over and watch netflix and smoke w me.
 someone come to the river and smoke blunts with me. or ill smoke blunts by myself. thats also good
 can you have a hemp seed allergy watch for these symptoms  2016  @superfoodly yes  its possible
 someone come smoke a cigar
 @jeruslayem smoke a blunt with meeeee
 someone send weed lol please.
 so i won a contest from a local smoke shop thanks therashops for hooking me up with enough 
 @krisllanes @lejonnytran @reallylinnea 3 way smoke with dom
 someone sell me some weed
 someone smoke w me tonight tysm
 kant trick me nigga  gotta show us. show me that weed  show me that weed
 @stocktoncobb come over bring weed
 i want someone i can smoke and vibe with
 .@houseofdankness my weed fresher than a newborn. 
 someone come smoke with me outside ok
 launch for @breakfastetcs book  human achievements  at @shedjazz tonite also reading destiny hemphill  laura jaramillo  and yrs truly. 
 kickback tonight once again @10 pm for my birthday   bring weed a bottle or a hoe nigga 
 its so slow today. someone come buy weed from me
 1. pizzagate was a smoke screen. if the media focuses on rumored child sex slavery ring happening at a pizza place instead of the
 this is happening come over n smoke n study bring food 
 do you smoke  no  but you have tattoos  ok and you have the iq of negative 5 sooo...your point
 i want nails like yours but i feel like itll get in the way of rolling my weed... she clearly dsnt know me 
 lmao omg noooo my family is about to watch my cousins weeding when i was in mexicoooooo ......
 and thats why after dinner we smoke blunts
 someone is smoking my weed lol
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
  weeding day  
 mobile weedmen a blessing
 someone plz come over to watch movies amp smoke
 many clouds of smoke 
 if someone brings me chick fil a  ill smoke you up
 @kjgrindwork totally smoke of that
 today chris found some ladys blunt in her car and then she complained saying someone took her brothers weed 
 twitter sucks and i need someone to bring me a smoke. everytime i want to respond to a tweet on my phone i have to sign in. annoying.
 who wants to come smoke amp watch a movie w me and kens
 really pretty garden space  enjoyed the brightness of it and the break from the constant smoke 
 svengoolie  man  id be afraid to smoke so close to all that oil in his hair
 holy smokes glenn robinson
 manhattan stinks of weed more and more by the day  just legalize it already.
 i love playing vs smokeyz because he stay killing and games end quick  @smokeyztv is a god eu h1 player.
 somebody bring me some weed.
 someone smoke a blunt with me holy shit
 someone come smoke
 someone bring me food and weed rn 
 we should build a wall to separate us from canada. anybody ever see that movie kid cannabis
 yeah  baby bring on the weeds  
 waste of timemoney trying to bring it back. its time to jump on the new wave aka marijuana before were behind on 
 wattching the weeding ringer
 someone smoke with me before i lose my mind
 some movies and marijuana . 
 ima smoke my weed and smile. the only thing that can truly bring you down is yourself. i figured that out and now im on top of the world.
 shut the fuck up i dont want your conversation rolling marijuana thats a true vacaaation
 @realdonaldtrump is just a smokescreen while congress and his minions do real damage to the country by repealing sensible protections. 13
 can someone come to my job so i can smoke cigs in their car
 someone come smoke 
 roll some marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 someone come smoke
 someone come smoke
 holy smokes @tortillatat its quinn and coop  @therealshantel @webstervictor 
 this bitch tryna tell me tht because weeds gotten more concentrated people have died i tried not dieing of laughter 
 @thenamesem you smoke and drink you are so cool
 aye someone smoke these blunts w me
 had me flying so high with no smoke...
 someone pick me up amp ill smoke you out 
 someone sell me wax or weed
 thats just how i am when i sale you tell somebody about me i smoke you down
 theres so much weed and good vibes around im overwhelmed im so happy
 ill be glad to get off this metro. smells like instead of water someone decided to bathe in marijuana 
 my mom is such a smoke show 
 alllllllls i want is for someone to smoke a fat ass l with me downtown today 
 i will not date someone that smokes weed point blank.
 someone smoke with me
 blotus will of course lie about this. all just smoke amp mirrors to cover penceryanmcconnell doing their evil deeds 
 taking a smoke strike for a min again.
 snapchat smokers post themselves smoking every day because the weed made them forget they did it yesterday.
 my dog is the friend that always shows up when you rolling up that you love to smoke w| anygays so fuck it. 
 someone come smoke
 at same time we got up yesterday lawnmower mans ot weedeating revving the weedeater outside back door nearby. 10 
 who wants to smoke outside today ditch the hoodie and come relax... @ smoke  manayunk cigar 
 needa hurry and find plans for spring break.. if not itll be a strict smoke vacation 
 @iheartdnique folks bring weed up every sunday  i be like damn
 someone should come smoke with mee
 i was so turnt last night i was telling my whole family about how much i love weed amp they said we all knew that by looking at ur hair 
 stfu i dont want your conversation  rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation.
 i let my blonde hair grow and my weed smoke
 have it how you want it but i prefer mine smoked. @ windham  vermont 
 hey look i smoke too much  the problems of a twenty somethin @ 
 when shes a dime loyal and a sex goddess   but smokes squares. 
 a little afternoon beer tasting @ wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 what does it mean when someone says theyre  smoking a blunt full of ducks lmao he said ite dirty sunday smoker slang is diff everywhere lol
 someone smoke w me
 i had to smoke @wdevinney6 yesterday on 288 
 movies and food under marijuana clouds. happy sunday 
 @foxnews @foxnewssunday @reince good for you chris  thank you for holding people accountable and not allowing the smoke screen
 somebody come over for a tarot reading and bring weed
 someone buy me food or smoke w me.. either or.
 2 hour paid break  someone scoop from work and lets smoke downtown
 as soon as the sun comes out in philly i instantly have the urge to smoke in rittenhouse square.
 so they need some weed   who got weed  and mobile 
 a good program with a strong process has a way of weeding out the weak and the negative bepositive nonegativity
 all i smell is cheap perfume  gin  smoke and lies
 @cafesolefl came over for dinner amp marijuana smell from workers overwhelmed us so we went elsewhere .
 watched this cook at coney come out and sell weed to someone
 so bored someone smoke a joint with me... ill make ya a burger
 @therealelp @nickhook @cuzlightyear @gangstabooqom @gaslampkiller @runjewels any spare tickets i live across the street amp can swap for weed
 @jcomandatore puffin smokes indoors baby
 smelling more marijuana on the slopes than ever for any place in my life. evidently key ingredient to snowboarding.
 how much of the smoke and mirrors of alternativefacts hide the truth fakenewsmedia is not buying what you are se 
 watching weeds
 i need someone to come ova to watch movies and smoke w
 @cmatthewturner  its an unenforcable law ... but  they could be charged if the fd came and determined they smoked.
 omg lmaooo and he was rolling up and asked if i wanted to smoke 
 i wish someone would come smoke with me
 man im so bored someone hmu lets smoke
 there are over 55  no go zones in sweden the rape capital of the eu. they need to deport all that commit violant acts start weeding them out
 tag 3 people who smokes alot  @ uptown 
 hopefully this weed and movie put me ina good mood .
 19 jaquan hemphill averaged nearly 15 points over his last 8 games  has become a reliable amp efficient scorer for 
 omg someone please bring me some weed 
 someone teach me organic chemistry  please ill smoke u out and let u pet my dog.
 why you smoke like that you a fool
 i prefer things hemp crusted   smashing my fav at @mohawkla  warmquinoasalad w hempcrustedtofu vegan  
 someone come smoke up with me 
 when you cant bring water into a festival but you can bring weed 
 smoke weed and have sex with prostitutes. 
 someone smoke w me ill smoke you out
 sheree is crazy. she prefer a weekend. didnt kyrao just got put out of school for smoking weed rhoa
 russ wanted smoke that on purpose so bad 
 im ready to smoke and watch a movie 
 ima just smoke a blunt   grabbed me a snack and watch netflix .. not even going out anymore 
 end of the first quarter and its already 53 to 48  holy smokes
 someone roll up some weed
 lol @ the amount of people that smoke beside the smoke free campus sign outside of rbd
 someone come smoke with me pls 
 i wish i had someone whod come smoke with me whenever i asked. but edgewood so far i know people wont make this mission
 crazy how i really stayed watching this girls sister while she went to smoke smh
 when the paiza comes out of primo rob2thag smoked out en el show de @omarruizoficial og 
 i call these photos the no i dont smoke but im a photographer and these photos looked cool 
 neeed to smoke  someone come over amp ill throw  
 someone smoke and get food with me
 someone smoke me out
 jo and cory was about to get into it so gena started bitching .. jordan says you needa smoke some reefah 
 who mobile and can take me to pick up a sack. ill smoke u out
 someone smoke me out ill buy u chocoflan
 roll tht marijuana  thts a cheap vacation
 someone please come smoke w my ass
 in todays society its more controversial to not smoke weed than it is to smoke it.
 straight showing weedling this tuesday 
 im in a weed coma justin
 someone bring me and mel a pack of sticks and we can smoke 
 im at empty bottle for dan deacon  marijuana deathsquads and air credits in chicago  il 
 someone smoke w me
 wish i had someone to smoke w but then again i like smoking by myself and just going to sleep
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 someone come smoke
 i actually swallowed the rest of the weed and that was when i hit my personal low
 someone smoke me out
 so this old lady just came up to me and said im leaving back to canada and i cant bring this with me and handed me her weed
 so this old lady just came up to me and said im leaving back to canada and i cant bring this with me and handed me her weed
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 im finna smoke dis smoke amp vibe to dom
 is someone in my house smoking weed
 full of that weed rolling off my sc followers 
 lmt if you can bring me blunt wraps and ill smoke you out
 4nem got smoke fa the low low
 @cnni thats to launch shitty weed and shittier people to destroy america. rememberthealamo
 someone bring me weed omg
 i burnt my hair on my nail. now my room smells like weed and burnt hair
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 @babybash reach yet when smoke clears...theres no confusion for anyeverybody accounted for 8amp u already kno so bas 
 ifl road to el dorado. ol chel is dumb thick  nigga got sprung off one touch  they smoke and got el tivo drunk af the first night
 this is cool this is what hapends to your mind when you no you got to smoke chris lets make that. i stem ana gose up.
 its ok we smoke
 1.8 mill yes voters legalizing marijuana tired w 160 ma politicians clock blocking @regulatemass @masscann 
 ill be at hempfield @ mccaskey district 3 opener tonight llsports pagirlshoops @pagirlshoops
 not for my personal items tho cause thats awkward asl but like when i smoked with dude i let him pay for the blunts and weed
 on economic arrogance  via @nytimes zombie failed economic fantasies of gop  fed by voters who prefer smoke mirrors 
 someone come over lets have a smoke sesh
 word up in smoke 80smusicamovie
 @gwatsky what would it cost me to have you play my weeding n.y.c  i will pay for it all  show  hotel food  all of it
 just had a smoke session in the back of the bentley
 trump rallies  coffee and weed. im getting all good vibes today. 
 @fmnjohn @johncornyn so ure saying all this is smoke and mirrors to keep the masses confused. while someone puts in place a nefarious plan.
 tons of public seating and two new dart boards come smoke and take a load off at ssc of 
 @alluponandre shes a fashionable icon  a lovable icon  a spiritual icon  a weed head icon  a barbadian icon  perio 
 smoke and mirrors without the smoke @tcboyle
 @lizakaemily lol thats what i smoked when i smoked. menthol.
 okay so bottomless mimosas  que oil  beaucoup weed  empty space where memories of yesterday should be 
 if you smoke weed because you think its cool.... you are the worst.
 ill have updates from hempfield at mccaskey tonight llsports pagirlshoops @pagirlshoops
 someone come over today and smoke with me
 just got my ass handed to me by my mom because i smoke on the roof
 25 of time for vast smoke amp mirrors. currently fed taxpayers  then nyc and mar a lago polic 
 @masscann weeding out the stoned  the game show of sobriety tests  223 at @theriottheater in jamaica plain  ma 
 but ya be all about getting smoked out and looking good for social media 
 @masscann weeding out the stoned  the game show of sobriety tests  223 at @theriottheater in jamaica plain  ma 
 weed out politicians obstructing marijuana  meet 98 yr old finding relief httpst.cor6b5qlidz5 @weedfeed 
 shoulda been this way half these cops low key smoke weed anyways  
 view from grand loop rd sw quad. black smoke hotter  closer to fire gray smoke cooler  smolderingfurther away wildfire yellowstone
 i met the sweetest old lady at the weed store last week 
 if roses become weeds in your eyes  and weeds stay weeds  your eyes have robbed your perception of beauty.
 and the sun broke out of the clouds. the angels sang. people began smoking marijuana recreationally without fearing recourse from authority
 sex weed and garlic bread
 yooooo i just witnessed this mustang thats been flying around get smoked by a hyundai sonata 
 @deeeebers17 our betting processes have been effective in weeding out terrorism and probably too strict on normies
 then the lord will create over all of mount zion and over those who assemble there a cloud of smoke  . . . 
 boys who smoke r cool amp all until u kiss them and they taste like ur chewing on a burnt log
 nothing more than a smokescreen hocus pocus to deflect from the truth only the desperate  believes this was true 
 thats 1 day down smoke free  
 @mohansolo bring weed
 someone come smoke wme
 @pouderleyer first its weed then its meth... gate way drug
 someone come sit outside and smoke with meee
 i used to be so precise with my motions  and i let the weed take that away from me
 @colemark well yes but more like sweetalertmany dispense  such green. many weed. wow  success @t4t5
 watched milo yiannopoulos on @billmaher  totally ludicrous dill weed
 a potluck but only with food prepared with weed. a true potluck if you feel me.
 met alot of dope people and smoked alot of great bud too.
 already thinking about this j im about to smoke on the way home
 rly want weed 
 someone come over and smoke this with me  
 looking for more weed.... 
 someone smoke w me 
 @gettingdoug dudes we have some newer  amazinger  weed why not have sequoia wellness deliver again
 ok we get it u smoke weed
 @dustinreding you dont believe in smoke show sunday
 @tommychong @iamcharlogreene @ohioganja ok  its smoke time
 on top of old smokey 
 someone come smoke with me
 someone smoke with me and by someone i mean the usual people that i smoke with
 if you sell weed . i mean ok cool whatever thats your business... but are you gone do that for the rest of your life 
 ick... katie smokes pumprules
 stop being a follower and smoke healthy 
 honestly just need a female to vibe  smoke and watch the simpsons with. is that too much to ask.   pleaseandthankyou
 lemmy remains unimpressed with the smoke detector. edbury remains unimpressed with sweet 
 i only pay for weed with quarters
 i just want smoke and watch anime with the snacks
 i guess its cool to smoke weed out side of the restaurant youre about to eat at
 someone sell me their old ds fr tbh ill probably only pay like 20 bucks and ill smoke with you cause theyre like 30 online but still
 mccaskey tops hempfield  sets up rematch vs cedar crest. my gamer  plus photos  llsports pagirlshoops @pagirlshoops
 honeycombclear next gen cannabis oil is top shelf next to its self  take control today 
 honeycombclear next gen cannabis oil is top shelf next to its self  take control today 
 @enylanad ok but im pissed weve never smoked together
 lost my weed in times square but thats okay because ill take it as a sign to stop for awhile
 smoke marijuana watch cost a hundred crib got remarkable views
 a dogs purpose makes me think smokey amp sami are w other owners as different dogs rn amp im not ok w that
 richard nixon wrote a letter to public colleges telling them to pull all information on hemp from your libraries.
 someone smoke with meee
 head in the clouds tryna smoke your way out it
 iso someone to smoke and watch cosmos with
 you get a citation for weed not for being an illegal citizen if you dont like it mexico awaits you es 
 someone bring me a lighter amp ill smoke this blig w u
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacaaaation 
 i no lie get paranoid someone will confront me randomly when im hotboxing just because theyre against weed amp i dont like confrontations.
 rollin marijuana thats a trippycation
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 someone smoke w tues.
 shut the fuck up i dont want your conversation rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 someone facetime me while i smoke this blunt
 its like burning sage... but weed r creezy
 29daysofheart my family history mom79diabetes  dad79rip  sis56cholesterol  sis55diabetes   bro54 smoke 
 someone in slidell smoke w me 
 just finished watching last seasons season finally of shadesofblue holy smokes cant wait for season 2 to begin
 someone come smoke a cigarette with me
 dab of the day watching the weed show on youtube. chefmal malpanda thevillage blackumbrella 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 which one do you prefer to smoke
 @themaysman yeah moe just texted me and asked if i wanted to smoke toms weed with you and him this week haha. ill bring a disposable.
 on the corner of canal and broadway where that huge sign says love me shrouded in graffiti and the stench of weed
 @kirklandw kermit  i hope that is a blunt stay highstay green. cannabiswellness
 can we lauryn hill and chill can we smoke a couple blunts can you tell me bout your mind and the thoughts that leave you stuck
 let my blonde hair grow  let my weed smoke
 someone come over lets smoke this blunt
 lets smoke a couple blunts amp talk about life
 hotboyturk hotboyturk32 came thru smoked 1 of them danddsausage with rebirthcreolebbqsauce 
 @govmarkdayton its all about money and not health  then add fuel to the fire if you add the marijuana bill  you people are set up for fail
 makeadifference at weeding therapy with ugarden  volunteerathens 
 me when people smoke weed on campus 
 someone tell my nigga hal to wake tf up so we can have a smoke break.
 cool that d.a.r.e. is trying to teach my 12 year old daughter that marijuana has more tar and causes more cancer than cigarettes  gg
 its not the beginning of spring. its pothole season. holey smokes
 fabulous location versatile living space 33 plus builtin smoker  garden shed  pond and new 
 someone come smoke a blunt with me
 great weed amp good movies 
 @adammkaufman starting to be some smoke out of georges camp too. think its bkn pick  crowder  boston 18 pick  and filler
 straight to smoking weed  having sex amp drinking from what i see 
 someone pick me up from school  ill smoke you out
 sos someone smoke me out at lunch lol
 thingsisayaftersex do you smoke after sex idk i never looked
 just bring my weed 
 putin is the leader you get when you have a society that allows doctors to smoke when performing surgery.
 you can slowly weed the strong from the weak and eventually all the weak run together and try and break your greatness
 so your weed is weak  
 @chasta want me to come in and cover for the weedman i am looking for work hell  ill do it for free just for the experience.
 seats are hard to come by for todays house judicial committee hearing on medical cannabis oil bill @wgxanews 
 idc how dense new york is im still gonna look at u weird if u lean against the high school to smoke yr cigarette
 ab75 new medical use of marijuana  the regulation of marijuana distribution entities  requiring the exercise of... 
 way to smoked out and my rig paid the price rip 20152016 lol
 when someone tell you they miss you by showing if the smoke ring on their ribs. smoke 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 alabama coushatta legget @ smoke shop 
 if somethings bothering you  smoke.  if it still bothers you  its an issue
 @soursparks no way she on meth  she woulda looked 35 already. really good weed amp maybe some coke every now amp then.
 theres extra credit for a study on people that smoke weed or drink alot. ayeeeee 
 idc if im sick im ab to stand on the porch in my boxers amp smoke dis blunt doyafeelme
 taken on the corner of what has become known as the synthetic marijuana capital of america  with 
 well does someone wanna frickin smoke hellllloooooo
 @dariennmariee1 @igeha add this song to your playlist for when you smoking weed and vibe out 
 .@tengop ..... vfn .... very fake news ..... committed to lies .... more lies ....and out right lies........and some smoke and mirrors
 its cool if you want my alcohol or weed but dont lie about it or not offer to at least pay me back. fuckdd up
 its cool if you want my alcohol or weed but dont lie about it or not offer to at least pay me back. fuckdd up
 man back on new years  i smoked a joint with an ex president  austin chapter.  yall gained a new follower 
 just want a dude to smoke all day amp watch netflix with
 ill be over here somewhere in the corner under clouds of marijuana
 someone smoke w me an lex
 the teacher that was not only cool as fck but you also knew she smoked reefer on the low   
 @lakers didnt wait til the end of the season to weed out the deadwood  and i am thrilled about it thank you @jeaniebuss thank you future
 i always see the most beautiful girls at the weed spot when im looking the most raggedy and homeless lol
 overly dense weed be making me so suspicious 
 the process weeds out the weak... 
 so i just copped from someone new and bruh hopped in my car with a blunt in his hand  handed me my weed and asked if i wanted to hit the l
 i just wanna smoke 1000 blunts and watch dumb movies like sharknado
 hobbitish without a  lot of effort.  already has a totally smoked up interior.  other neighbor will probably buy  rehab it.
 @zakbagans or move to rockwall...all our.restaurants are smokefree....lol
 @yungbodakblack @ayalagotsole whoever rolling these wasting weed.
 who the hell is smoking weed in the lego movie
 @samelpan ok true i was thinkin weed and molly mostly but im sure some ppl think im a fan of crack
 4nem got smoke for the low low 
 know them boys wanna see me broke down shut the fuck up i dont want your conversation rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 i need someone i can vibe and smoke a blunt with late at night
 someone pick me up and take me back to orange county from la   ill smoke you out the wholllleeee way home ahahahah
 thats a smokescreen hiding the truth. @loishenry @cenvalair
 i need to get some rest right now im so fucking high at the moment.....lean and weed got me so weak@realayanacharm @kendricklemmy
 my dad gave me a big bag of weed he got for free im going to make hash oil with it just started grinding it and someone in telepathy said
 i need someone to smoke w and vent too 
 why did you put your marijuana in your bible
 mercedes tx smokefree smokefreecommunities 
 lol someone was smoking weed 
 im watching a movie and this guy hit a a bong and then immediately started talking and no smoke came out what a fake.
 someone smoke me a bowl and ill be the happiest alive
 smoking weed looking at your picture. @rickyrozay
 already need @yosupaaronheard to come home and smoke with me this sucks
 omg i got some smoked salmon at aldi today for really cheap and it tastes amazing
 someone sell me weed
 i was trying to fall back from smoking weed for a lil while but after the way today has gone  im twisting some soon as i get off work.
 @loishenry @cenvalair the rise in pm2.5 several days later shows the effect of the wildfire smoke.
 i smoke good on the regular whitelinesalbum imjustdifferent sony rocnation theworld philly 
 lemme roll some weed and twist my hair
 sir  some of us care about our lungs amp this is a smoke free campus.  please smoke your cigarette elsewhere. thanks.
 @lawrence i am so happy that  someone has finally mentioned bannon who is running our government. trump is only a smoke screen.
 shut the fuck up i dont want your conversation  rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation.
 id like to confess to wearing a hemp necklace in the late 90s
 just remembered we have takis in the kitchen holy smokes
 @kathryntappen it might take you until after midnight to show all the goals from tonight. holy smokes goalie union on strike today
 more smoke amp mirrors by head cheeto. im pod amp i dont like trump or the gop and i show up to town hall mtgs in my 
 someone facetime me while i take some dabs and smoke a cigarette. ill love you forever
 when you leave weed in your grinder but someone uses it without knowing
 @dereksilva but downtown isnt just business  its someones backyard  someones neighbourhood  and it gets left like a stye due to smokering
 @missyteaparty @andieiamwhoiam cannabis has no effect  pro or con  on iq  which youd know if you had more of an iq with which to work 
 thats a wrap  the 2017 frc season is in the bag  along with smokey 10 looking forward to peoria amp milwaukee 
 someone smoke with me before i leaveeeeee back to school
 if someone wanted to bring some pot over and smoke me to sleep ... pls
 we all need someone to smoke and listen to old rampb with
 baldo shows me love for loyalty thats why hes my weed daddy
 @cecilialara you dont have to tell me. has to be vanessa. shes a special ed teacher  great family  perfect teeth  and a total smoke show
 thats cool ill rather smoke at the crib 
 @king5seattle @jwhittenbergk5 the lotto was to support edu and now the sales of marijuana .no taxation without representation 
 shop by myself  get my nails done by myself  eat by myself  see movies by myself  smoke by myself 
 someone come smoke
 just realized hes spending it on weed  hubby will be hubby  aggy
 someone smoke with me
 someone smoke me out
 literally my friends when im already drunk but i hear someone say aye u tryin to smoke come on  
 literally me when im already drunk an i hear someone say aye u tryin to smoke come on  
 someone take me to get food  ill smoke you out
 ill trade someone a couple grams of weed for a pack of smokes. sos
 i told you before that im delusional not having weed to smoke is unusual
 im low key starting to hate niggas that smoke all day and dont do shit with they life
 someone scoop n smoke w meeeee
 my kids lebanese piano teacher was just arrested for deportation.he was busted for weed yrs agoi knew feel safer
 here to testify and plea to the medical cannabis review panel to add opiateaddiction to the list of qualified cond 
 someone slide to newman and help me w this paper and ill smoke you out of something please
 shut the fuck up i dont want your conversation rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation 
 someone smoke
 i love when i tell someone  ima pick you up lets smoke amp theyre like im down
 i lose 2 followers after i made this tweet. im weeding out all you sensitive people. 
 people have some nerve  its a smoke free campus so yes im giving you the stink eye so you can put out your cigarette 
 anyone care to help weeding all this vinyl decals  weeding work vinyldecals stickers 
 my mama be wanting me to pay her back in weed now  thats my bitch.
 then the lord will create over all of mount zion and over those who assemble there a cloud of smoke  . . . 
 is james okeefe about to smoke cnn tells hannity hes set to release hundreds of hours of newsroom footage  
 whencaliforniasecedes it can become its own people loving  weed loving country. and ill be joining them. 
 when you just remembered that you have weedgt
 @jeffxgeee oooowwwwwwwww my boi good looking smoke sooomemuch love
 someone bring me a taco and ill smoke you out
 day 1 nooo weed 
 i can not smoke in a dirty room. i will seriously volunteer to clean someone elses room before we smoke.
 love walking through clouds of cigarette smoke blessed
 dallas police pention plan estamated to go bankrupt 2018 already has if dallas legalizes marijuana use and taxes it properly into pentions
 yet  this stranger drunk off budweisers high off someone elses weed said something that pierced my soul in ways family amp friends could not.
 i was having a good morning until someone decided to smoke in front of the class
 @coachhuddleston true but no team in a medicinalrecreational state is going to sign him. hes gotta stay away from the weed.
 they have environmental concerns  then why the toxic smoke too lazy to clean up their own trash. 
 rolling around in the shitmobile tryna bum smokes 
 someone be my friend and pick me up   ill smoke you out 
 every industry is up for innovation and renovation. robotic weeding in fields. rocket launches. automotive. burgers. @vkhosla startupgrind
 i love traveling in ca. the view behind my truck right now in weed  ca. ilovetrucking weedcalifornia 
 core immigration question do you support open borders truth please  no smokescreens. make your case.
 just hanging out and advocating for a smokefree generation in minnesota @heartassocmn 
 someone bring me soup plzzz ill smoke you out
 so if someone wanted to smoke and just let me vent to them that would be strait asf.
 @rbreich smoke and mirrors. you lost and have nothing. no power to stop trump except propaganda and lies. your game is transparent.
 teen movie voice  got a smoke  grandpa
 about to listen to classic jayz smoke amp clean up 
 thanks @barbhaleymn  for meeting with us today for a smokefree generation mnleg @smokefreegenmn @acscanmn 
 i hate people who smoke weed just to look cool they dont even like it they just post to look cool like go fuck urself ur not cool
 nukes in bales of weed is a longstanding  not totally unrealistic thing.  that or cat litter to muffle the rad 
 can 700 come any sooner i just wanna make dinner and smoke blunts with @brix0
 @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump @prisonplanettv @brietbartnews @paul nehlen i think this hey dog and pony show is smoke and mirrors
 oh no the marijuana psychosis came back. 
 watching the boondocks in class today. good thing i smoked
 someone come smoke the rest of this bag wit me 
 what did we do @themightybeast puffpuffpassing extra goodvibes your way from smoke 
 @sscory80  snapchat nothing but weed 
 so this is how my day is going. someone replaced my weed with tea 
 handcrafted  gourmet cannabis chocolates from gron pure cbd amp 11 thccbd barsdelicious pdx cbd thc 
 @wordsmiff @haynes @elcoltonshow  here is some good music to listen to while you are rolling up the weed 
 is james okeefe about to smoke cnn tells hannity hes set to release hundreds of hours footage wikileaks style 
 @factorstalcott legalize weed tax it and pay debt down it will come down in a hurry so smart gov so dumb
 someone come smoke me up
 someone come get me lets smoke
 its all smoke and mirrors
 yea i was a fool thinking i was going back to them classic. lettttttt meeeee geeetttt a hemppppp
 bring me weed without me knowing gtgt   now thats love
 if you put in on this weed then you can hit somethin
 i hate not having someone to smoke with
 im at smoke modern barbeque in charlotte  nc 
 someone come to my bed and smoke me up pls
 someone smoke me out.
 my mindset was that i was unstoppable.   holy smokes. thats how you do a buzzerbeater  and thats how you do a postgame interview.
 when you meet someone and weed comes up and your just praying she says she smokes dealbreaker weedenthusiast
 can someone bring me some sour candy please i will smoke you out
 just told my grandma i wanted to become a weed plant when i died.
 can someone just smoke me out ill get you back i promise i just really not alright
 all 7 and well watch them fall. stand in the way of love and we will smoke them all..... 
 i think its sooooo tacky when ppl promote their weed on social media to the public verses sending a dm
 tonight womancrushwednesday  your 1 midweek spot to  smoke hookah  vibe  jam byob nocover 
 my cousin said smoking weed is better than sex.. i looked at him crazy asl. he was like at least you know weed wont cheat on you
 @stellebelle yes  they do and its horrible. its cost a ridiculous 225k. i watched a @tesla modelx smoke it on the track on youtube.
 female all you do is smoke and lie  me tuh..  
 not really. more smoke more mirrors 
 someone lets smoke
 when someone compliments you by saying they love your hair bc its purple just like their marijuana.
 ...but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke  thoroughly used up  totally worn out  and loudly proclaiming wow h.s.t.
 hey wouldnt it be super dope if someone came and smoked me out rn wow thatll be so dope
 i just said doing weed amp smoking homework when someone asked me what i was up to
 tag someone whod smoke this and follow potporn  @ got weed    weed california 
 someone come smoke with me
 ohhhh bankroll amp a bag of weedddx
 is james okeefe about to smoke cnn tells hannity hes set to release hundreds of hours of newsroom footage  
 sos today is about to be the first day of 2017 that i dont smoke weed someone please come in clutch
 wow im watching marijuana cooking on @viceland channel right now. bong appetit p
 head in the clouds trying to smoke yourself out of it
 someone come smoke with me 
 @laurlaur30 if kenya told you this its probably a lie  she sucks ass at smoking weed.
 i was running around her house looking for a lighter and she comes to me like what are you looking for  your smoke 
 sex  love  and weed thats all i need. thats all anyone needs.
 @morningjoe @morningmika @nbclou @michaelsteele pitched @wh weed out hate idea wtrump tree planting  gave @vp yar 
 i just want to smoke a joint and lay up with someone. hair in my face good music and whatever not. thats all shit.
 the weak will always find a way to weed themselves out
 this is my garden. order yours today for spring planting. no dirt  no weeds  and waters itself in this aeroponic sy 
 we hear that the @denverpolice has set up social media pages to entrap cannabis buyers...be careful out there .they are acting like gestapo
 feeling particularly sassy today in my ole smokey tennessee moonshine trucker hat.  if my 
 i want someone to smoke this 
 foenem got smoke for the low low
 my cousin called me to smoke a bluntthis wknd already off to a good start
 holy smokes always watch that rear view 
 @tnielsenhayden @pecunium so true. our departments fail to weed those personalities out at the beginning.
 i need someone to chill amp smoke with thats all
 someone come visit me at work and bring me food. ill love you forever and smoke a blunt with you.
 i smoke on snapchat because i feel and look cool says the head ass
 5 bottles of wine  weed amp 1 bottle of meade for 5 wonderful women  ladylove nastywomen winewednesday weedwednesday
 @jojokearsley lectures are what weed is for
 @sethrogen didnt you make a movie about this  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 .@nbc6 chopper view of @miamidadefire venting roof at tile business in west little river. smokey scene possibly spa 
 @chriscalamari lmaooo true. that boy cant hold his weed.
 make me some food ill smoke this whole eighth with u lol
 someone come smoke with me
 last year i got arrested for reeking of marijuana in math class 
 @sach328 come pick meamp ryan up we can smoke illegal things
 @makinnplays nah i prefer them over smokers lol so idc
 i think hatred of this vile weed can bring our country back together. 
 @dannyduke me offering u weed in kc but ok nvm 
 it was cool hanging out with homegirl amp her kid but damn i was almost so late to work this morning. somehow still busted out a smoke amp bike
 why didnt any smoke come out of your mouth 
 someone come smoke 1
 theres a guy driving around tech holding a sign out of his window that says keep calm and smoke weed 
 @gabrielcanna now stocked up  come check out our newest partner and smokey some of 
 this gop senator is weeding out democrats from his events  attendees say  via @huffpostpol  chicken
 btw ion smoke just letting this be known
 someone come smoke a b w me or sell me a g. i need a blunt asap.
 someone set me up with a man  ill smoke u up
 @jwmario @go2sleepjj well yeah anyone can grow ditch weed i think she is looking for some high quality stuff 
 @aliseraj1 @dylanbyers @brianstelter @cnn one must watch the weeds in their own backyards first before trying to address others  i.e. afg.
 were hiring click to apply reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive chicago  il
 all niggas do is lie amp smoke
 gop congressman says terrorists can hide nukes in marijuana bales and thats why we need a wall  
 aha  smoke alarm has. even reset amp cinergy can make snacks amp such in comfort for there movie growers 
 rivers were slick with oil. smoke clogged the skies.this is what gop wants. 
 this gop senator is weeding out democrats from his events  attendees say   via @huffpostpol
 i play korn to my dmt plants  smoke blunts all day and do sex stuff
 @ceezus5 thats what i took from it smdh its just weed
 med weed comes in prescription bottle  rec weed comes in baggie. @joshgerstein @glennthrush
 @cranekicker @meechone @ppdjoemurray @youtube 420 days ago everyone smoke up
 gop congressman says terrorists can hide nukes in marijuana bales and thats why we need a wall   seriously
 i lost my mlife card already  my hair reeks of smoke  i have no idea what time it is and its time for a bloody mary
 this gop senator is weeding out democrats from his events  attendees say  elevate him on target list to unseat
 enjoying a smoke with docjamescigarlounge nowsmoking docjamescrew botl cigarians 
 @draglikepull legacy of being laughed at by the cool kids that smoked pot
 let me come over and watch movies ill smoke u out
 yes   smokey and the band git
 someone come smoke a backwood and talk politics with me
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 someone smoke w me
 for the weed smokers  why do yall share blunts or whatever why not erbody have their own why you suckin on somethin behind another dude
 @brooklynspoke all those legal weed entrepreneurs are such a natural constituency for the party of entrepreneurs dealing w red tape.
 idc my smoke playlist is so gotdamn peaceful
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 denver social marijuana advisory group works through details  but disagrees about alcohol  
 nobody is more aggro than weed lovers
 @politicswolf you get the johnson voters amp the stein voters with legal weed.
 so my og @morejaylen   taught me more about the cannabis.helped me build the image for my empire. he came out rolling more blunts than me
 ok  but there are other ways to cope w your problems but you choose weed. dont  justify your reasoning to make oth 
 rn my dads telling me how to smoke hash off of a dennys grill
 i smoke to smoke idc
 @meridithbrown omg i tried looking up the one buffalo wild wings  ive been sending you smoke signals and i couldnt find it anywhere
 stfu i dont want your conversation rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation.
 want someone to smoke with me 
 thats some good weed lma 
 thats some good weed lma 
 sadly my prediction on @aroundtheempire podcast w @danswright amp @joanneleon came true rollback of marijuana laws 
 @macandgaydos who would smuggle a bomb in a bail of marijuana something illegal theyre already looking for hahaha
 professor puts on holocaust movie  leaves for 2 hours  smokes a pack of cigarettes walks in chipper af and tells a holocaust joke. k.
 professor puts on a holocaust movie  leaves for 2 hours  smokes a pack of cigarettes walks in chipper af and tells a holocaust joke. k.
 someone smoke this blunt w me so i dont have to face it 
 @go2sleepjj i knew it was over when this happened  trumps pick for attorney general good people dont smoke marijuana
 @seanspicer i hope you crack down of fakenews like cnn that lies about cannabis like this 
 someone smoke meeooowwt 
 anyone have a plug in vegas that would deliver some weed to someone for me 
 mccaskey coming off 4825 firstround win over hempfield llsports pagirlshoops @pagirlshoops
 when someone asks who smoked all the weed 
 gop congressman makes outrageous claim about nuclear bombs in marijuana  via @@hightimes
 someone come smoke a bitch outt
 @goodbyethirdway @radleybalko im a trump guy but not on this. if i didnt drive a truck i would smoke. way safer than alcohol. im with you
 where theres smoke theres fire  watch out @potus its getting closer inpeachtrump 
 @9news watch out colorado trumps coming after your weed 
 true friendship vic coming over to drink beer and watch me pull weeds and pick up my backyard
 hey to each its zone. lol personally i like weed. 
 @davisjkane ha fortunately  the battery started to smoke while we still on the ground  just hustled our way back to the gate.
 someone smoke w me 
 @justinjohnson11 @dreamstudiogtrs @levysleathers @sonuusofficial that tune has a smokey  bluesy  someones being bad kinda vibe
 idc how old i get. ill never smoke with or in front of my parents. thats just disrespectful
 @alamoontherise add... trump admin battling for deconstruction of the administrative state plans crackdown on recreational marijuana
 someone smoke w me downtown before i have to work this night party
 @conradmeyland come to california and smoke legal weed and play rock band greenday
 weve taken a lot of weed virginities 
 true life i cant afford my weed dependency
 @mikepence endless rhetoric endless smokescreens to fool the citizenry and never  ever any tangible proof. just hot air. show me the beef.
 just tryna smoke and vibe
 everyone come over and smoke and cuddddddle and watch movies and eat fruit all night
 @realdonaldtrump    please do not let ag....sessions go after marijuana. it will drive many many voters to the democrats.
 someone come smoke me out
 took a nap today where i dreamt that trump legalized weed but taxed it to pay for the wall 
 making ohio proud this gop senator is weeding out democrats from his events  attendees say   via @huffpostpol
 watching weeds.... again
 someone come smoke with meeee 
 @michaelconnally so weed smoking tends to fall on a more social issue
 bible verses related to marijuana @ eagle rock  los angeles 
 more bible verses related to marijuana @ eagle rock  los angeles 
 you get the weed  ill bring the alc
 @breadforthecity i would love to help your garden grow  do you need volunteers for weedingseasonal planting
 monkey n a tree  smoking a joint  lizard crawls by looks up and says whats up come on up  lizard smokes gets super thirsty  goes to the
  me. very true i smokes hella weed 
 someone smoke with me
 denver social marijuana advisory group works through details  but disagrees about alcohol 
 1 day without weed life is meaningless im already irritable 
 @wsgourmand on youtube  good show come do a remote in worcester  talk food  smoke a cigar. @massfoodies will show you around our city
 @sallymell hey writing a story about a study on smoking for class. looking for a heavy smoker. simple qs could you please talk to me thx
 here is sean spicer being asked about ar cannabis  thx to @jdirtforever for the link.  rec bad med ok.
 @joyannreid @abc and weed smokers too
 thats not true i dont smoke 
 currently have 4 days and 11.47 to plans a weeding 
 eat amp smoke with meeeee.  
 if someone brings me a wood or a sweesher ill smoke you out 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation  my every day shit
 im just tryna smoke  but someone took my weed 
 @factorstalcott its real simple legalize weed tax it and pay debt and watch it disappear
 but i dont smoke or have sex 
 somebody bring monopoly and weed to the telly please
 im gonna start using the thin pages of the bible as my new baggies to sell weed
 spicer expect to see greater enforcement of federal marijuana law   medical so folks not pay 4 big pharm  pay tax
 my dad likes to mess around and roll his sushi like hes rolling weed. i guess thats where i get it from 
 honestly i just want to watch every star wars movie and smoke like 15 blunts thats sounds like the perfect night
 when all your sweaters low key smell like weed 
 um i wanna be off now amp smoke 7393833038 blunts ok thx
 someone bring me hot soup ill smoke ya out haha
 just tell them they smoke reggie and they will be furious
 im not insane but im halfway there you can tell from the smoke rising from my molten hair
 @marijuanabank family is well. you sure have a versatile entrepreneurial personality the cannabis boom in central ca is huge
 the saskatoon meewasin byelection is next week. we asked candidates about marijuana regulation. what do you think 
 @xeni totally. i have made zillions of bad choices. i mean  i smoked crack when i was 16.
 be wanting to vibe out and smoke to that and its only 2 mins long
 calm down everyone. yes the nuggets looked flat but hey the pelicans got smoked by 30 after the huge trade for cousins.
 cierra just got back from doing maneuverability and she said im a professional  i need a reward im bout to smoke lmaoo
 i smoke 8 cigs a day amp love anime while looking goth on tumblr  also lil peep is amazing   section of social media is so... dirty looking
 its all just smoke and mirrors.
 if im rolling up my weed  im rolling down some panties 
 @thepremise @akamotherto3 @cnnbrk neither will trumps chances by enforcing strict laws on marijuana 
 bring me sticks and lets smoke lol
 hesperia chamber morning coffee. large crowd here to listen to bbampk talk about prop 64 and medical marijuana laws. 
 conflict is between states and federal. leaving the enforcement officers helpless. medical marijuana ok  recreation 
 i got so many songs to smoke and vibe to now.
 then they came for the marijuana  and  i am furious  @washingtonpost
 with new 200k memberships at your golf course  you can give away a pound of trump brand weed bruce bannon telltrumptolegalizemarijuana
 know the words of god to weed through false doctrine. avoid false teachers. follow christ and be one with him throu 
 1 4.87 is not 4  it is 5 2 where does this exist please show me 3 krogers 4 bouquets look like weeds 
 drowning the whitehouse in black oil and coal smoke.
 very false  we do not all smoke boags 
 time to smoke after class to celebrate
 man i already smoked
 im glad i decided to wake up and smoke because i caught this surprise frank ocean beats1 show. 
 tryna smoke  lay up amp watch movies 
 want to earn 100 and know someone whos a longtime smoker refer them to us if they 
 somebody bring me some weed to rollingwood
 @pierre  it is all smoke and mirrors  whatever fills the narrative he needs to tell so there is no rhyme or reason or even standards..
 lunchtime @ smokes smokehouse 
 @daytonanurse im 65 yrs old im going to smoke pot if i want to .thx for liking my tweets. will follow u now have a great day
 illegal weed and private prisons  w all this prisoner money  america is coming up milhouse fridayfeeling 
 @colemancountry @weatherman2709  i blow smoke out my ass by saying poor are better off than nicaraguans amp laura miller is ok to work here
 why do classes keep coming on the nature trail goddamn im just trying to smoke some weed
 @truehill if you looking for some new music to smoke to  check this joint 
 nice to catch up with my old friend smoke in daytona today tonystewart 
 first they came for the marijuana and i said  thats harsh  man 
 @sleeponmonday if you looking for some new music to smoke to  check this joint 
 @ixcjazlynn if you looking for some new music to smoke to  check this joint 
 @ekwalmusic if you looking for some new music to smoke to  check this joint 
 @chakrasopen if you looking for some new music to smoke to  check this joint 
 @introtowifey if you looking for some new music to smoke to  check this joint 
 i love how you can smoke weed to get high and then smoke weed to bring you down.
 @wickedredkisses if you looking for some new music to smoke to  check this joint 
 @lamashtuebooks if you looking for some new music to smoke to  check this joint 
 giving up marijuana and alcohol for lenten season.
 lebanon i need to hit some boxing practice and i can only box well high  someone wanna smoke me out please 
 good vibes amp weed smoke 
 ok so states have the right to tell people where they can and cant shit  but not what they can smoke @realdonaldtrump contradiction
 someone come smoke and watch movies
 the mccarthy hearings  but to weed out who in hollywood didnt dance out of the movie theater after watching lala land.
 lets smoke some blunts  watch the storm  and just enjoy nature. anyone
 rosewood and fairfax. its food drinks smoke allat. all proceeds goin to my brother family man so gone slide threw. 
 jonathan tyler  holy smokes                          this record includes some of dallasft 
 pick lil mama up and put some weed in the air   now im smashin from the back and pulled her weave out her hair  
 arthur just gave a nigga holding an im homeless sign  in the yak  some weed
 yep looks like where theres smoke . . . @nellybelle3379 @gascholisa @mooredog82 @mistyherman72 @anncleckler @littlemapy
 everyone around me wants to smoke weed and have sex  but i just want to have a stimulating  intellectual conversation with someone
 @majchrzakzach h18bd zachary  love you tons. dont smoke too many cigs tonight  
 significant haze and strong smell of smoke on university of the ozarks campus. 
 more smoke amp morrors to take attention away from pres bannon @realdonaldtrump resist 
 patrick got a hair cut. holy smokes 
 2012 legalize my iguana  2017 can iguanas smoke weed
 mardigrashtx please be a weed man there 
 clark county is looking for members to serve on its recreational marijuana panel 
 so glad its friday bout to smoke and have good vibes with bae
 @ejdionne @maggienyt the smoke and mirrors of the trump admin will require diligence and prioritization on the part of the press
 @realjack  amen to that im all for weeding out dishonorable media they have no honor in their reporting and more and more people know it
 @sensanders medical purposes for marijuana are huge. cancer hodgkins parkinsons epilepsy to say a few no reason to be illegal
 the perfect mct enriched hemp seed oil for those looking for a nutritional boost or maximizing 
 every time i see a cloud of smoke in new york i always wonder is it sewer steam  someone grilling street meat  or just a vape cloud
 when the weed fairy came through 
 dude tyler was totally smokin some weed before this onthespot
 someones either smoking some shitty weed or thats a skunk.
 @spacekatgal without marijuana laws  how will police selectively target action against certain segments of society
 it is necessary to weed out the weak
 i found this joint in my pocket from the growlers concert 3 rts n ill smoke it
 someone meet me at the top of the parking garage at the casino for a smoke up
 amazing flamenco guitar from this dude at disney springs. holy smokes  
 how do you pregame for a justin bieber concert  idk smoke a couple of joints
 should i start a youtube channel and just have random artist interview to smoke and talk about the art craft they have made
 stop asking folks to follow you on snapchat you dont do shit on there but smoke weed and flip your hair
 justin williams with some smoke
 someone smoke w me
 someone smoke w me
 was suppose to get a drink tonight but i havent heard from anyone. soooo  movies  weed  snacks  and homework. 
 someones smoking the ganja in calvert county or cooking meth  livepd
 spent my day with woman unkind  smoke my stuff and drank all my wine. goingtocalifornia @ mumm 
 rolling marijuana thats my everyday ish
 has someone been giving our sticks weed 
 honored to bring the whole proof to sub for @wdelisfort at smokejazzclub this sunday  february 
 these weed brownies good asshit ona low
 if i told someone i had some weed and pizzas on the way it wouldnt be a problem getting my friends to see me though ctfu .
 his eyes holy smoke @gascholisa @interstinman @nellybelle3379 @mooredog82 @mistyherman72 @anncleckler @littlemapy @shoia @marygoad5
 foenem got smoke 4 the lolo
 i wish i was cool enough to have my profile picture be of me smoking weed. bet my current jobs and future jobs would love that. idiota
 @torchez @scottsanders23 ha yeah thats why niko played more tonight. he was good and bulls got smoked with bobby
 @neishkeef the nurse of weed
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 got alot of weed memories with alot of different people.....good times
 i just want someone who is straightforward  down to smoke a lil ganj  drink a lil tequila  and runaway with me and start from scratch.
 if i ever smoke with you and you have a dime im leaving 
 someone smoke w me
 this middle aged man is blowing his hookah smoke too close to me. im pressed
 @2pacslovechild lmao im down. if my father starts smoking  weed is going to be cheaper to come by hahahah
 someone smoke with me
 someone smoke with me 
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 i just wanna sex  smoke and vibes  baby
 someone lets smoke
 someone bring me food and weed thanks
 low key rushed home to toke and watch weeds after work. who knew i could be so satisfied
 they will get smoked idc who it is lol
 someone pull up w weed. 
 head in the clouds tryin to smoke your way out it
 my sister and i are high as hell reading marijuana and hemp articles lmaooo
 wish i was in hawaii so i can say @dajohndontcare or @niggamikee   come smoke this blunt with me
 if you smoke a blunt or eat pho when im watching your snapchat  my salty ass is blocking u bc im@jealous
 low key sleepy low key wanna smoke some more
 lit w my smokey watching a movie w camron fine ass i am happy
 lit w my smokey watching a movie w camron fine ass i am happy
 its 4am and police officers are searching vehicles on campus... already smoked it dude thx though. no but seriously  what
 the details on legal weed after prop 64  
 its 742 and i have already cleaned my bathroom  showered and smoked a bowl. haha.
 march 1st is national weed man appreciation day
 i couldnt sleep so i got me some weed rolling j up
 lets smoke some and listen to gates  
 @simonbentin being a good german meant following nazi rules without protest  ignoring cattle cars and crematoria smoke.  passivity
 alotta weed and alot of ugly on there 
 up early... gettin these woofers cookin caffine and nicotine alot of weed thats all i need @yungmikeycortez 
 my homegirl shared her weed w us or whatever and was gassin it up talkin bout smell it. dat shit was weak as hell lol
 @carter11adgate i say you bring it all on yourself  then we smoke  then we drink
 taking weed donations bc clark decided not to pay me for my work study 
 sharewrit slapdashsat he passes a panhandler with dirty hands holding up a sign.  need  for weed. satire poli 
 this rain makes me want to watch movies and smoke all day
 somehow in europe i didnt have asthma. i now know the cure is diesel fumes  second hand smoke and weak pilsners
 fuck a parade im going smoke my weed and watch supernatural 
 @greggutfeld @ericbolling you draw false equivalency btween prohibition amp weed. alcohol was legal amp rooted deep in society  weeds not.
 some one bring me a blunt wrap and ill smoke u out
 holy smokes this is true.  yet ill always read the old message to remember how amazing it was.  
 we used to have a mutual friend in 2005. wanna sing backup on my bands new record well pay u in weed. 45 yr old who plays dive bars
 @suestannett ty and you too. weeding  putting up birdhouses  making sauce  gorgeous weather  windows open.
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 someone come over and smoke with me
 @jeffsessions you should crack open a book amp properly educate yourself about cannabis too you dirty bitch legalizeit
 someone come smoke these joints wiff me
 if youre gonna post a video of you smoking weed on snapchat  go ahead thats cool and all but please know how to fucking inhale 
 1 reason to become famous is to be a guest on the @ericandre show women   weed   amp money come later
 @sorayuy drumpf voters  steinjohnson voters  writein votes for harambe  smokers  any one who poses with dead animals in their profile pic.
 alabamas already pushed across three runs this inning and has the bases loaded with no one out for cleanup hitter bailey hemphill
 reading about the youtuber who was lets playing for 24hrs. dude takes a smoke  and never came back. rip that man.
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians bensenville  il
 b. himself be tempted by the devil. but hed always come back to us  his beloved family. and i dont smoke. jackie
 address is 1925 euclid ave san diego  92105. well be on around 3304pm come smoke with us its 
 i walked passed someone at the mall amp they were like  someone has a fat sack of weed on them  
 i was so drunk all i do is smoke weed. we get it  youre cool . 
 @tomperez congratulations tom now lets get to work and weed out the gop in dc 
 holy smokes. how did i just now start digging into animals as leaders
 @j17sorto yo tambien wey  smoke sesh when im back fosho
 were hiring click to apply reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive chicago  il
 dealers leaving tentvillage as camper smokes  full view of families amp children @dhvillage @dallascitymgr 
 bout to just smoke and cool 
 lady does the tribe smoke it or only the shaman guy only the shaman  lady well thats different
 perfect weather to smoke amp vibe to some oldies
 dang it mbn to have boo that you can just smoke and vibe with 
 i just remembered i smoked a jay with space jesus on stage 
 lewis smokes stand up double off top of fence
 remy got that smoke...just ask el trumpto... @ security square mall 
 someone smoke w me
 couple of smokes behind walton kubball
 i need to have a firestick movie day. snacks. weed. some wine. sounds amazing.
 6 days without a smoke and i feel amazing. nomoresmoking iquit
 can someone come smoke w me 
 when your weed man deliver.
 someone smoke with me
 im telling yall that marijuana is not bad
 through my mans   and weed basically made us way closer then ever 
 phonehomie says safety first do not smoke and take dabs and drive and conduct an instagram 
 someone smoke wit meeeee
 mess w me amp ill smoke your ass wise words from my dad 
 this cutie is so fine he has tats n muscles n smokes... lock me up and throw away the key hahaha 
 i would pay someone to smoke me up right now
 someone come smoke 
 im at midwood smokehouse  @midwoodbbq in charlotte  nc 
 @lynnkuennen this has been a nonnews day  filled with weeding. rain has been good to offset drought  but weed seed germinates quickly.
 there tucked everything under the rug  shit shana bayder a nutrionist of mine there used to come over during lunch breaks to smoke pot
 a man and his weedshalf a binch        ps thank you to justin 
 wish i had someone to smoke this extendo wit
 lolz no i will not bring back weed for you from colorado 
 rolling the ganjas for the session gtgtgt
 someone whod be down to smoke after a long day gtgtgt
 rl just want someone to smoke with and open up to rn
 its not just you they all look like their mother drank fermented prunes smoked no filtered lucky strikes while the 
 @bluntnetwork i wrote cannabis cocktails.  the 1st book on the topic. 
 chris  is that a weed
 createambianceby creating a smoke fence with a cigar. 
 smoking weed while pregnant will damage your child idc idc idc
 welcome to my new ig here ill share some of my best sex and cannabis wisdom  links to my 
 i just want someone who will smoke a blunt with and watch disney movies with me and my daughter while im blowed af eating pizza
 show boat w a smoke show @ zbt 
 your wcw only smoke at the kickback to waste the weed for snapchat
 someone come smoke w me
 when you smoke four blunts then someone blows your high
 i met some pretty cool ass people in the smokers lounge 
 theres no smoke without reason  its a sign that somethings wrong
 miss having someone to smoke with while he play in my hair 
 dolph gunna come back and smoke this fool
 someone come smoke with me
 low key want smoke but im tired
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 i can watch tombstone anytime 1 of my top 10 movies of all time skin that smoke wagon and see whatbhappens
 someone bring me some weed please
 so true story.. just went outside to my car to smoke while watching willy wonka and starting lighting up. while this is happening i see two
 there are naked women and clouds of weed left and right but i got carded for iced tea.... ok vegas. ok.
 stfu i dont want your conversation. rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 @jessewelle someone told me cannabis is terrible for dogs  but how even ignorance is bliss.
 i like to imagine when im 60  thatll be chris porter.   son. let me tell you how good chris porter was. until he smoked dope in dothan.
 i was able to come into my house catch my mom sleeping amp sneak back outside to smoke then to come back in amp she was  still sleepingsnoring
 im glad the media is weeding out he weak i care more about morals then i do about how many followers
 someone smoke some hookah with me
 sometimes i tell the truth to cover up my lies. sometimes i smoke and drink  na thats really the time 
 someone come over n lets smoke
 for transgenders....all of that shits are smoke mirrors for their biggest scheme  the control of middle east oil fo 
 will someone come smoke a cig w me pls
 @elenaherrera97 i smoked myself out  someone bring me food pls.
 ltwizardofaaahsgt i smoke during sex ltmarthagt wiz  slow down and use a lubricant
 i will plant heart  shaped seeds of love and watch the compassion grow into a jungle of pure bliss with no weeds 
 11 years smoke free...its a great day smokefree anniversary iquit dontstart cigarettesarepoison
 the weed doesnt concern me  its the opiates.
 not just cool but hanging out having a smoke with marilyn monroe cool.  or the other way around.... 
 you not rolling my fucking weed 
 my grandma just compared weed to heroine r u ok
 excited for the daytona500  time to smoke these fools @kevinharvick  daytonaday 
 excited for the daytona500 today. time to smoke these fools @kevinharvick   get this w on daytonaday  @jhibbz17 
 @kittaveli water weed sex food weed in that order
 @lainghome   do you have a new blog i missed.  will be out a few days  so let me know please. and be sure to keep up with your weeding...
 i smoked way too much this morning to be looking at twitter memes
 @lucid4trump @abcpolitics @tomperez thats perfect for him should add a weed blower
 someone come smoke some medi w me
 @lindseypelas i would love to watch you smoke a cig 
 setting the table for this week by going back with camp hillcolumbia  central yorkcedar crest  amp hempfieldmifflin 
 my nigga reading the bible verses about weed to me on ft 
 my friends prefer alcohol over weed i perf we watching himher clutch the toilet while i float in space  
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation.
 my friends prefer alcohol over weed. i prefer watching himher clutching the toilet while i float in space.  
 @sokosweetheart @tbhmaria nurse jackie  shameless  weeds 
 @michealr @leighalei yea amp ill bring someone wholl bring 5 also. so issa 20 blunt smoke session
 someone in denton drive our guitarist to keller pleaaaase @flydecay  well smoke you out
 rollin marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 fb good for surfacelevel keeping in touch w old buds. now tho im weeding them out by looking at their friends. if its wonderbread  bye.
 bullsunite holy smokes the bats are out today. chris chatfield smokes a shot over the right field wall. bulls take a 21 lead in the 2nd
 you must be on some cheap weed. 
 im just trynna smoke a couple blunts at the beach 
 @lainghome watch out  that next knock at your door could be weed enforcement with a citation.
 shut the fck up i dont want your conversation...rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 the weed im rolling gnarly 
 my mom lectures me on the false marijuana articles she reads
 sold out show in london next saturday will have some special guests dropping by  @cconstantinou on lou weed and @brassjon on godless.
 person lets smoke me ok person gets to my house w papers u got the weed me 
 packed house for our race smoker @ @featsportsbar its great to watch the daytona500 with so many of our friends 
 @meetthepress another explanation trump kids were ones in contact wrussia ampwhy he tosses smoke bombs@ media. look what dt did ivankaampkelly
 quadron ceo rosy mondin. the queen of weed. qcc.c is a low float potstock that is profitable could be a very 
 will pay someone to bring food amp smoke this blunt w me
 sunday in this order church by radio  bp 3 buckets  grub  mow amp now weed killing  keys made  rest. sabbath
 @lynnkuennen with rain last night and this morning  im glad i spent yesterday weeding. imagine you are plucking rinos
 lets smoke and vibe 
 someone come smoke with me all day today please
 if you rolling up weed and your kids around ima assume your a lackluster parent .
 beware of the smokescreen... behind it lies the truth. 
 just found out i named my dog after weed  
 roll the marijuana thats a cheap vacationn
 slowly weeding them out
 6 movies tonight lets smoke and watch get out 
 @cnn we will banish the evil illegal mexican weed from our great nation rememberthealamo
 shitty weed  no ctfu 
 @becketybeck information is a commodity and prohibition makes that commoditys price skyrocket.  see smoking marijuana 
 holy smokes flawless sunday blueribbonsushi soho nycepic am970theanswer 
 true. imaah have to come smoke with you one day . 
 about to hit the stage  im bout to slay the runway for the hair show and my hair got smoke coming out at the top 
 omg someone smoke wiff meee
 wild finish  happy to see smoke finally get a daytona 500 win. congrats to kurtbusch daytona500
 you tell them bernie. they think we dont see through their smoke and mirror show 
 im smelling the smoke from the keyboards of the @lastweektonight writers all the way to show time cant wait @iamjohnoliver
 after as close as i was yesterday for the qqq 300  watching daytona500 today was even better. and  smokes finally 
 @leahremini the podcast with @joerogan was great. i listened as i drove my kid around this weekend. you should of smoked the marijuana.
 @yaoicrazy thats a southern dish that is slow cooked in a smoker or oven to the point it can be shedded with a fork easily
 i love sundays fun day. hangout with my friends smoke blunts throughout the day go out to eat amp watch movies.
 @gawditsant she smokes weed btw
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics  he must get kickbacks wanthealingmarijuana
 i told you we dnt smoke on campus
 @navhz wait a second...thats a...a...so is the smoke already up the bottom and hes releasing it or is it being r 
 amp she was telling me how much she loves weed
 fire weed and i always deliver
 i hate watching stories on snapchat of 13 year olds smoking weed. blocked
 nightly smoke to end my shitty  not so shitty  then shitty day.
 @wwpcd nah not like that bro  just wanted to see if someone generously wanted to let me smoke with them 
 someone get pizza w me and lets smokeeee
 someone bring me a lighter or kashirah  bc i need to smoke like now
 running low on weed is terrible
  holy smokes ... while i was in canada for our companys inaugural event i got this email 
 @mmflint if this is true  our president crossed the line. his smoke bombs directed@cellphonesperhaps fbi should look@his aideskids who
 if only i had someone to cuddle  smoke amp watch netflix with 
 last night at bar 145  the band was named swagg and the lead singer said his favorite vegetable was marijuana. then he sang santeria.
 i wish i had someone here that will smoke with me 
 me and @beffojoe just smoked on facetime together
 @kalebcarter12 you definitely gotta smoke couple blunts amp then watch it  its hilarious 
 @bradbrisco as is his smokers hair. yikesonbikes
   you always looking out. you damn near smoke more than me and ian never met nobody that dobut hell yeah you cool asl man
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
   i got that jar from yo job in my hand right nowi put my weed in itbut man you cool asl funny asl. roll up when we touch ofn
 @cnelsonv @mdemforce all smoke and mirrors.
 @callmecurlsss dawg how we getting to in and out. tell someone ill smoke em out for it. the bong will do them just right
 my favorite thing to do is smoke and watch movies. i need a hobby smh
 @realdonaldtrump out that in your pipe and smoke it donnie  fakepresident socalledpresident 
 wish i had someone consistently to smoke with
 btw i hate cops  all good people are weeded out early. all career cops are craven rapacious ghouls
 someone come over amp smoke .
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 in the house by ourselves with a lot of junk food  weed   and just amazing conversations  
 for anyone in love with shameless watch weeds. forever my favorite show
 pay for my college as well as my familys  buy my parents a house  buy a fuckton of weed  then donate the rest to r 
 foenemm got smoke for the low low 
 i see someone had to smoke some dick to the face before bed  
 kurt and i are bedridden bring weed 
 food at the governors ball after the oscars is amazing thx wolfgangpuck smoked salmon 
 someone come smoke
 going to download the movie and watch on friday night while i smoke a joint.
 someone smoke a blunt with the man
 i smoke and drive while watching a movie 
 ltwizardofaaahsgt i smoke during sex ltmarthagt wiz  slow down and use a lubricant
 i can stay up forever just smoking weed tonight and watch netflix
 ok. i am going to bed. i want some lovin  or some weed  or food. yeah... i gotta stop. gn.
 .@newday newday omg @smerconish blames warren beatty  holy smokes... price already took complete responsibility
 dumb ass wasting weed  
 i dont smoke joes at alll.... and i smoked 2 already this shows they got me fucked 
 all i need is someone to smoke with  share cool music with and take rad pics with 
 still looking for people who smoke top shelf 
 @bobbykeenan at this weeding  
 definitely gotta wash my hair it smell just like smoke.
 somebody bring me some weed please
 my cuzins 11 12 years old n they be outside rolling and smokin weed  
 wont see anything like this until 2067. bama is 50yrs behind the rest of the country. its not just marijuana... i 
 @potus i pity the fool president who rejects legalizatuon of weed 
 @rosmini0 thats all i smoke you know this
 pt2 where ill watch the smoke sign from above sending messages of im sorry as your presence burns to ashes in the corner of my mind.
 now i can come str8 home smoke and watch tv or movies .. hallelujah
 honestly if you can smoke a cigarette on campus  you should be able to smoke a joint too 
 rollin marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 im at midwood smokehouse in charlotte  nc 
 now thats a true smoker. 
 .@mattyglesias hoping well get more commentary from you. maybe even a topic on the weeds
 the hour after you smoke is key 
 @maryloveus4 @chris11962 look they have the munchies i bet they just smoked a joint together. senator chuckie  stoner.
 top 5 things i love about life  5. art 4. food 3. weed 2. food after weed 1. wendy gifs 
 goodbye potential new followers....dont read further  the weed is starting to wear off.
 @ericayeee12 @notbrandon69 too bad yall dont smoke but im game i need to see it amp turn my movie critic persona on
 asheville lovin @ wicked weed brewing 
 my neighbor who lives below me just called me and asked if i wanted to smoke  make cookies w her and watch say yes to the dress.
 fellas  did yall have a girl you went to hs with who  at the time  was just ok looking  but now is an absolute smoke
 @isaiahrashad 2 questions my dude... what time is vip for la 1st show amp if we bring you a huge joint will you smoke it on stage hit me back
 be careful what you smoke 
 shut the fuck up i dont want your conversation  rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 fans of @getoutmovie i cannot recommend bill gunns ganja and hess enough. wrote on it for @reverseshot in 2013 
 my amex has smoke coming off it. hey @indians  the omalleys will be at 13 games this year most weve ever done a season to remember
 im ready to smoke goddamn
 deregulate everything except marijuana. cool. fuck off @gop fuck off @realjadedtrump 
 someone in reno sell me weed 
 @gascholisa @mooredog82 @nellybelle3379 @kerstinlis @anncleckler gotta have that smoke lmao
 @roguepotusstaff s like his reasoning smoke amp mirrors to deflect  defer amp deny gop calls this  leadership 
 when you smoke before a show 
 someone come smoke with me and ill make u food
 does anybody have information about the smoke in burke @fairfaxpolice @fairfaxhealth @fairfaxfiredpt
 hope just called me and asked me if i wanted to comeover and smoke and nap and little did she know i was already napping but im not mad
 me when i went to go smoke and remembered i was out of weed 
 @getyouastace lol to smoke my homegirl out here from denver 
 someone come over and smoke with me please 
 auditor general calling on legalization of recreational marijuana to help w budgetjobs  what community leaders h 
 this is how i be looking when i smoke in your mustang @breezi2013  
 can you smoke a maid to cope with the stress of life or does a maid increase ur appetite amp happiness 
 beauty in the weeds... weather clouds phototherapy eyephotou instadaily 
 me at your weeding @lynleytorres1 
 speaking of smoke and mirrors.....httpst.cosr0co7qelv
 @paulfox13 we noticed the plume of smoke when it started in naples all the way in ft myers @redsox training camp 
 @chrisjustinai word i smoke dicks all day
 will an mri show weed
 you say your a smoker  imma roll her up and smoke her down  chris brown
 not storm clouds and soil but smoke and ash in woodward okfire 
 just tryna vibe  smoke and listen to music with someone
 im out of weed someone pm me so i can re up please
 in an ideal world  id get paid to have sex and smoke blunts all day.
 leland guide to flying with reefer  1. dont  
 front passing over wichita now  see the transition from low cumulus clouds to a haze of smoke from the wildfires. 
 someone smoke me up because im a good person and ive been through alot
 storm clouds mixed with smoke are really interesting looking.
 @maddiejconroy love the emoji btw thats alotta weeds 
 will someone just drive to me and smoke me up
 watching weeds from season 1. forgot how funny this show was
 someone lets smoke and cool out to some music later. hml.
 just watch netflix and smoke this blunt with me lol
 holy smokes. look at all the lightning in this huge storm system. mnwx iawx kswx mowx 
 fun fact  you can smoke in the bars down here in good ol mobile alabama
 @taylertexasporn thats alot of weed on your wishlist 
 trump has and is planting a great garden. make america great again. the bugs and weeds are showing up in record  numbers.
 @realdonaldtrump @speakerryan @tedcruz i am not a fan of ryans better way .. he re wrote obamacare smoke n mirrors .. thinks we are stupid
 someone bring me a rello amp ill smoke w u lol
 sleepover smoke session movie night
 i gave up sex and fast food for weed 
 someone bring me a cig amp ill smoke you out  please 
 the most advanced specimen  venue show weed smoker 
 tacos on me tomorrow at cities  just bring your weed and youre good 
 i could benge watch weeds all day 
 someone deliver marijuana
 someone smoke with me
 someone should let me use their optimum wifi... ill give u weed 
 all i do is smoke blunts and sigh
 math homework done  now to smoke a blunt amp watch my favorite movie 
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 60 press 30 do you have weed 10 are you feeling ok 
 i jus want to smoke and vibe with someone
 @theeonlylt  weed man ok you got me there...  thats always been beasley tho... on or off. probably was high
 i did overtime and now imma smoke some weed and probably get the hat w boyf
 smoke allot of weed amp drink allot of water .
 someone  anyone  lets smoke
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation 
 stop making compromises. smoking weed is never ok. abusing alcohol is never ok. premarital relations are not ok. submit to god.
 bring me food and ill smoke you out
 ate  showered  smoked  and read the bible. goooooodnight 
 bring me snax and ill smoke u out
 finna smoke  put mi feet up amp watch shameless
 only if someone came thru with some weed 
 just wanna sex  smoke and vibes baby 
 rolling that weed up without no permission
 @143zmh11111 i gotchu fam just send some weed back and my nigga marrea too. he bouta be out there again lol
 smoke and mirrors people  smoke and mirrors.
 who wants to deliver some weed to the studio in soho
 ciggs are gross but cool if u hit the weed we good.. key word hit the weed not smoke it all the time 
 @ainsleyearhardt no diff btween obamacare and rinocare itis smoke n mirrors get the fed govt out o healthcare bf obama we were fine @potus
 movies season is upon us and im down 47 lbs up 12 lbs of muscle and 65 days no smoke but did have a puff a week ago..never give up baby
 @drakehevey when she starts telling me how bad weed is for you
 rolling marijuana thats a true vacation
 recreational weed is cheaper anyway. i once bought a dub for 7 in seattle.
 wakeup twittercrap is a smoke screen for dismantling democracy 
 you can even tell by looking at our paperclips... we mean business when it comes to weed 
 someone pick me up at my house ill smoke u up
 false alarm yall. its not a dust storm  its just smoke.
 im already high as hell but the weed so good i keep on rolling.
 when i get old im not going be out here looking for for twinks. my old high ass will be smoked out on vacations. my old ass will be lit.
 ole leaching ass put 5 ona weed ass niggas
 thats what they count on smoke and mirrors 
 its all fun and games until your teacher looks over and watches smoke come out of your mouth
 @thatoneafg smoke it w me  drugs are 2 cool
 this break all i wanted to do was vacation and smoke weed but nooo.. you have to pass a drug test if i apply anywhere..
 someone smoke w me
 everybody selling weed nowadays so yall keeping them prices low 
 if chris didnt smoke would get out even be a movie
 my dad rlly be telling me to run my bands up then smoke all the weed i want
 hit the weed a couple times youll be good  
 guess i should watch this weeks episode holy smokes 
 closer by chain smokers brings memories of camp 
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians munster  in
 messing with peoples iphones  healthcare and weed is not going to get you reselected gop 
 we could have a rolling contest amp a joint rolling class for all you blunt smokers out there.
 if youre in cali get out there and vote yes on prop m today. help put the regulation amp enforcement of cannabis into the hands of the people
 if ur going to the show on thursday and can get me in ill pay you back asap. someone stole weed from me and now i have no way to get 
 bravo @mtheatresquare some more wise words about our current show  smoke on the mountain dont 
 nurse asked if i smoked and i looked at my mom and i said yes and my mom looked at me and the nurse goes how many packs and i said none 
 . @mtheatresquare some more wise words about our current show  smoke on the mountain dont miss   tickets 
 huge smoke plume from naples brush fire. travel @stormhour @capitalweather @theweatherch @charlesmccool 
 social media is a smoke screen
 @seanymg i just feel that it is a privilege to be coached by someone who truly cares and with my resume so i weed out negativity
 all i want is sex  love  and weed. 
 @morganmichelee i told mason to come here and fight me and he didnt he handed me the money and smoked with us so whos scared
 rolling marijuana thats a true vacation
 someone smoke us outttttttt
 so plant your hope with good seeds  dont cover yourself in thistle and weeds.
 should i walk off campus to smoke a cig
 @daverosenbergtn testifying to tn senate judiciary committee regarding nashville marijuana citation ordinance. 
 were hiring click to apply reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive job jobs
 plant your hope with good seeds  dont cover yourself in thistle and weeds
 bring me weed
 watched a 5yr old get allergy shots and get spoken to about her low peak flow. her dad flooded room w cig smoke smell. comeon
 heartbreaking to see the hugefaint smoke clouds rolling over the horizon 
 someone smoke w me today
 someone sell me some dank ass weed in the 85132 lmaoooo
 press  please stay focus tax returns  russian hacking  amp business interest lets not fall for the smoke amp mirrors trumpcare maga
 who tryna bring me some weed
 my nails   my hair amp weed makes me happy. not you unfaithful  community dick ass niggas 
 someone smoke with me please
 rollin marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 @f5jackson weeds out the weak
 @bowserangela @aaronlemingnfl think glennon is honestly a smokescreen  but well see
 @jareddxo  like marijuana or weed are curse words
 the bomb headshop looking for a way to smoke without bothering others around you if so come 
 lubbock was covered by a cloud of smoke all day
 oh you have a marijuana leaf on your hat youre such a badass...
 i couldnt date let alone kiss someone who smokes cigarettes 
 today i bought a pipe to smoke with instead of rolling joints with bible papers and god was so proud he gave me a s 
 cool views  friendly people amp enough free samples to last a lifetime @ smokey mountains 
 @mrslfeger tkam3b smoke was rolling of the roof of our house... clearly the smoke isnt actually rolling. personification firefighters
 someone smoke a blunt w me and tel me everything is ok but ik its not going to be
 w trump white house sending signals it will crackdown on rec marijuana  is massachusetts in pot purgatory  mapoli
 @darrenhayes the toxic fumes from this particular smokescreen are going to blow back gruesomely russiagate julians already dfeated hillary
 all i smell is cheap perfume  and gin  and smoke  and lies.
 is it ok to fuck somebody right before your weeding
 i wish i was cool enough to black smoke my ex at a stop sign...
 someone smoke with me 
 og goes to 260 and ties school record for wins in a season with 5948 victory over clyde. hempfling 12 points  11 rebounds  12 assists
 wanna smoke this cigar  but i going into this movie theater in about 30 minutes  thats not enough time for the stench to go away 
 my cusion came here to see if i wanted to smoke i said no 
 just went 62 clean sweep with smoke and sledge smh smg11 op but dont nerf it @rainbow6game
 i feel my self becoming addicted to weed and thats not ok..
 my incenses  sage and weed is all i need with this masterpiece. 
 gate is a weedway drugnikita kulick
 .@thecityofsac leading the way on responsible  effective amp comprehensive regulation of cannabis industry. 
 @grimdave she keep sending me these weed videospictures
 i didnt add teanna trump on snapchat to see her family or smoke blunt.
 all i wanted to do was smoke a mf blunt amp go to the movies but people suck ass so fuck it
 when she bring weed but got no rellos 
 downloads yik yak to find weed
 truth being told  we used to movies and bowl  we used to netflix and roll i used to pass her the smoke  she used to laugh at my jokes
 yo lmaooo niggas gave the weedman a scratch off told him its a winner 
 amp if he dont smoke thats cool. let me lay on you while i puff on this ting dis
 just a little appreciation post to the last joint ill ever smoke. this is the end of the road for me and miss mary 
 i want my dad to have a relationship w my hubby like my uncle does with his son in law  they smoke weed together. a 57 amp 22 yr old. concept.
 somebody bring me some weed
 i didnt do nothing today  but thats ok. all i did was smoke and get paid.
 someone smoke me out
 hey  i just wanna sex  smoke and vibes  baby i want you by my side  baby
 @deman760 @thehill so what hes a traitor  thats what. thats why you responded in the first place. put down the weed  boy.
 went to my homegirls to smoke on sunday and left with a big ass bottle of some organic margarita mix ayyy im with it its low calorie too 
 lets smoke watch movies and let me rub your feet while we chill
 i hate being home its so boring i just smoke and watch netflix lol
 bring me food and ill smoke you out
 all smoke and mirrors 
 tattooparlours amp smoke filled karaoke honkeytonks in weatherford texas  backalley 
 at alabama colleges  marijuana enforcement varies widely from campus to campus 
 we nee to not buy medical marijuana in canada using rolling lockouts until prices come down 11121314 dollars a gram come on now 
 can you recommend anyone for this job reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 @thekidproph ion smoke but ill bring emilios thotty ass
 compromise is so great bring the vape i got the weed and woos we chillen yo
 someone come smoke a bleezy with me
 i just had a smoke session ina back of a bentley
 hoky smokes. 
 i wood have to pulling stu a weed stu 
 bringing in smoker trucks and everything. cool for families so you can see where your parent now works  office space etc.
 heres how i use cannabis to tune my intuition.... womengrow 
 i always see disturbing images in your clouds of smoke.
 @jeffbecerra is that a joint .. or were you rolling your own smokes like i do jeff.. lol  el duce a sik amp twisted dude got to meet him x2
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 i want more friends that will smoke with me and just watch a movie or play a game.
 to be blunt  if someone was selling marijuana around here  weed know.
 these niggas in here smoke squares 247
 bring yo bottles bring yo weed sean is 21 amp im 20 happy birthday to us  
 well i say hemp or mushrooms are myself still not all of are met to be farmers 
 just smoke. isss ok 
 trojans will play winner of hempstead and cr kennedy friday at 245 in 4a semis iahsbkb
 next up is a 4a quarterfinal between 4 seed dubuque  hempstead and 5 seed cedar rapids kennedy iahsbkb
 guess ill find out something when she takes her smoke break amp decides to post it  smh
 kennedy really wanted to get the lead to 10 or less before the break  instead they turn it over amp hempstead ends half w a bucket iahsbkb
 halftime score hempstead 34 kennedy 20. showing signs and a better half on the way go cougs
 its so ratchet to me when girls post drugs other than weed on social media.
 media report the real news and lets make trump accountable for the slander smokescreen he tweets. wasting everyones time.
 pull lets smoke @theextravagant1 420smokeout pt.2 hollyweed ed.  42017 9pm2am open bar 
 kennedy has to stop letting 511 marshon crowder get offensive rebounds though  he puts hempstead back on top iahsbkb
 this is gods way of weeding out the weak.
 if something didnt go as planned  let it happen. this is gods way of weeding out the weak.
 someone come over and smoke a blunt with me
 @meatsauce1 what a smoke show
 @nellybelle3379 @anncleckler @gascholisa @michelle93436 @mooredog82 luv he had a smoke lol
 bring me food and ill smoke you up and make you watch 60 episodes of adventure time with me
 .@datajunkie i didnt see the magic smoke but i smelled it. never a good sign.
 keith johsnon gets a couple buckets late for hempstead  keeps them alive. its 5147 kennedy w 20.2 to go iahsbkb
 eric weedin with weedin agency  starts pampc insurance day with the national anthem 
 theyre all using smoke screens now. fake spicer lies like rest of gop.  cia. has transcripts. spicer not pricey so he lies. wow we on to u
 more of those freshly smoked nuts for yall. farmtotable nuts ontario snacks toronto @ cte 
 come binge watch weeds with me...
 someone please bring me a pack of smokes
 some1 please bring me a pack of smokes
 someone is smoking some strong ass weed in their apartment that i can smell it in mine and i want to join them
 someone come smoke
 when your weed man bouta go on vacation now your looking at your replacements like... 
 well saidrepeal and replace was just smoke and mirrorsand lies 
 someone please educate grandpa on what weed can do for him. 
 i hate having to walk behind someone in their trail of cigarette smoke 
 honestly   right now i need some weed and hennessey 
 perfect day and no lines. got an amazing view from the 360 smokehouse restaurant @sierraattahoe so much snow. sta 
 people who smoke squares ltltltltlt
 joints r for occasions where u smoke w someone that dont smoke that much n u low key facin it
 bout to smoke and finish watching house got six more seasons
 good weed and bomb ass sex is all im trying to be on
 wish i had someone to smoke w 
 the view and a smoke sesh w my sister 
 too bad its all smoke and mirrors. 
 pay what you owe  eighty a show close the curtain and smoke in the ghost migos
 yes. i like smoke. bring on the chardonnay @ mott32 
 someone bring me rellospapers and ill smoke one w ya
 someone come smoke deadass
 your mcm uses a grinder to break down his weed when rolling a wood
 should of smoked that fool worm 
 i smoke alot of gas drank alot alot of syrup did alot of dirt flipped alot of work
 @carterpe @clarajeffery what does putin have on trump we must know before bannon and  puppet trump destroy this country. too much smoke
 i remember when i was a sophomore shawn used to drive me to school in his caddy every morning and wed smoke behind this building before
 can you bring weed on an airplane
 this work day without women movement today is nothing but a smoke screen by the muslims to underhandedly bring in sharia law.
 my homegirls that moved to jersey hated it too. id bring the weed amp theyd roll  thats how it goes.
 i aint smoked or had sex in a week thats why i just be in my room chilling or sleep. im low key depressed. 
 someone smoke w me
 this has to be a smoke screen so that jetstwitter is happy when they bring geno back nomallett 
 staying creative today thanks to @canndescent   smoking marijuana should never be looked down 
 ill never forget the way she looked at me when i played the guitar in a room full of smoke
 i expected more from smokepurpp smh 
 i wish i had someone cool to talk to while i smoke a bowl to the face
 someone come over and smoke a blunt with meeeee
 idc bout weed .. but cigarettes  thats a no 
 like is about weeding through the lies...
 i did kod  smoke it out   rickross  @blackbottleboys  @rickyrozay  @kod  
 someone at @marvel smoked a blunt before they thought of this show legionfx
 i honestly miss smoking with princess lol we smoke watch movies all the time but we wouldnt talk
 who tryna smoke and watch a movie 
 speeding and i luv bleeding never needing ill be in my garden planting weed and weeping a good is alway in need bleed bitch bleed suk seeds
 honestly just want to smoke a couple planes and museum hop
 just a dirty gypsy looking for some clean ass ganja halp
 look at it this way kids. people have suffered a lot worst trying to get weed legalized. shit happens. we all pay a price to legalize weed
 you can make mexico pay for wall legalize marijuana  taking  from their economy  and save 40 billion a year policing it  to pay for wall
 v early justin bieber reminds me of shane from weeds.
 very low visibility along fort christmas rd. smoke is definitely a concern as firefighters work to keep fire contai 
 stfu i dont want ya conversation  rolling up marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 just want to smoke sex amp vibe
 @saartu143 oh i see im assuming come up is what the kids these days use to describe the effects of marijuana plant
 idk how people prefer alcohol over weed like 3 blunts at night and ill bethe next day but liquor ill drink a cup andthe next day
 i need to pick up a hobby  because smoking weed and watching netflix gets old
 someone smoke w me
 gotchu if u smoke me out  
 @cnnpolitics @blainejo the gop is all smoke and mirrors obscuring facts and reality with misleading and irrelevant information
 so yesterday i smokedthrew a football with this guy i met at my gym. basically a bro sesh  right then whyd he have to ask me on a date
 holy smokes gusfring my favorite character @quiethandfilms bettercallsaul season 3. 
 wasting all the weed  
  i got a new mouth to feed  im due south with keys yall pick seeds out ya weed i watch 
 paul ryans dog and pony show on health care is smoke and mirrors  anytime someone takes 5times to long to explain something its a con job.
 lawd why is durham so smokeeeeey
 @cmrabbitt @sentomcotton @kasie @frankthorp way behind2day.jumping back2night old account weeding out duplicates4more follows posseves acc
 holy smoke im a cotton to your notion. 
 someone smoke me out 
 police raid at cannabis culture store on bank street in ottawa  katie griffin reports. 
 if it had been a real bomb he would probably called it peaceful but just a accident. confused smoke with percussion 
 i need to smoke im rolling up 130
 late post but i went from feeling like a dollar to a million bucks this am thx to @ladroroasting. s down best hemp lattes in town.coffee
 storm jinzari is non violence story about love   peace   redemption and cross cultural weeding about jin and zari .
 on campus today i got handed a weed pamphlet and there was a beer pong tournament going on in front of the library
 you smoke weed and sip on cough syrup your so cool.
 1 time i met cyndi laupers son @ a party amp he asked me if i wanted 2 smoke weed w him  i said no thanks then asked 4 relationship advice.
 now now... theyre measuring the mirrors for all that smoke... 
 someones smokin da marijuanaz
 like i just need to go get some weed but someone has my keys 
 i pick lil momma up and put some weed in the air  now i am smashing from the back and pullin weave out her hair.
 you smoke it already  
 @404cambo bring some weed
 got the top shelf cannabison lock down. slinging that green for crazy good price 
 i got weed someone bring rillos
 lets smoke tshirt     @ the cheesecake factory 
 @repshankland your missing ur own point. where are the jobs bills well  ive got a couple already. employee college affordability amp hemp
 someone smoke with me.
 who got some weed on campus 
 smoke showing boston 1571. fire location 581 boylston street. companies have smoke showing from the top floor of a 8 story building
 .@paauditorgen pushes for marijuana legalization  regulation  amp taxation to raise new revenue to fill budget gap. 
 we still have like 2 or 3 seasons left of weeds and we just realized the new season of z nation is on netflix as well 
 ill pay u in weed 
 thats how lowkey you have to be when you smoke sometjmes
 i need someone to come have a smoke sesh with me
 on days like this all i do after classes is watch movies and smoke lol
 hit me and my boy blaze up we got a cool clinic in hb good prices dank weed we will hook u up dont need your rec ju 
 follow @danksorganics dank weed low prices
 there are huge  billowing clouds of smoke around this trumprussia thing  maybe theres a fire  someone should look into it.
 boutta smoke amp watch a movie 
 someone smoke w me tonight
 the food trucks have arrived different smokes bbq  best dressed dog amp take a wok here at perry for the spiritine 
 ok i smoked im not bad nomore
 legalize and tax weed to pay for the wall. this is easy folks.
 lets smoke ..its rainy and i want to watch movies 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 hey canadian voters hows that legalize marijuana thing coming along that nice hair trudeau promised maybe its legal for liberals already
 karaoke thursday come kick it with us and bump some good vibe into your life  and smoke on your favorite hookah. plus its byob.
 stretch it and smoke it....reup
 @jonathanalter if it turns out theres a hell of a fire behind all the smoke. otherwise cote delite has permanently lost flyover country.
