 @delanaharvick @kevinharvick uncle smoke is the boss full time now i need a new driver gotta spend my  for new gear any suggestions
 i get maybe 4 hrs of sleep a night so i tried to take a nap  30 mins in and maria sets the smoke alarm off 
 coworkers making fun of this lady and her plant because it resembles marijuana and im sittin here lmao wthem like i dont smoke weed.
 @paulmccord i think it was smoke from a small fire that was quickly put out
 thats right we watching a documentary on cannabis in horticulture.. my class is officially better than yours
 but this some nice ass weed.
 when i first moved to weed ca 
 i also feel like this a waste of weed 
 theres no one id like to smoke with more
 @sellis1994 i think u should take an acer  build some greenhouses get in on the marijuana boom  just a matter of time till it hits iowa
 @thedailybeast @freddyroo2 silencing the free press providing smoke screen as russia takes back ukraine
 @iusecondoms after you smoke a blunt gtgtgt
 nope  love marijuana myself  
 yes found a girl down here that smokes. im back plugged in 
 i rather drink den smoke
 there were times id smoke just cause i was bored. smh
 seely and i share everything  our food  her milk  our weed  my bathroom  our munchies.  its a good friendship to have. i appreciate her.
 set the smoke alarm off in my dorm trying to make toast wifeymaterial
 alaskas december marijuana tax revenue tops 145k  via @adndotcom alaska legalweed localeconomy money buds
 my soul is made of up of marijuana  whiskey amp coke
 one time when i was with my ex he left me alone at his friends house to go smoke pot he was such a good boyfriend
 if only cops would just cyph with me rather than take my weed away  
 and there u have it. i thought i was gonna have a legendary day  instead i wasted money on liquor and weed on a old hooker
 thought heat was needed to activate the effects of thc. gauranteed waste of weed 
 and she smoke that fire
 400 pounds of marijuana found in abandoned nm house  desert 
 because theyre too busy covering the smoke and mirrors.  wake up press. 
 if thats weed  you wasted it all because you need heat to activate thc. 
 just tryna smoke
 the creators of weed pipes is my number 1 hero
 finna start hiding my weed and rellos from her ass too
 a guy next to me on the bus found an empty box of cigarettes that had a nice little pipe and a bag of weed.
 good morning all. enjoying a dunhill aged maduro. @alfreddunhill @ blue smoke of dallas 
 yo album was trash can i roll weed on out album
 me and al getting ready to take a smoke break bniwealthbuilders @ winter park  florida 
 so the fire alarm went off at 1230 this morning  thanks whoever couldnt go with outside to smoke 
 just found out chain smokers graduated from cuse and not boulder 
 azealia banks selling soaps bitch i rather sell weed for real
 if i didnt do make up i would be selling weed for real. i know so many stoners. im sure i would be successful in that sense lol
 so this middle aged dude asked me for some change outside the 711 so i have him a dollar. then he asked if i knew someone with weed 
 @damnjomaa marry me if we single by 30 if not  smoke a blunt with me at my graduation
 slept in today and there is no weed edible in the kitchen. there was  however  a tattoo gun. today will be a productive day.
 the after effect of weed make my stomach hurt
 ive watched so many shows like weeds  shameless  once upon a time  the office amp the british version  shit ton of anime amp now greys 
 420deals today at inyo fine cannabis get 25 off products from @cannavativegrp.  meet the 
 so is marijuana tax deductible
 boulder da named to group to advise trump administration on weed policy  seedtosaleshow 
 he tryna get trump smoked 
 they dont know we need each other critically.   essex hemphill  american wedding  
 thought this was weed  
 i should be a sponsor for marijuana . i think id do good .
 yummmmm @ 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter garden  fl 
 so @timhortons roll up the rim started today and smokes @poutinerie has poutine for 1.50. what atimetobealive
 all trump gotta do is legalize weed for over half of the black community to leave his ole red rotten tomato looking ass alone on me 
 alaskas struggling with the same thing we are where can tourists smoke pot @mthiessen has the story  
 i feel like we are watching the vatican for the color of the smoke to change to see what @hitchshat changes his name to.
 alaskas struggling with the same thing we are where can tourists smoke pot @mthiessen has the story 
 ricky williams on medical mj is profound if marijuana wasnt on banned substance list  id probably be going into hall of fame this year 
 if im somewhere successful enjoying myself in a nice environment with nice people i aint gone think about weed
 never thought i would smoke with a grandma 
 trumponblackhistory the underground railroad  total disaster.  all that smoke underground was the cause of the epa.
 still time to head over to inyo fine cannabis amp see kristin from @cannavativegrp 25 off 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 @n0x1e @yeelmao1 aizy made so many mistakes as well not checking corners running through smokes etc just bad plays from him
 both blowing smoke out of their asses 
 this week prof dan burgard discusses how sewage water helps determine if marijuana use increases when its legal. 
 why would anyone willingly smoke a camel crush
 @judyjones1990 off to pick weeds and drink some wine 
 sure ill take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 i aint smoke none today. if ion smoke before the day ends i quit lol fr
 @emmalemmalee @realdonaldtrump i know you had civics at hemphill high school.  the electoral vote was put in for reason. ca amp ny no
 another school  another fire alarm due to weed. will it ever change
 @ohioganja old dry shit  but its weed. nice little water bong. simple. carburetor. etc.
 youre not a true angst filled youth until you smoke at least 3 cigarettes a day
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now sure i stay til theyre all long gone and i take the long way home
 when i was in high school  i found some ditch weed and took a leaf off of it and tried to smoke it.
 trump threatened chicago  mexico and iran and hanged up on australian pm today is weed legal in dc someone should give him some 2 calm him
 someone in bing do weed w me this is urgent
 my mom asked me if i knew any smoke shops close by . this a set up  she dont smoke
 they need to go ahead and legalize weed.
 im just tryna smoke
 you smoke reg  
 @potus liberal colleges campuses commies burn american flag n our tax  go up in smoke spoiled brats.cut funding 4 these sanctuary harbors
 @armyjew @donachaidh not sure of the legal definition  but i would say lighting shit on fire and throwing smoke grenades goes beyond protest
 @weezieev congratulations yall not getting no weeding gifts from me now. nope fuck that. ill keep my phony ass gifts 
 always leave my weed at jellys
 @ficklemike @whitneyyadrich @saltcod only legal weed would be legal  none of that shitty ditch weed
 id rather drink bleach than smoke a gold american spirit cigarette  yuck
 @damedash smoken jacks b
 dont pop a xany  smoke a gramy
 im tryna smoke
 lost my last bit of weed 
 as your friend i would rather have you smoke cigs than vape  al
 us after we drunk af and go outside to take a smoke  @deejayydavid 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 winter weeds... winter2017 winter getoutdoors photography egphotography 
 tryna eat this pizza cuddled up watching weeds
 very thankful for the big ass pot of soup i made for dinner and the big ass bowl of weed im about to smoke.    
 take the weed and left the money...
 if you smoke  and dont smoke american spirits  then fuck u
 im tracking mike. mike has my weed. hurry up mike 
 somebodys smoke alarm is going off and they not even tryna turn it off...unless their house is really on fire. 
 going on 2 full weeks of no weed smoke 
 this weed got me having deep thoughts about life.
 i dont need ur weed my plug got that dank amp aint nobody tryna live with u popeyes chicken lookin ass 
 who smoke in 239 fl .
 when weed makes me cough  i cough so much i get as light headed as when i bust a nut
 quitter status 28 days smoke free  buttout @ discovery bay yacht harbor 
 riley and neil were hammered and asked to close their tabs twice and the bartender goes i get it guys i smoke weed too out of no where
 when i die  press my ashes into a smokey eye palette 
 jk i have weed left omg yes
 id say the same but when i smoke fat and sleep shlumped. bags. like. a hound 
 dammmmit briana fell asleep and i left my weed at her house 
 tryna smoke fat backwood for superbowl sunday
 i went outside to smoke and it was barely sprinkling and 5 minutes later i look out the window and its raining dicks
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now 
 @shamusmckenz @mister42 u probably need some good weed and a bottle of bourbon.
 going outside in 55 degree weather to smoke a stoge feeling like a winter soldier notallheroeswearcapes
 when you tryna smoke but you got 3
 this nigga take a hour just to bring you some weed outside
 at least i finally found friends and a weed man  because i wasnt going to make it
 tbt to the first time i bought weed alone when i was like 12 and literally bought a nug for 20 weedgoals stonerlife
 breakfast smoke ratpack staysmokeymyfriends @ stone mountain  georgia 
 aussie call was a smoke screen for this story 
 so apparently someone smells weed in the hall and our room gets searched. and of course they found my alcohol. correlation none
 the colorado weed festival do look lit af tho and mike renting ah fucking mansion in the mountains ima have to drop coin
 @notgoingghost happy birthday dan the man with the van weedghost
 time to consider that trumps charades have just been a smoke screen for putins agenda  which is also pure self 
 @kylekulinski yes  americans really need to take advantage of their ability to change state law. similar to cannabis.
 i will smoke a little something but dont inhale
 relax and take notes while i take tokes of this marijuana smoke
 im just tryna smoke
 well  today is a terrible day.  time to dip into weed again.
 live band karaoke uptownfunk yelpchicago @oldcrowsmokehse @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 yall hatin on trump till he legalizes weed and gunna start callin him the og nigga lmao
 if there was ever a time that i needed weed it would be now
 puta madre ima just smoke and not get frozen yogurt 
 i jumped out the window amp barely survived. there was so much smoke inside of me. i thought not getting burned was it. nope.
 about to go super hard on royaljellyatx s new beef cheek barbacoatacos with smokey tomatoes 
 bruhhhhh why my cousin just call me that i left my bag of weed @ her house
 witnessed the hundreds of strands of webs shoot up like transparent fire and smoke. also killed a scorpion. nature is scary. couchphone
 @tampapd that big bag of weed was for his personal use. lol
 dreams are a peek at alternate universes. so im wondering in which universe did mrs. hunt let us smoke weed in her class
 gameday tomorrow in hemphill @ 6. 
 fags with bags sound like a fire name for a medicinal weed shop run by gay men
 me talking about the mandela effect dad you must be smoking some really crazy weed
 as weeds are pulled up amp burned in the fire  so it will be at the end of the age.... from a parable of jesus. reading matthew 13 3643.
 @kaitybrady bet lmao take a dab first because im about to smoke 
 never fails whenever i need weed and xans the most theyre nowhere to be found
 found someone who would smoke @cbj0730 
 im tryna smoke fr
 im going to most definitely run out of weed tonight   how painful
 get back on track. trump and russia he always puts up smoke screen on things showing him in bad light.
 best thing to do when you have full stomach smoke a blunt
 like he was a backwood we a smoke shawty 
 ive almost perfected the art of weeding out the fuck boys.
 id smoke if i didnt have to roll
 doctors would rather you take weed up the butt than smoke it   via @vicecanada
 i would slap that blunt straight outta her hand if she was smoking my weed like that 
 id slap the fuck outta ha ass. that perfectly good ass weed going to waste 
 my boyyy left smokey robinson alone 
 when somebody tryna smoke but only got 5 ask you if you tryna smoke 
 one evening  as they were preparing dinner a bit too quickly  the kitchen filled with smoke and the smoke detector went off.
 its the smoke detector  avraham replied.
 my smoke detector just went off and i swear to god my first thought was that someone broke in and set my apartment on fire.
 me movie and dinner should be nice  henny see if she tryna smoke and get some h 
 people always complain about not liking to smoke alone and i fucking love it
 i only fuck with weed  coke  and liquor.
 hey what the did anybody notice throug this trump smoke and mirrors white house that hes put boots on the ground in syria what the flock
 where theres smoke theres fire @zillaspitbbq be smoking those  beef ribs  these shirts 
 cams make plan with your maintenance team to change clocks and smoke alarm batteries before leaving the property 
 @omfgpapi. call the fire dept girl you are on fire. so smoken.
 well talk smoke alarms in boom news in 4 minutes.  
 when adjusting for daylight saving time  make sure you are always checking your smoke alarms town of harrisburg 
 so where theres smoke theres no fire  right 
 my papers are in the car and im not really tryna go outside but im tryna smoke 
 parker district fire dept. will install smoke alarms for free inside of homes in greenville on saturday starting at 
 loudoun co fire and rescue is proud to be recognized as a schoolbusiness partnership award winner for our monroe tech amp smoke alarm program
 with little smoke coming outta the green egg  amp a couple racks of spares  i can at least pretend it is 75 and sunny 
 fire dept revived 1 person and one dog after a house fire on fern ave. there werent any batteries in this smoke de 
 either they legalized weed in texas or its just really foggy outside 
 a bill to decriminalize marijuana is getting a hearing in the texas house. txlege 
  where theres smoke there is fire
 sit back and take notes while i take tokes of the marijuana smoke
 tryna smoke lol
 im tryna smoke
 anyone tryna bring me to get some weed
 sure  i drink more jack in my coke now. a little more high in my smoke now.
 greenhouse full of marijuana raided in okeechobee  2 arrests.  
 the smoke is rolling and doing its magic.  @stumpssmokers bbq 
 the cannabis culture shop on bank street that was raided by police thursday has reopened this morning. 
 never take advice from a nigga that will spend the entire smoke session trying to convince niggas tupac is still alive...
 more smoke. the fire is really close. trumprussia 
 @jamesmartinsj i this for fact ha ha great spirit we know smoke single  some biblical muslim was trying the he had 
 who tryna smoke after school
 light it up smoke shop 2781 w. macarthur blvd. g2 santa ana  ca 92704 7144861633 @ ocs 
 im 60. not only should their be more cost to elderly who consume more healthcare but also for smokers  diabetics  
 keep on it dems stoke the smoke into a raging fire 
 they do it everywhere n the world  wake up americans  heres u another smoke screen  get over it 
 im 60. not only should there be more cost to elderly who consume more healthcare but also for smokers  diabetics  
 lets all join with shep smith of foxnews by agreeing its too much lying and too much russia and too much smoke 
 im tryna smoke up
 yes im wearing a weedmaps shirt fuck outta here
 rather smoke blunts....edibles just have me stuck in the house lol
 whos tryna smoke right now
 i just wanna sit in the middle of pretty ass field by some water and smoke with good company
 whos tryna take me out and smoke
 if i didnt smoke id be beating all you hoes asses
 whos tryna smoke and get some tbell
 were back at @oldcrowsmokehse in river north tonight at 10pm @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 tryna get smokey
 someone to smoke and have breakfast with every morning would be pretty nice
 prime rib sandwich no horseradish please @ 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter garden  fl 
 who tryna smoke
 there sure is a lot of smoke in the russia  trump story  but where is the fire we have no idea of what we are dealing with this fishing
 @wboc where was this marijuana study done  causes stokes and heart attacks  how  is this fake news  you are so mellow  how could that be
 found two cds that my friend made me last year... i deprived myself of great underground music... holy smokes.
 anyway im about to smoke all of the rest of my weed
 tried to convince my grandma to let us grow marijuana in the back.. she honestly thought about it 
 im at almas smoke shop in woodbridge  nj 
 i take a little more jack in my coke now  amp a little more high in my smoke now.
 make that coronita a huge pound of weed to smoke 
 i just got handed a icebreaker container full of weed at the dol
 who sells marijuana to total strangers at a dot shop....times must be hard
 how many people trust they weedman to go to the store for them an get change
 when you thought had more weed left  but you dont 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  alittle more high in my smoke now. 
 thought you didnt smoke  
 yay for smoke out arthritis and raising money for sweet finley 
  at @zuckersbagels amp smoked fish in new york  ny  
 @mlbcigarvntures @mikebellody @djohn770david   nice change up. made by @epcarrillo @ blue smoke 
 traffic is the worst when your fresh off tryna get some weed .
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now sure i stay til theyre all long gone and i take the long way home
 @trewhiteside lmao just found out i buy weed from your big sister small ass world 
 @yashar @trisarasaur hey americans  too much lying too much russia too much smoke  where are we in this thing  
 @mattashers @trisarasaur this is bs hey americans  too much lying too much russia too much smoke   
 @anylaurie16 @trisarasaur @maddow hey americans  too much lying too much russia too much smoke    
 @maggienyt @trisarasaur hey americans  too much lying too much russia too much smoke where are we in this thing  
 @trendauditor hey americans  too much lying too much russia too much smoke  where are we in this thing  
 happy birthday tammy @tamatm @ barque smokehouse  @barquebbq in toronto  on 
 when you smoke a backwood 10 minutes before 420 
 location change. bubbys was to far. @ cold creek smokehouse in rocky top  tn 
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in tampa  fl 
 i make sure i always have weed on me
 i decided to make bacon which means i decided to set off my smoke alarm. cookingisnotmything
 i was cooking eggs at hunters amp set off the smoke alarm 
 playing with comic tales tonight at strand smokehouse  come rock out astoria 
 friday smokes what are you doing myfathercigars sotl laduea cigarlife cigartist 
 i remember when i was in middle school and was like super anti smoking cigarettes and weed and then i hit puberty
 kenzie just did weed math for 30 minutes
 @rainbow6game his smoke grenades make so much sense now
 about to watch some bullriding with the lil fellas. this should be fun. bullmania @ smokey 
 bullriders are ready. bullmania @ smokey mountain expo center 
 finally  after a little over a year @ sugarfire smoke house 
 the smoked mahi mahi plate. srqfood srqseafood @ fresh catch fish market and grill 
 the only running i do is when i run out of weed.  @802harrington
 eight seconds is a looonngg time. bullriding bullmania @ smokey mountain expo center 
 didnt quite make it. bullriding bullmania @ smokey mountain expo center 
 if you wanted to get high tonight you could come and sit in my hallway because it currently smells profusely of ganja
 you tryna smoke 
 @blazermc88 @seantheproducr @mdrache @verumvulnero1 ok guys  quick smoke break then blue bloods. cause im an old fuck.
 my favorite hobbie is injecting marijuana with testosterone i dont fucking know
 @joshtpm this seems more like fire than smoke.
 its a wrap bullmania @ smokey mountain expo center 
 this bitch really tryna smoke outta kazoo
 trump should smoke out all of obamas moles and fire everyone of them
 i read this as 51 of americans smoked pot today dataviz 
 hoiberg is as good as blowing smoke as garpax. just really really good liars. 
 @govjventura 12 also gov. please take a look at drunken peasants podcast. theyre libertarian left  theyre cannabis enthusiasts  and
 all this over weed...  makes me sick. u can switch to another city now...  livepd
 note to rookies from an og weed smoker best way to keep ur weed fresh is store it in a glass jar with sealed top. ur welcome   livepd
 my 79 year old grandma just asked me if i smoke the weed at college 
 got me a little pipe because none of these smoke shops have the piece i needed for my vaporizer. 
 homeless man told me i needed to boil up some lemon and honey and get rid of my cold. then proceeded to smoke crack. i dont have a cold.
 @stilldontchasem just to get weed blown on em and drinks spilled
 @rahulgrover88 @shekhargupta love to know what mr.gupta smoked 
 amp she smoke that fire 
 well outta work who tryna smoke 
 pretty bit amp pounds of weed gtgtgtgt
 yeeee hawwwe  @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 we were supposed to get high tonight but her weed friend screwed her over and honestly its so cold outside fuck that
 the @realdonaldtrump russian regime. wheres theres smoke theres fire maga 
 lol definitely the latter for me... which is why i take periodic smoke breaks 
 stepmom why are you going outside  me to smoke some marijuana.  stepmom you know gods watching you  me and
 i always try to be slick when im high only to leave weed on my shirt 
 @nealburk or dadstache. bushy and full of life advice and bbq smoke
 i need me a boo to take out to dinner  go to the movies and smoke one with me when im lonely 
 @tomparis2017 2 and to think i complained when my husbands company insisted i have a blood test to prove i dont smoke.
 oh yay. smoke alarms again.
 i need to smoke alone
 when smoking weed gives u hiccups
 the fact that my great grandma just pulled out a bag of weed and my grandma just started rolling dead
 as we begin saturday a reminder tonight turn your clocks ahead   also to check your smoke amp co alarms  your life may depend on it 
 make sure an hour of sleep is all you lose  test and change the batteries in your smoke amp co alarms 
 leave it to me to put my bag with my weed in it  on top of my car and drive off 
 im tryna smoke.
 b tryna smoke rn.. its 4am 
 dont forget the time change this wknd while ur at it  go ahead and change the batteries in ur smoke detectors. 
 im tryna boost my my high is just brokeass nigga for im outta weed 
 @realdonaldtrump @randpaul @foxnews silentmajority over 70 americans want legal marijuana tax it create jobs 
 rep. bustos gave a terrific condemnation of trumps amp rs health care bill. bad deal. its smoke amp mirrors w fewer 
 ima smoke raw cones all week. no rellos  im tryna be healthy lol
  oldcrowchicago avion vion @ old crow smokehouse 
 vintage art deco slag glass smoke stand @ the dragonfly emporium llc 
 i hate alcohol and weed id rather be sober
 happy birthday to miss laila pickens you are a very great human being and i cant wait to smoke some reefa w u 
 what cigar do i smoke when i get engaged tatuaje of course @ river 
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in carrollwood  fl 
 with marijuana in mind ag sessions is gonna fuck up all the progress we as a nation have come 2. jimcrowreboot 4profitprison fuckthatputo
 stick to weed jokes tommy. 
 wait...so she paid for her own plane ticket and he still got pussy all he loss was a little bit of weed and 60 for half the hotel price
 @benrobinson1221 @nickkramp listen i try and roll and everyone makes fun. if i can smoke it ive got it hahaha bitches
 pinterest session w saltlickbbq smokehouse brisket breakfast tacos. sxsw fusemg @ lustre 
 my anti depressant was negating the effects of weed on my body so i dropped that bitch lmao
 @holeinthewallto ready to dive into an english breakfast  smoke house hash very meaty and a @rainhardbrewing milk 
 smoked a backwood with my og  nigga say damn youngblood  this stronger than what i thought. what kinda weed you smoke
 and i suppose with the weather the way it is today  its a bit much to ask a cat to smoke outside.  silly me. 
 i remember this girl wanted to fly me out  and my boy khalil talked me out of it cuz he thought she was gonna try and smoke my shit 
 @imbigang weed lol
 st. paddys day with these babes. @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 my grandparents found weed in there house and the first person they call and ask is me .... 
 i hate a nigga thats always tryna free smoke
 take notes. listen to smokey  
 me when its summer time and im tryna get the homies to smoke outside  
 french inhale makes you take all the smoke if you do it right. big puffs amp damn none of it comes of my nose lol
 faith bardill at the smoke and barrel tonight 830 @ the smoke and 
 who tryna smoke
 @ashamaley ive worked in a kitchen before. i get it  and ive been in the weeds  but dang  this was painful to watch unfold.
 ive worked in a kitchen before. i get it  and ive been in the weeds  but dang  this was painful to watch unfold.
 tryna cyph big weed after work
 amp i dont take that just a little weed amp liquor
 medicalrecords can not be separated with the member  dr. larry weed circa 1960 
 theres just too much smoke at this point for there not to be a fire. 
 when you find a dope smoke spot hahaha 
 a little smokey  drinking a jolene by @bentwaterbrewco @ boston center for the arts   
 seems to be a lot of fire and smoke in the schaumburg area @nbcchicago @fox32news @abc7chicago
 i smoke a quarter pound for 800   thats what my shirt cost 
 tax time got all yall being the weed man if you dont take ya ass back to ya regular job and leave mines alone 
 what do to today  smoke alone
 i only smoke jefferys
 that did not take long..where there is smoke... 
 when you find a dope smoke spot hahaha 
 who tryna hit the shops i need some weed
 i swear  got side tracked by a breakfast sandwich. an got this smoked paprika  a coffee...  
 drinking a smoked colonial brown by @flounderbrewing at @flounderbrewing  
 my mama found my cousins weed bag they left on our patio 
 my mom asked me whats in my cute little make up bag. is it weed
 i am only in ep 6 season 1but do star athletes smoke weed and ditch school as much as this story indicates and he stops paging her serial
 time to change the clock and check your smoke amp co alarms. change the batteries according to manufacturers recomme 
 work was full of smoke today  so theres that.
 im telling adelina different places to take her little cousins and she goes i wish they could just smoke with me ...
 id rather be yo nigga .. so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day 
 its too cold to be standing outside selling weed
 tryna smoke today 
 a brief history of marijuana in the movies by @merryjane... was reefer madness the original fakenews  cannabis
 remember set your cloccks ahead check your smoke alarms amp their batteriesthe @bayleafvfd doesnt want to meet by 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 remember set your clocks ahead check your smoke alarms amp their batteries the @bayleafvfd doesnt want to meet by accident bayleafsafe
 remember set your clocks ahead check your smoke alarms amp their batteriesthe @bayleafvfd doesnt want to meet you 
 tommy holt rolls the best woods ive smoked thus far. stepupyourgamedwoods
 yooooo i was cleaning my room and found a bag of weed
 remember set your clocks ahead check your smoke alarms amp their batteriesthe @bayleafvfd doesnt want to meet you 
 crispy brussel sprouts  grilled cauliflower  zucchini  smoked beer bock cheese fondue amp todays 
 when adjusting for daylight saving time  make sure you are always checking your smoke alarms iaffsafetytips 
 sure.. i take a lil more jack in my coke now  a lil more high in my smoke now.
 bout to get full of this smoke amp go smash on grand buffet ya bish
 holy fuck was this week long 6 days equals 52 hours. 12 hrs o.t. @ 23.50 an hr.  itll be worth it  now time to smoke 
 anyone tryna smoke
 good time to check your smoke alarms tomorrow as you set your clocks ahead. recommend 
 coastal scores 2 to make it 101. pitching change. weed in to pitch
 pull ova nope nope with a car full smoke and a trunk full of dope
 on our way . @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 got some new chunk soaps did you know the peace  love  take a shower chunk has cannabis 
 apply to @shoneys today as a server  you can smoke right outside the front door during dinner service 
 im tryna smoke dutty spliff and its so fuckin cold lol
 when the weed better than what you thought it was 
 oh amp some fire ass cannabis
 drinking a capstone esb by oasis brewing company @ georgia boys bbq  the smokehouse  
 drinking a baba yaga by big thompson brewery  @ georgia boys bbq  the smokehouse  
 i smoke too many cigarettes  any successful quitters out there howd you do it smoking quitsmoking
 bruh my uncle had the nerve to say my weed is dique reggie i should real life slap the shit outta him for that disrespect.
 stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 tryna smoke
 thought it was weed  i smoke too much 
 @notlenz alas the weed number is notoriously elusive
 chr dispensary rolled up a 5 pound blunt. thats over 5 pounds of top hrade cannabis. @ dtla arts 
 @crehage @realdonaldtrump work at it the way mr trump did. put that in your pipe and smoke it buddy have a nice day 
 @youhaveapizza @bbbootyshakerog well as my grandma says where theres smoke theres fire.
 i smoked 2 els on my community service break and got a 34 year olds number who work for the county today was a good day.
 man who tryna smoke sum dm me
 so pendeja toke toke toke you sound dumb as fuck  you smoked weed once. congrats youre cool
 come smoke with me before i dip
 im just tryna smoke 
 only left to get weed
 jesus  that chantix commercial i just watched said that one of the side effects could be seizures. fuck. id rather just smoke if i did 
 relax and take notes as i take a toke of the marijuana smoke
 chirish  @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 tommy goes n heats the car up for me so we can smoke 
 one time for the smoke  congratulations  young bloods
 this is a smokey song...    iliketowatch
 i wanna live ina cabin ina woods except with cable  wifi  food  amp weed id be set for life 
 yall my friend that i was holdin down when she was broke came down on leave from military and got me weed and dinner on the luv 
 its been a slice  smokenspice. good way to spend two and a half 
 some kids dealing weed on the innout parking lot is the most california thing you could see
 i would never fly out alone to meet a nigga  and if i did i would never b that retarded.. onlh good thing she did was smoke his weed
 who got weed in north hollyweed
 i thought it was funny how at powells all the books about weed  sex or satan were locked in glass cases 
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smoke
 raised as gs loced out and blazed the weed
 is anti milk and gmos vapes and smokes weed tho
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smoke 
 check your smoke  co detector batteries change them if needed and dont hesitate to call us for assistance  33 
 who in new york tryin smoke
 @heeezy is weed legal in maryland yet just wondering
 you dont have to do a line before you go fishing. you could just smoke a bowl before you go fishing advice from @cmadd32
 im just tryna get my smoke on man
 matty set off the smoke alarm making ramen im laughing so hard
 if it wasnt so damn brick outside i would sit outside and smoke and look at the stars 
 but you smoke swishers  banana smash lookin ass 
 pho  weed  munchies.
 im outta smokes.
 my grandma is a pothead. she even has cannabis butter
 everyones sleep so no ones down to serve or smoke with me
 i thought i lived in co  where weed was legal...not you have to squat like schemagal to blow the smoke out the patio door.
 killer full moon 311day2017 set at @lucillemadtown  thanks everyone for getting down  now its time to vape ganja
 today santamonica looked like a film set filled with smoke. i dont know what the cause was but 
 getdrunkeatpoutine @ smokes poutinerie in vancouver  british columbia  
 firefighters from multiple departments are working a house fire in eaton township. smoke alarms alerted the occupa 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  amp a little more high in my smoke now
 rob tried 2 disable a smoke detector in the plane cause he needed a camel crush needless 2 say he got removed by tsa amp will not be on flight
 @peterzonn @mgfinns i only smoke american spirits in the yellow pack
 good morning did you change your smoke alarm 
 it is so frustrating that the weed situation is so bad in our yard that even a small time spent outside gets her super congested for a week.
 wen chilling with me you leave with gas money   a full stomach   good rest   maybe a body or foot rub  smokeouts appreciation is shown 
 @maxamillion29  more loh wanted to smoke mom0pjj
 tax breaks for the holy job saviour creators for without we would just play with weed 
 wrigleyville  you won.  @ old crow smokehouse 
 this ryan health care plan is a joke   just a smoke screen to keep people from thinking about the russia scandal. 
 i spend 48 hours in georgia and come home with a full blown smokers cough. just in time for opening day of turkey season
 c note himme up to smoke and play videogames and thats all i needed right now fuckyeah
 2018 68 jack hemphill of ravenscroft showcasing his range.
 stop snapchatting me hmu  next to your fucking shitty ass brick dirt weed too  none of you would know fire if it burned your house down
 full house clean up... shrubs trees planters and weeds.   for a free estimate give us a call  844714sosa 
 im just tryna go on a week vacay ... with a hot tub ... so i can relax ... some weed and just good times  is that so hard 
 pretty much everything outside of weed amp liquor 
 @ishabal97 ive been on a @kflay kick and you should listen to smoke and mirrorsluna bay..by far one of my favs ive found 
 30 000 fucking rsvp on event brite yesterday we made cannabis history kushstock
 we had plans but yall would rather sit around and smoke 
 hey pencewhen your pedaling is not a healthcare plan it just some more republican smoke and mirrorsmikepence
 @thekors100 aye my city. tbh ottawa is boring during winter time but i recommend going downtown and having a pontine from smokes poutine
 mike brown exchanged weed for a box of rellos
 mike brown thought the weed was bitcoin nshit
 @gunningjon but it also alters the narrative that he was a violent thug. yes  he traded weed but the cigarillos were his property.
 they only smoked one marijuana syringe 
 i just randomly found some weed. my day has been made
 talk about full service realtor out putting up smoke detectors for my buyers realtor @ city 
 i hate pple that complain. imma give ya the same advice i give errbody else. smoke some weed
 thier are people crucifying mike brown for selling a drug that they smoke themselves on the regular basis
 @vanessabeller  burnt toast that sets off the smoke alarm.  ha.
 anyone tryna smoke
 why the elderly should pay more for health insurance  and smokers  drinkers and the obese  too 
 i still got some gentleman jack@left yeee i know what i am having for breakfast weed and whiskey
 little more high in my smoke now
 smokes weed  did i remember to turn off the houseplants before i left 
 music and weed makes sunday great cold than a witchs tit outside 
 bathroom break @ weed rest area in weed  ca 
 who tryna smoke or drink . im tryna get fucked up today
 im at holy smoke bbq in bishop  ca w @navit 
 im so determined to loose more weight  my grandmas weeding is approaching and i have my eye on the perfect dress 
 love the recreational weed smoking in parks outside millenials dc
 whos tryna smoke
 whos tryna smoke with a kid
 @realdonaldtrump fund healthcare with taxes from marijuana from all 50 states
 and ofcourse i sit outside for 20 minutes to smoke. my coworkers hate me
 im at old crow smokehouse in huntington beach  calif 
 same thing i be wondering . mn weed manz be fu 
 dont have to change your smoke detector batteries if you dont have one   somewhere my grandma just got disa 
 think i would shoot heroin with a syringe i found randomly before i chain smoke again....have a good sunday.
 just left the weed shop stoked
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  and a little more high in my smoke now.
 i just pulled all the weeds in the yard on this hot sunday  i decided to reward myself with a 80 purchase worth of @sfgiants clothes 
 i showed them little niggas how to dress and what to smoke  yeah thats for sure
 im full got my weed   wine  amp bae
 ima east side blood amp i dont smoke dat krip.
 you probably werent wondering  but every legal weed salesperson out here is about as chill as imagined
 chain smokers  paris is sooo fire. hahaha.
 very nice dunkeldark wheat with a slight smoked cherry finish. very well do... out with the old 
 ribs and shiner bock. perfect sunday night dinner when its cold outside. @ belly up smokehouse amp saloon 
 .@jdirtforever id say donald trump and his campaign  managerscabinet are fully on fire.  small amounts of smoke can be written off  but..
 no amount of weed  pedialyte  advil or popeyes could shake me back from this hangover 
 @sportstalkbart @sportstalkwbo and they would get smoked again.  anderson has been killed when facing good teams
 more video from todays brush fire near freedom park smoke wafting from fire on other side of embankment
 im tryna smoke wtffff
 who tryna smoke
 spring makes the unpleasant task of going outside to smoke pleasant and enjoyable until it goes past 75 then its disgusting
 yep it didnt happen in a vacuum. preet must have been getting close. others were just a smoke screen. 
 our first stop in colorado was a smoke shop and our last one was a smoke shop lol
 @chasealert @cascanner smoke from the 10 and hoover 
 if president trump wants jobs  this report says he should leave marijuana alone 
 i just found a nug of weed just sitting in the middle of my floor probably from last week lol the universe is testing me
 @commonman80 mikebrown the merchandise he promised he would. nor would he return the weed. the video shown to the public was mike brown
 this afternoons freedom park brush fire. smoke wafting from fires on other side of embankment 
 who tryna smoke
 p. sure all the guys in the art studio below my apartment do is smoke weed
 im just tryna smoke a blunt and play some borderlands  mane
 this weeds some fire man...
 tryna smoke fr
 isoldmysoul for a bag of weed 
 zoeys grandma is on the phone with someone amp was likei dont smoke or drink anymore shes literally drinking rnamp had 4 smoke breaks tonight
 postcardearly 1900s at the time industrial might was a tourist attraction. this shows the asarco smokestack  demol 
 i bet you wont step outside and smoke that cigarette tonight 
 updating this talked with an official tonight who told me losses were 2 000 head in hemphill county alone. txlege 
 who tryna go smoke rq
 yes  i rather smoke 
 whos tryna smoke
 its 109am and my smoke alarm is going off. mint.
 ion smoke a lot of weed but when i do bruuuuuuh i be out of it
 xian smokes jacks damn now he just fully seems like the small badass in an anime movie.
 intense heat  smoke from warehouse fire 1253 e. 8th st.  dtla . @lafd has it knocked down. details @ktla 11pm 
 so mike brown apparently traded weed for the rillos he was blamed for stealing. he didnt rob shit
 wow this reminds me of how i was leaving my ex bf amp he had the audacity to ask can i have some weed so i can deal 
 ask any ol barstool in this town ask my new found party crowd sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 @souljaian i thought you didnt smoke weed 
 @desirayleilani and as the marijuana burns we can take our turns  singing them dirty rap song
 @desirayleilani @desirayleilani and as the marijuana burns we can take our turns  singing them dirty rap songs
 when a girl would rather smoke by herself than anybody else but yougtgtgt
 who tryna sell me some weed
 the red smoke is the indication of where to drop off  gtaonline 
 what is it about smoke alarm batteries that makes them run low only in the middle of the night
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 fire destroys city heights apt  2 people displaced. fire crews say no smoke detectors found in unit @fox5sandiego 
 @bobbeebottlezz @realdonaldtrump i usually dont reply to pot smokers  i arrest them. there r people stoking the fl 
 idk saying mike brown traded some rellos for weed instead of stealing aint much of a brighter tale...
 gunn get a big assbag of weed and blow the fuck down during this snowstorm tonight
 but if a man is selling weed  they make sure he goes away...smh...priorities 
 what did you switch from coke to weed 
 drank a little drank  smoke a little smoke.
 whos idea was it to weed wackleaf blow at 730 am this cant be legal 
 if could also blow smoke up their asses  hed be qualified to be the democrat nominee for president in 2020.  
 blessed at @zuckersbagels amp smoked fish in new york  ny  
 im not going to no sxsw unless youngsta or peewee wanna smoke something.
 i dont smoke but im sure i can do this 
 romeo y julieta reserva real veronas court. mellow morning smoke. cigars purocigar @cigarsmoke 
 who tryna smoke
 you coulda thought she wanted to smoke  bitches is ill 
 full plate armor made of weed
 yo @artiequitter did you shoot dope  smoke it or snort it this week we talk syringe malfunction and i wanted to get your take 
 old people get bread and milk im over here trying to make sure ill have enough weed to get snowed in
 is trump serious about job creation then  leave marijuana alone report 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 im just tryna smoke some weed
 colonial tour guide yes folks that is the smell of marijuana  it is legal here. side note come to college here its super fun   dead
 larry sanders finally put the weed down
 hows this for scary mcafee was wanted as an accomplice to murder in belize and he came in 2nd behind dopey weed man in libertarian party
 @libbywiseee hahaha she thought it was street name for weed
 @anamardoll try weed. i wouldnt give 10.00 for all the weed you could put in the trunk of my cadillac   for personal use. but it helps some
 you can still smoke  but eat healthy and fuck munchies ahah
 rather take a pack of smokes than you
 we smoke strictly american spirits
 lil more jack in my coke  lil more high in my smoke
 its just better to smoke with one person or alone 
 @mattfontana83 @jrcherry3 @egoldie80 shumpert wll have enough weed to share with larry sanders  johnmarshalllawyers  drd
 a smoker would theoretically have to consume nearly 1 5
 @cmahar3 so the guy deserved to die for selling weed get the fuck outta here
 @bso @jeandralebeauf i wonder was the full twerk service included in the funeral servicefightingpour liquor over coffinno weedrachetness
 rolling smoke on these for tomorrow. cant complain about this job. @ polk city bbq company 
 made some new stoner buds at the smoke shop. thanks  deadland
 @shelbychong @tommychong yes  the magic man from the hempfest in seattle is going to la again this time to smoke a bowl you outi tommy
 a regular customer of mine slipped what i thought was money in my apron. i went to get it and it was a little bag with a nug of weed
 the hs kid sitting next to me asked his friend if selling weed to make money is good amp his friend responded no itll make there eyes red
 None
 theyre outside pullingburning the weeds 
 im off amp im tryna smoke 
 my grandma smoked with us what is happening hahaha
 anyone tryna smoke
 breh i could see the fire smoke from the 210
 that new smokehouse pizza from little caesars is top 5 dead or alive. on my mama geee lol
 there was a fire in whittier and i can see all the smoke amp now i dont wanna go to school cause im probably gunna get allergies 
 this album is slept on to me  probably because it look scary asf but that smoke aint there for no reason  album 
 there is smoke in the air. you know what that means theres a fire close by boi
 who tryna smoke
 this guy really started rolling a blunt in the doctors office  left his baby inside his stroller while he went to go smoke it outside
 my uncle left some weed for one of my ex coworkers so he could pick it up lmao  
 i thought instapot was an ondemand weed startup  not  
 wont smoke weed but will do coke off a strangers dick...ok
 @raeebans just a quick smoke session ah change that 
 colorado cannabis tax grants support youth center amp schoolshttpst.coum3swstxoc  masnow weedmaps cbd 
 when you trynna smoke amp bond with your roommate  but he pulls that i need some alone time card . . . .
 happy smokes at villagio in merrick park shops 
 tryna smoke 
 so  excuse me while i smoke all of the weed in my possession until im a puddle of a human being because i quit.
 if you gohave been to ivy tech in lawrenceburg  then you know what i mean when i say that the elevator smells like weed 80 of the time
 its sad people would rather smoke weed than workout
   i will pour out my spirit. and i will give portents in the heavens and on the earth  blood and fire and columns of smoke.
 that damn smokehouse pizza from little ceasars good den a mf 
 i found my weed oneofthebestfeelings
  i live in a house full of smokers   but theres no lighter
 theres just too much smoke for there not to be a fire. 
 my bedtime story better have weed  wheniaminbedalone
 singin karaoke in a double wide  with smoke so thick itll burn your eyes 
 it becomes hard to english when ive smoked too much  
 fr just tryna smoke some woods
 boutta smoke inside its too cold for all that
 tried using this stove top grill a coworker gave me. after giant grease fire  the smoke alarm 
 update  currently about to smoke a backwood  
 @kfhall0852 @teresahutson1 im starting to wonder about my smoke alarms.  should smoke alarms be added to the list 
 my grandad just told me they used to have smoke breaks at the meetings in the 70s cigs amp weed amp before service yall 
 i need one of these. old cooler converted into a smoke house for deliciousness. 
 pretty much smoked 5 blunts to calm or make worse the side effects of my new anxiety med
 like a backwood nigga well smoke shawty
 oooooo  raven is the first one out. i was right  vanessas bitchy attitude was a smoke screen  thebachelorfinale 
 the weed overthrow was successful.
 @wiltrahan where theres smoke theres fire booooooo badpun
 the only good thing about the world being desegregated was we got some good ass weed
 for real i had to tell this old couple parked right outside smoking weed to turn down the boyz ii men they were blaring. ah  los angeles.
 so ive been tryna smoke this blunt for 3 hrs 
 @selinamartin a pack of camels and a smoke alarm
 debating going outside to smoke but its cold 
 for a house full of smokers  i sure as hell can never find a lighter in this place 
 sniff a little coke  take a little x  smoke a little weed  drink a little bit
 aww shit  found this balcony on my hotel. time to smoke this backwood 
 nights like this you sit on a roof and smoke a backwood so peaceful out
 tryna smoke some
 i thought i found my wife until i found out she doesnt like weed smh
 shout out yacht but this aint a lil boat yea i smoke... but do i have too nope.... drake and gucci go to hard
 tell people your busy dealing with the aftermath of a car crash and the first thing they ask can you get me weed god forbid you run out 
 yes weed grows mold. if youve ever thought u smoked laced weed before  it was most likely moldy. no one wastes expensive drugs on weed.
 this morning i have a goldennutmilk feat turmeric. peanut butter  coco milk  hemp hearts  tahineh  bee pollen  honey  brasil nuts. tgn
 head full of smoke  body full of ink
 im tryna smoke somebody fire me up
 hey whats everyones favorite smokey eye pallette thnx
 i want some smoke and breakfast
 @kellyannepolls @foxandfriends @ingrahamangle odd how russia comes to djt defense when his wiretapping smoke screen fell apart
 @super70ssports hahaha. you didnt take the easy way out with a weed joke. nicely done. hahaha
 sure i take a little more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now 
 im trying to smoke and go get breakfast 
 who tryna sit in the car amp smoke a backwood after school 
 i smoke alone 97 of the time ..
 @foxnews @ingrahamangle we all know this just a smoke screen by this joke of a network to misdirect away from this 
 who tryna smoke
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in carrollwood  fl 
 which one of you set off the smoke detector this morning 
 @lebatardshow the twins could sell small bags of weed with the beer.
 @vixenrogue @abc i would watch this. also  a bachelor with a curmudgeonly middle aged guy who smokes  is sarcastic  and detests reality tv.
 where my lifetime of weed niggas at that can build their score to 850 while high
 my grandma just asked me if the tattoo on my back was a marijuana leaf  wtf no grandma 
 we kan go and smoke this  rock @ fairington park 
 the aftermath of the smoke sesh was that i was blown out my mind and only got thru 3 blunts b4 i lost grip on reality
 id rather smoke a cig 
 im a cannabisal. i eat other humans when i get the munchies
 the munchies of eddie lacy will be hard to control with all the legal weed amp good asian food available in seattle
 gov. mcauliffe set to sign marijuana reforms into law  
 a bit more than i expected the hustler sandwich with smoked mac and cheese at market 104 @hiltonshreve in 
 she then decided to start lightly tapping it on the table to show me how you would break up weed or crush pills with it 
 @christichat @veteran4trump @potus  @snoopdogg stick to smoking weed. thats where your talent lies. leave the assassination videos alone.
 little lunch @ belly up smokehouse amp saloon in chicago  il 
 who tryna smoke  
 georgia ave post office still hasnt fixed the beeping smoke detector
 day 8... 90 of the weeds are done  more mud to cleanup and fallen trees  but weve made progress  
 if this is what the government use to test the effects of marijuana then no wonder they thought people were losing 
 you smoke while waiting for it to kick in jack ass  
 this girl in line is telling a story of a boy who thought she was a lil stupid freshman who would get in bed whim for weed
 @geanaeedesiree im off @ 10. nail shop  weed shop  then beach
 why is it snowing when im tryna smoke a b 
 plugged in  ready to rock n roll bbqsupply @ rubs backcountry smokehouse 
 spicey has no clue when it comes to healthcare. the more he get into the weeds  the more he spits all over himself.
 remember to always start your morning with a bowl of weedies  a part of everyones nutritional breakfast
 someone today do you smoke pot and can i have your number  me  no
 i wish i was able to smoke at the crib  id be all set for today.
 @safieezy dude i went to mad smoke shops and i found none hahaha
 none drinking turns me into a different person amp weed makes me tired 
 whos tryna smoke and get some pieology 
 pretty sure theres a group of girls @ my school who would give me 90 for a gram of weed aka oregano
 my uncles weed stinks 
 cudi and smoke 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 just tryna keep weed smoke in my lungs and tits on my lips
 i left my weed at home today cause i thought i wouldnt need it   fooled myself
 @kimguilfoyle smoken hot today look gorgeous in whte
 mikey hit another bomb and another babe will u marry me holy smokes @michaelechavia 
 and let you smoke it in the kitchen while grandma cookin 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 not bad time for some hot cocoa @ south hempstead  new york 
 its ninetynine degrees outside. put that in your pipe and smoke it.  mother baumann
 i was just tryna cook a nice dinner for my mom and now the house is filled with smoke and the knife is stuck inside the squash 
 i rather smoke then drink 
 now im tryna smoke. 
 @deptofdefense new york department of homeless services dhs police allows weed k2 and other stuff in but they wont let me n with hot coffee
 we actually made it this trip  burnt ends @ 4 rivers smokehouse in jacksonville  fl  
 i like to smoke weed and do math. i said math
 when u see ur landlord parking outside ur window and remember u didnt take the bag off the smoke detector 
 its all fun amp games til i run outta weed..
 @gregabbotttx why dont we just put in transgender bathrooms and get it over with im sure we spend more weedeatin the governors mansion
 @uncastellsmes i tried taking a tab of monkey dna once at a club  no effect whatsoever  as bad as the time i smoked 
 @niniisanchez @foreigncarli us when the weed hit and i play this song 
 me just now im tryna smoke 
 none of my friends tryna smoke with me 
 great to know that the smoke alarms in our new apt work and also come with a lady installed that says fire fire fire. cookingwithmatt
 when the ledgers of history are drawn up  ill be on the side of the smokers and the masturbators. 
 @momitforward ooh smoked salmon and avocado what a fun idea gotta try that avohappiness gno
 who puts weed in they trunk
 @kingddre bbq at my house on sunday. come through  drink a little  smoke a little. you know 
 i gata hurry up and smoke
 shes a little red wine hes a little bit of whiskey smoke
 sports obsessed and also not a douche bag... confused as to why thats so damn hard to find  also smokes a little weed or a lot.
 thought i was a pretty good cook until i filled my sisters house with smoke trying to make a party pizza chef
 who tryna smoke 
 and number 45 over here tryna criminalize weed everywhere 
 odd breakfast stout  but still good  slight smoke subdues map... daylight cravings 2016  photo
 fuck a weeding ring i bought a necklaceee 
 only effect weed has on me is sleep lmao
 great intro by rachel maddow presidential taxes history  trump russia ties. still  length of it suggests more smoke small fire trumptaxes
 what are the chances these leaked tax returns are a smoke screen to divert attention whitehouse trump 
 this tax stuff is a smoke screen comey speaking to congressional committee tomorrow re russia
 takes one hit of the weeds @matthewcocacbs  timothyphilip17 @ 
 i went for a smoke and made food and its 72. jesus
 tall fat fire and smoked wings at @smokeybonesbar amp fire grill in kissimmee  fl  
 in chicago we smoke amp drink underage  because 21 not promised 
 another day america living thru  disaster aka trump administration  another set of smoke amp mirrors.. stayfocusedamerica taxstorydiversion
 out of weed a horror story
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 can smoke sour in a backwood 
 @barstooltrent i found a columbia jacket in iowa city one night and the pocket was stuffed with weed
 @lawrence  is the discovery of this tax return a smoke screen to deflect focus from something else..
 @jonahjeter if anything  this leak was probably aided by trump. gotta make smokes and mirrors.
 whos tryna smoke
 the marijuana industrys first unicorn is being added to an influential stock index  
 im swimming in the smoke of bridges i have burned
 @brandontxneely @donaldjtrumpjr @realdonaldtrump whats that going to prove for you smoke n mirrors. self promotion much  fat boy
 @foxnews @adamshawny  sure e did while e soaked is cigars  and fidel castro smoked is cigars  potus trump  straight ahead wdraining
 sure  i take more jack in my coke now. a little more high in my smoke now.
 grandma just told me i smoke too much pot nograndma
 jack n coke  couple smokes
 its way too cold to smoke outside the only choice i have is to pull gbs out the window.
 8.75 pounds of marijuana was donated to monroe goodwill hahaha
 who donated a cooler full of weed to the monroe goodwill niggas next time come to the juanita goodwill g25
 who donated a cooler full of weed to the monroe goodwill niggas next time come to the juanita goodwill g25
 all be do is smoke weed  fuck  shop and partyyyy 
 dnt make me smoke alone
 hello realtor friends join us for this fun marijuana ce credit class on 320 420 marijuana realestate 
 remember when mariah carey went to a weed dispensary in a full on ball gown
 im just tryna smoke w my pals on my birthday.
 @usatoday of course he didnt give what is needed just another smoke screen
 @michaelskolnik @lucid00 the new age hitler the middle low class single moms elderly children will all eventually die cover it smoke screen
 time to get high ampamp let the weed take all my problems away .
 stop tryna sell me your bunk ass weed
 when the ledgers of history are drawn up  ill be on the side of the smokers and the masturbators. those are my people. fatherjohnmisty
 hmmm should i smoke a blunt
 i need to take @xsamonee advice i need about ah pound and ion smoke 
 alright. so where the gas at  i aint tryna smoke no bs
 just want to sit outside by a fire and smoke a cigar 
 i be offering to smoke people out on twitter just so i wont smoke alone
 why i bought some fire ass weed off this nigga from grindr 
 i witnessed truee smoke a cigarette tonight wow @joseetruee 
 she thought she was gone smoke for free. ha 
 the only thing weed hurts is my kitchen 
 sad bc i can only smoke menthols now  my lungs dont know what to do when i smoke reds 
 @shoenosoul reds used to be my shit but all kelsey smokes is menthol so u already know i smoke those hoes often now i cant smoke reds
 @atlbottom i always follow a nice booty. booty weed and hot wings are my 3 weaknesses
 when the ledgers of history are drawn up  ill be on the side of the smokers and the masturbators. 
 head full of smoke body full of ink
 tryna smoke one with @yslduke
 if someone ever served me up what the government is using to test marijuana id call the cops on them
 @tomtom1964 @jhansman  not defending the trump...think politics is smoke n mirrors...just impressed by @sellis1994 ability to predict.
 maddowtrumptax return a joke just anothertrump smoke screen because comey has something to say today hope comey doesnt disappoint
 im feigning for smokes and the universe is just throwing hella not today my way  help
 went outside to smoke a cig but decided to say fuck the cig and come back inside because it feels like alabama weather outside
 @realdonaldtrump @nbcnews this planted return means zip. all smokeampmirrors put in play by coward trying 2 divert at 
 @blackdreams21 just leave my weed alone and we all gucci bro. lol
 @chriscuomo trump logic though. show the last time he actually paid taxes 2005. the next 11 years he did not. smoke and screen
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 know yourself to be a successful entrepreneur find and weed out your weaknesses. join @stepuptf for a firesidechat
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 bang  either way  bruh. get your left tackle. if there is a puff of smoke in was  im trying to see if theres fire. 
 the wv house introduces a bill that would legalize marijuana giving it similar regulations to alcohol. more tonight on 59news marijuana
 man leave us weedsmokers alone. 
 that smokepurpp tm was playin on snapchat sound so fire
 @msnbc @nbcnews forget the smoke  head for the fire. enough about the taxes trumpcare is the real story
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 cooler full of weed donated to goodwill 
 cooler filled with 24k of marijuana donated to goodwill 
 @jeffsessions has no idea. reefer madness 2.0. reschedule it so we can actually do research on the effects of long 
 lots of smoke so there must be at least some fire 
 see... china. russia is a smokescreen and putin loves it. 
 cooler full of weed donated to goodwill 
 cooler full of weed donated to goodwill 
 @h2oetal holy smokes. i cannot do math first thing in the morning.
 @ivankatrump  i use weed
 iowa politics today iowa gets f on medical marijuana access    via @gazettedotcom @safeaccess you made press
 quick smoke sesh before hopping on paragon 
 @ivankatrump and your dads healthcare plan wont help most of them  nor will his administrations policy on marijuana. do something about it
 @thequint seems there is smoke somewhere  these fake reporters can not admire hardwork of common man @tajinderbagga. shame on fakenews
 i propose the buckley compromise weed will be legal  but only on your yacht  and all impressionable harvard youths 
 cooler full of weed donated to goodwill 
 spin and win at cirrus smoke shop. we have another winner spinandwin smokeshop fortmyers 
 man i hope trump federally legalizes weed.
 @lionelmedia cured mine by smoking weed  medicine for sure
 id rather smoke cilantro 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now 
 bathroom break @ weed rest area in weed  ca 
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter park  fl 
 i understand that but to say it wastes weed is a bit of an overstatement  
 ever notice that when trump is under pressure  he sends out a smokescreen taxes  amp plans a rally so he can feel adored fakepresident
 cooler full of marijuana donated to monroe goodwill gtgt 
 i just smoke a little bit of weed and put blueberrys in my coco puffs it was hella good
 i was feigning for crack and weed  the combination made my eyes bleed
 whoo a lighter pick dugout weve got another cirrus wheel winner spend 30 os smoke items to 
 @blahbla21504393 @mmarmmprpatient she provokes and taunts others but she knows nothing about cannabis or its culture. waste
 the good lord can burn them all done.  if everyone were like me on this subject there would no market whatsoever of weed.
 when the cats away...... @ the dunedin smokehouse  @thedsmokehouse in dunedin  fl 
 @cocoabeach having a hearing on marijuana dispensary.
 cannabis amp the love hormone found to have similar effects on the brain  marijuana  via @massroots lovesminiblog
 cooler full of weed donated to goodwill 
 @winetrackerco @rannveiginga my friend one time made a chess set that was to smoke weed out of lost the piece you had to smoke it
 cooler full of weed donated to goodwill 
 trump is in bed with russia which would make putin the most powerful man in the world not trump . snoop dogg smokes 
  rt @complex somebody accidentally donated a cooler full of weed to goodwill  
 all i wanted to do today was buy shit i needed and then go to the smoke shop.  i hate not having a car.
 made it to weed  ca @ weed city 
 made it to weed  ca @ weed city 
 id rather smoke a l than take one 
 shot of jack amp lil coke @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 @ingrahamangle @lifezette he definitely has bigger fish to fry let the states make up their mind about marijuana good tax revenue
 friggin smoke screen ss watch list my ass high profile wannabe thug w  plus black fuckin joke id already b 
 autismawareness autismspeaks @ st smoke shop 
 grandma amp mom are literally about to go smoke a blunt with the cable guy...only my family.
 @haleymonettt literally any smoke shop will have fake urine. its usually pretty inexpensive as well. ive used it before.
 with zero tolerance in schools  i wonder if singing alternate version of on top of old smokey is a suspendable offense. loveyourteachers
 beer and good conversation with my rock star friend.goodtimes @ northbound smokehouse and brewpub 
 smoke shop trappin. come fwm stsmokeshop stsmokeshopwinrock @ st smoke shop 
 a little more high in my smoke now
 @bsosa @vincestaples @spacejesusbass smoke and retribution  little bit of this  bagbak  etc.  are all almost indisputably over edm beats
 in chicago we smoke and drink underage because 21 not promised 
 let me give you a deal. stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 sus he complains about you going his bag of weed he not the plug
 rummaged through every cabinet in my house looking for allergy meds..found some..but also found a bag of weed inside the container
 enjoying a fantastic dinner with good friends. @ smoke rise country club in smokerise  ga 
  someone donated five big bags of weed to goodwill in washington if i can start going to goodwill to get weed im in. no used shit tho
 @pflanns ah good. always loved and respected the old garden crowds. as kid could barely see game through the smoke.
 walked into the shop opened the outside door  heard my boss say fuck that stand over here where the camera wont see and smoked inside.
 im tryna smoke with you 
 bingo. trivia portlandmaine friends @ salvage bbq amp smokehouse 
 i wanna smoke  but its too cold to be smoking outside nshit
 i cooked dinner tonight amp didnt even set off the smoke alarm. goals dinnerisready
 huh  these drugs fell from a ruined spacecraft  better smoke the shit out of themmy rimworld colonist before winding up going bonkers
 my real insecurity is a deep desire to have anonymous french girls with small tits and cigarette smoke hair to think im cool
 you turn 18 and your sapposed to take care of yourself. but now in lane county you still cant make the decision to smoke or not. hmmm
 students  some of whom left their belongings in library in rush to get out  said fire alarms went off and they could smell smoke.
 business of cannabis event in santa barbara sellout crowd filled with entrepreneurs  investors  startups  suppliers 
 people passin faster than im passin weed
 it was soooo much i hate small planes and i thought the plane was gone blow up cuz i smelled smoke when we started 
 tryna smoke
 carved a path through the weeds on the side of our property. 
 id rather be ya nigga  so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
 i would so much rather smoke a joint and relax than get tanked off alcohol and lose control.   good thing one is illegal and frowned upon
 forgotten weed stash donated to goodwill     i never find things this good at my local goodwill thrift store.
 the fuck they smoke at hogwarts
 @ashlei @syyydneyyy @ceeventus @djack97 @lovemarlynnnn @jasminham @tayyaarmstrong @joethefed  but will you be providing the weed
 uw is smoked for that one ... smdh
 @ubersoft oh no  not the magic smoke
 id love to smoke here 
 listening to scary stories while i smoke this blunt 
 getting ready for potluck tomorrow brisket and corned beef smoked with brussel sprouts @ 
 anybody tryna smoketh some dopeth
 kant get no weed.. booty xalls not answering .. im just fuxked up 
 i hate that its cold  so it sucks going outside to smoke a square
 tryna smoke wassup
 gota press through it light some weed if it helps 
 @llyssewylle when prohibition was lifted  we didnt become a nation of alcoholics. marijuana will not create a nation of druggies either
 little do they know all i do is smash out my shit early then sit on my ass and smoke 
 you know i have to dip through missouri city to get the smoke
 translation alcohol and pharma lobbyists spend a lot of money trying to stave off reefer madness. 
 so i love glaz new update @rainbow6game smoke is useful now in those sticky situations
 marijuana marijuana its a number one a
 cooler filled with marijuana donated to washington state goodwill  
 @vv4change i love terpenes. theyre what take your cannabis from offthepeg to custom tailored.
 i like sitting outside @ night when i smoke. not in this weather though 
 i was asked to smoke crack outside of subs n suds.
 could be wrong but im p sure my eyes turn red when i dont smoke weed now and turn back when i light up all recent evidence supports this
 no response then ill smoke alone
 im tryna smoke
 what damnit i cant understand this  dang it dang it  the judge probably went to reefer 101 classes with obama whi 
 i rather smoke alone
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now but i aint sittin round tryin to drown the thought of you
 we can smoke one first if you tryna get lit 
  important advice for youngsters if your roommates ask you to go out dont it will not be fun and will waste money better invested in weed
 cooler full of weed donated to goodwill 
 body full of smoke these niggaz full of hate  @neighborhood704 @ lust of charlotte 
 cooler full of weed donated to goodwill 
 i would give my left tit to be able to smoke a cigarette in a warm place right now. 
 smoke a lil weed slap a little and forget you a square ..
 cooler full of weed donated to goodwill 
 this reminds me of when i got @nochilljosh to smoke a pencil 
 @jimnorton the fucking urinal story heeeeeeeey had me fucking dead . please come to california dude. well smoke a joint and sabb out
 cooler full of weed donated to goodwill 
 quick run to the my cuzzo weed shop lets get this fire after a long day 
 careful what door take aint magic shit this so real no denying so alluring intoxicating weednp i qka insatiable as a susi b me bcad
 i didnt make it to the liquor store in time for a soda  nor do i have any weed to smoke. sus.
 on right now @philamatoanjax reading a story about someone who accidentally sent 5 bags of marijuana to goodwill. what a time to be alive
 goodwill employees were very surprised when they opened a cooler and found 3.75 pounds of marijuana  police said 
 im so stoned i thought the green light on my smoke detector was someone shining a laser at my ceiling. 
 this guy is a throwback to the 1950s.   reefer madness. jim crow. but not the cold war. russia good 
 trump should respect wiretaps since he love wikileaks. another smoke screen to take attention off russian investigation.
 its so cold outside that im bundled up in two hoodies and my thick cover to come outside and smoke a cigarette... 15degrees smh go away
 people were making great jokes about this cooler full of weed that got donated to goodwill. then ron comes along 
 who leaves 3 pounds of weed at goodwill someone in washington. by @amandajtx  
 @chillwig @wolfenhaus cant disagree if were lumping the encore into the set 2 considerations. both smoked  but  yep.
 whos tryna dd tonight my birthday at 12am an im definitely not driving  itll be worth it especially if you smoke 
 have found a new meaning for wire tapping.  to blow smoke up everyones kilt.
 i smoke weed for breakfast
 leave the weed alone 
 if your prof is the advisor for the program youre trying to get in... you probably shouldnt come to class smelling like weed 
 cooler filled with marijuana donated to goodwill 
 whos down to kick it   i got fire weed
 @combatsets @ryanrand99 @scottlnsc @mcdonalds go smoke putins pole  fascist cuck.
 @peachgoddessss smoke in the bathroom like we did at mine
 @brendathed3v1l nope  it is just weed.
 high  i thought i was finna die   thats why i dont smoke anymore  drunk  well im forever drunk so idk  i need re 
 ugly ass this ponytails for suckin dick lookin ass smokes half a cigarette and has a coughing fit lookin ass 
 cant escape cigarette smoke today. unfortunate when someone elses life choices effect you. asthmasucks environmentallycausedasthma
 they tryna take my weed man to jail so a nigga had to pull up on the scene ian going for it
 @romacraft neanderthal hn. big strength amp flavor morning smoke. cigars purocigar @cigarsmoke @smokeroma
 @romacraft neanderthal nh. bif strength amp flavor morning smoke. cigar @cigarsmoke @smokeroma purocigar 
 @lauraangelina make sure he didnt take any weed for that backwoods
 watch the effect marijuana has on dogs after they ... 
 watch the effect marijuana has on dogs after they ... 
 who tryna smoke
 a little more high in my smoke now 
 @realdonaldtrump you lied about cannabis.  i do not support people who take office under false pretence
 they put a smoke shop right by my house 
 get high off leannnn smoke pounds of og for our fallen homiesss
 i tried telling people the smoke was evidence there was fire
 for 9 yrs ive come to @bwwings for marchmadness always sit outside eat drink amp smoke. now i cant smoke outside. im leaving for @hooters
 whos down to smoke a pound or down with the underground  how about being down with the clown
 some generous stoner left a bunch of weed to goodwill in a donated cooler  via @vice
 @msnbc @chipcoffey @cnn @maddow @mmflint im sure @realdonaldtrump paid that kid 2 jump the wh fence to blow smoke.the press wisely left it
 im at old crow smokehouse river north in chicago  il 
 fbi is one of the best in the world. the rest of us can see all the smoke we hear the fbi talking. theyre going to get you  donald trump.
 i just set the smoke alarm in my building off trying to make ramen noodles ugh
 sdpd says dam coffee shop in north park was selling marijuana illegally. 
 captain  full weed ahead...  
 they leave me weed for babysittinggtgtgtgt
 hella sad i dont think i can use my ca canabis card in new york. 
 @therobbrownshow but shes not brown  so maybe he might a bit  but probably not. after all  the kkk using marijuana is i his issue w them.
 the sun is bright amp shinning  such a beautiful day to sit out in the patio and smoke one 
 you are the human equivalent of a smoke ring blown on the worlds smallest vape
 much like this tatuaje my bracket is already up in smoke  nowsmoking tatuaje leverit 
 well all that weed i be smoking is bringing my weight down but that ass situation its goes to my baby 
 more smoke screen from trump. this leaked tax return was his copy. so he leaked it then claimed it was illegal and fakenews. nice try.
 more smoke screen from trump. leaked tax return was his copy. so he leaked it then claimed it was illegal leaked and fakenews. nice try.
 i dont even smoke ls so why would i take one... peopleplacesandthings
 the only thing that sucks about going outta state is paying full price for weed when back home your plug hooks you up
 you goin smoke me ova ah bitch
 @muleskinnerucm hopefully there are more to come and installed where the smokers stand and will use them  yuck notmytrash
 i used to smoke the weed till my fingers burned
 @nightphysics good times and weed
 climate change is a waste of your money meals on wheels is not our problem  maga what drugs do you people smoke trumpcuts
 @badasssery besies all the smoke and mirrors potus puts out he has proen time an time again he is unfit for the office of potus fakepotus
 great realtor buffet at the smokehouse today smokehousehhi bbqbuffet we can handle 
 can you recommend anyone for this job smokey bones bar amp fire grill  bartender   hospitality kissimmee  fl
 my5yeargoal complete my weed garden...itll take me that b o n g long 
 fucking their weed suppliers 
 @corinhoggard @warmstrongabc30 @abc30 og glass  it is amp was a smoke shopgraffiti art shop changed their name to the friant drone zone. 
 cooler full of marijuana donated to goodwill  
 holy smokes  are the kids and elderly not eating the meals todays rufkmrn 
 hey @theryanlindsay does @meatings have smoked meat sandwiches im dying for a mtl style sandwich on rye ottfood
 and they are all smoking weed outside  drinking and im pretty freaking sure theyre like in middle school
  @williamsburg300 leads off top 2 with a smoked single to lf @acthshuddle
 who tryna smoke
 cooler full of marijuana donated to goodwill 
 todays word of the day is adverse effect .... i am going to take this medicine smoke a blunt and enjoy the adverse effect
 does anyone else think 45s budget cuts are a smoke screen to deflect attn away from russia again @michaelianblack @alohaalaska
 we can skate  smoke and take a lil dip
 she chased the fuck outta that smoke 
 drink whiskey   smoke weed  green rivers. chicago things
 first time at johnnyrockets  was very good. smokehouse double @ cielo vista 
 congratulations to deanna fisher  she won a 25 smokehouse 61 bbq gift card  winningwednesday 
 well i just found out that our smoke detectors work and theyre really loud
 @littlecaesars my boyfriend got your smokehouse pizza ampamp spicy bbq wings for dinner ampamp he loves it. i got the chee 
 yeah i also love weed and have a card for it. i also used to managed a smokeshop thats not on my resume because its frowned upon
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 i smoke weed just 2 leave earth  
 tryna leave my house ill smoke you out
 wondering what all that smoke was in nebraska today 
 where theres smoke  and there is an awful lot hanging around trump and his administration  theres fire.  factoid
 im at the strand smokehouse  @strandsmoke in astoria  ny 
 describing 213 e. poplar st. property in york thats up for a vote whether it can be turned into medical marijuana 
 you smoke rn you might go full 5 star cook in kitchen 
 just released exclusive 1603  marykate amp ashley take a smoke break outside their office in new york 
 clinton ally mike morrell theres smoke but no fire  at all in claims of russiatrump collusion 
 you must look past the smoke screen  not all hate him. the ones who do are just small people with small brains. 
 trump owed tillerton exxon  so he slashed epa budget. no money for climate change.  get it   smoke stacks  exhaust emissions get it 
 the trump administration thinks theyre gonna take away our legal marijuana and ship us deadly nuclear waste. lol. 
 @2girls1nv nope no weed  some good lean doe 
 holy smokes toronto needed this
 stomach flu had me dead alllll day  whos tryna smoke now that im more alive
 thought it would be super easy to find weed out here. but here i am  weedless.
 with a hand full of beans  and a chest full of weed got me singing bout a bitch
 got a little lost in the weeds with @aylinwoodward yesterday. 
 the british are coming  to a dive bar near you @ mables smokehouse 
 good lord the amount of smoke outside is almost unbearable.
 am i the only one that would much rather smoke alone like i love smoking alone idk
 lms if you smoke ampamp can have company right now
 thick new york prime steaks on the barbie... @ renes smokehouse 
 thick new york prime steaks on the barbie... @ renes smokehouse 
 @primetimeryne latent buyers remorse. only way to get money to but better ol going forward. this is smoke without a fire  tho
 the perfect cannabis cocktail ampamp mocktail recipes  via @liquor.com
 i rather just smoke bruh
 @teammshs fundraiser tomorrow night at smokehouse grill from 59pm. the athletes will be waiting tables and doing dishes
 congressional cannabis caucus to take on trump administration 
 @stacyg52 @stevenwhirsch99 stacy how much crack did you smoke before this tweet id rather spend it on her than massaging rabbits
 need endless amounts of advil and weed
 cooler full of marijuana donated to goodwill 
 hey  smoke detectors  snitches get stitches bitch  fire
 hahaha my mom loves to smoke with me
 sure ill take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 @skrongmeat you tryna smoke 
 guys  take a second to look at what injecting marijuana did to my childhood role model. maybe next time youll thin 
 id rather not smoke at all then put my weed in a joint paper
 here is a nifty little ailment guide for all the different cannabinoids found in cannabis 
 i found a gorgeous blunt  but i dont have weed 
 myself enjoying dinner . this is the cool desert called  holy smoke at louies port washington  
 who has the weed notes for mr. cheeks halp
 who tryna smoke with the kid 
 i was tryna get my weed money situated 
 where theres smoke theres fire. where theres fire theres putintrump. impeach45 
 after i smoke amp collect my thoughts i be good.
 this guys totally taking that home to smoke  goodwill accidentally accepted donation of a cooler filled with pot  
 @joerogan umm.. this is absolutely crazy this test for 6 ng of thc or higher  so any medical marijuana user is now 
 being home alone gtgtgt  my momma dont want me to smoke in the house but im going to  cos shes states away
 @dystopics were going to smoke in a bit so ill ask then
 get yo lid game onpoint. stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 i used to smoke the weed until my fingers burned 
 @alexisraeana yeah its trash for sure but these old heads round here would buy it. i dont wanna smoke it.
 when your dad gives you some love potion weed  such a gorgeous tasty strain
 drink a little drink smoke a little smoke
 having a smoke a toke some dope
 cbd gummies stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 i made those brownies way too thick. i shouldve put some weed in them @karsynmckennon 
 @salon has kindly published me twiceboth essays about weed. p.s. fuck you  @jeffsessions. resign  you incompetent 
 i think senator sessions is way out of touch when it comes to cannabis. what is bad that it is federally illegal time to decriminalize weed
 and as a marijuana bird we can take our turns singen them dirty rap songs
 @ivankatrump chase bank has the power to turn off smoke alarms on floors under u . did u know that .
 @bso @stephenflorival @damfoolrep did someone donate snoop doggs cooler of weed to goodwill by accident donation weed lost amp found weed
 @seanhannity i heard van jones smoked anderson coopers pole off set to get his job at cnn  pass that one around. maddow muff dived hillary
 you found the weed in my bag 
 i thought this bag of weed was a loaf of bread. ps. i got into the bag before that thought. 
 whos tryna smoke
 who trynna smoke this morning   i cant smokrnout side cuz its to frozen for allat
 holy smokes diplomacy 101afail. meanwhile  russia hacks a half billion americans amp trump is mum. smdh resist 
 swanson smokes a double down the left field line  neitzel scores the hawks lead 20
 time to smoke a fat backwood
 it will take more that talk to snub out enthusiasm trump takes aim at cannabis  
 @bossladybri i was but i didnt wanna smoke in ya garage. today
 @rainbow6game glaz is op when you pick people with smoke grenades to match his. easiest way to get a ace 
 b sure to smoke some weed today gogreen
 got a different strain for every single occasion..... let me smoke you out  you gone turn into an asian.... lowlife crooknation stoner
 @washingtonpost russia consp  oma wiretap r smoke screens. wecare def up amp rest down  hlthcare costaccess  env  me interven blowback
 @heerjeet russia consp  obama wiretap r smoke screens. wecare def up amp rest down  hlthcare  costaccess  env  me intervention blowback
 @bizpacreview russia consp or obama wiretap r smoke screens. libs amp cons need concentrate on issues. hlthcare cost  env  interven  immig
 i could literally have 10k in my account and spend 100 on weed without thinking but as sooooooon as i pay i bill 
 @thehill so what.  was he a traitor where was obama admin both us amp russia talk at different levels. it amp obama wiretap is a smoke screen.
 @ladykay2425 so ur a serial dick smoker
 mami swear on god that u dont smoke  me nope 
 @postpolitics russia conspiracy or obama wiretap r smoke screens. reds amp blues need concent on issueshlthcare cost  env  interven  immig
 donald trump tell the truth about russia and president obama and take your medicine. reports say obama is a smoke screen for russia.
 @realdonaldtrump tweeted sure i smoked a lot of pot as a teenager  and snorted lots of coke  but i dont do that anymore.
 id be willing to bet many of your players smoke a little green here amp there... 
 first time being in his city choppin it up at the car shop he randomly asks hey you got weed then proceeds to toss a vick my way luv 
 i thought for a good 2 minutes that someone broke in to smoke weed w it and thats what had killed it. regardless t 
 all they had to do was smoke it
 im just tryna smoke lol
 just tryna get out the dmv so i can smoke this gas i left in the whip
 tryna smoke and get food 
 id die if smoked this  
 i get out at 12 today but idk if i should just leave now and smoke 
 cus jails are filled w people selling little bags of weed and illegal dvds and hopping a train so we have all the 
 just set off the smoke detector 
 @geonadj oh for sure man i only@go outside to go to the gym and smoke sometimes its too unbearable
 @weekndempire quit blowing smoke up peoples asses  crooks @trans1110   take a peek global terrorist 
 how unawesome would it be if the world was killed by weed spray
 @kylespisla and furthermore susan i wouldnt be the least bit surprised to find that they all habitually smoke marijuana cigarettes refers
 a beauty exclusive to hwy 27 woodbridge lcbo very rare and little known grape schioppettino complex  smokey blk c 
 tell me why i thought this was one of these weed pictures where the nug is covered in dab 
 anybody set up a live feed of the dail basketball center yet so we can monitor for red smoke out of the chimney
 anyone tryna smoke w me 
 corned beef anyone this is our special today  a side of smoked brussel sprouts grab some 
 when your stepdad barges in your room during the middle of the night wondering where his weed went
 im tryna smoke this og w some girls 
 my breakfast this morning was weed and fireball
 awarded a full scholarship for law school holy smokeeeessss
 @realdonaldtrump make weed federally legal so i can self medicate when i lose my healthcare
 @nycemswatch where theres smoke theres fire  right
 @opieradio @opieshow old smokie moonshine sponsors blackberry smoke fun fact.
 nice weed hats 
 that bit really smoken 
 where theres smoke  theres fire 
 there was a really bad accident on the other side of the freeway and the car was burned and smokey and it made me so sad i started crying
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in tampa  fl 
 you know you have a winner on your hands when you smoke a cigar for the first time after hearing 
 winner winner chicken dinner  emma and i smoked the maze and all 4 
 women weed and weather in full effect.
 fuck the smoke shop by chesapeakes square
 patrick stewart uses marijuana every day to treat painful arthritis i have no negative side effects  via @people
 got my weed through tsa though so todays not a complete waste
 @dogcades @therealronin of the 6 i bought i still love smokescreen and hound  tracks was pretty good. sideswipe and prowl not so great...
 dont. wait. no...warning graphic photo below of perfectly good weed going to waste. 
 was able to check out a red dragon camera today holy smokes  christmaslist my phone was 
 @datnofact @giftedhuman thats often just a smoke screen to attack any and all
 @militariscath @veritusrules the marijuana didnt make them do that
 @jimmydore this cannabis story will do d  tytlive
 having to smoke outside sucks
 @birdiesandpar @golfchannel mike weir has more talent in his left pinky than you....... wait he probably doesnt. we could both smoke him.
 @clarekcurry dude yesss im stoked. i gotta be in monroe at 430  ur more than welcomed to come with or we can smoke after its done
 found a lil ass nug but im bout to smoke it.  hopefully itll help w this anxiety
 did a lil weeding today..  . . alssucks awarenessuntilacure stpatricksday @ virginia 
 @itsgawdthemovie i love tommy chong.he has made me laugh so many  in smoke.
 my uncle just built a 40 foot green house to grow the winner of the cannibus cups best weed at his hotel in jamaica 
 williamsburg is the cannabis kingdom of new york
 thought for a minute that was weed in chis matthews pocket lol
 nothing like lighting a fire in a fireplace in a historic mansion and the smoke alarm going off. alliswell 
 whos tryna go to the river and smoke a wood
 havent even been at this hotel for 5 hours and my little brother set off the smoke detector
 i think id smoke you ova dem kaws x jordans
 i think id smoke you ova dem kaws 4s
 alcohol gtgtgt weed 
 im at old crow smokehouse river north in chicago  il 
 who tryna be a dd tonight  ill smoke you out
 who tryna smoke w me 
 eat your weeds these sweet little flowers are popping up all over my garden  and maybe in 
 rather just smoke doley..
 ya know the side effects of weed are proof god is dead makes you hungry but too lazy to get food
 @bobpockrass @delanaharvick hey should be it took them a long time to get to lajoie and the car was filled with smoke
 feel good outside so why not smoke outside gelato
 well we did take his passport so what do you expect . bye smokepenis have fun dropping the soap 
 st pattys day smoke @ havana mix cigar emporium 
 @dwm923 turns out you cant smoke cigarettes when you are on blood thinners  who wouldve known everyone
 @earlymelon i like the effect  but think the animation could be sped up a little. particularly when the smoke after the two energy collides
 my little brother almost burnt the house down making the microwave smoke cooking some popcorn 
 i was just tryna smoke a bowl and i start hearing shit
 wayyy to many weed jokes were made tonight
 i smell weed @ city of west hollywood  @wehocity in ca 
 irelands pm had a full fucking garden in his shirt pocket during that speech did u see that its like he picked up weeds before he walkd in
 i do need to smoke but trying to leave it alone at the same time
 i was i was under the influence of anything right now. alcohol  weed  the holy spirit. anything
 im tryna smoke a lil mama head off who in aiken
 never again will i smoke and be dd bc i rl drove halfway without headlights on
 id smoke your ashes
  weed so good . it makes you sneeze
 who tryna smoke
 anyone tryna smoke
 excuse the red eyes  i just smoked a little bit of mary jane californias finest how cool is my lipstick tho 
 im tryna smoke amp fall asleep the rest of the way there 
 my smoke alarm is beeping because the batteries are dying and also i dont own smoke alarms so im concerned about whats beeping.
 hmmm. more questions raised than answered. why would he think there is no fire causing the smoke 
 so what do i do then make bacon and waffles of course  and what time did i set of smoke alarm and wake everyone. lol 758 am
 red cross in southeast dc ready to go into the local neighborhood to educate on fire safety and check smoke alarms. 
 scary.  only 2.7 of americans exercise  eat right  dont smoke  proper body fat @canyonranch @htlezracornell hec92
 securing that bag  weed  amp women equals puregreatness
 @robertkennedyjr the new co2 smokestack scrubbers which turn carbon dioxide into building materials needs mandating globally. @michigantech
 im about smoke too this whole album @rickyrozay
 i dont need an alarm clock when birds outside sound like broken smoke alarms...
 if all he do is smoke   lie   amp only gaf about busting a nut then dont fuck with him   he a waste of time
 catino smokes a double to left center  klotz scores the hawks now trail 45
 im pretty sure our neighbors sell weed 
 just some killer barbecue at smoke shop in boston. bostonsbest foodvideos chefsdayoff bbq 
 mike epos smoked weed w me amp my friend then tried to fuck her 
 that after rain outside smoke man
 hearing about the time my uber driver got shot in the back of the head while living in a weed grow house was totally worth the surge pricing
 blowin loud smoke  tryna take the feeling away
 if it wasnt for weed and cold brew i would literally be dead rn
 if we all turn ourselves in for posession at the same time well overwhelm the system and prove our marijuana laws are dumb as shit
 been tryna smoke since yesterday
 bout to take xanax and adderall w  cannabis infused cannabis hemp milk . yolo sabado wakeywakey
 i hate that we cant smoke in graces anymore i get so lonely going outside alone
 did you know that mangoes increase the euphoric effects of consuming marijuana terpenes
 this is an offensive story. murder is murder. painting pot smokers in a negative light here is biased reporting. 
 if you want more reasonable cannabis laws in georgia  curt thompson is your voice in the state senate. cut50 
 sure i take a little more jack in my coke now.... a little more high in my smoke now....
 so theres a fire nearby here  and i took a picture of the smoke and thought.. its literally lit  
 beer list at salvage bbq @bunkerbrewingco plils is awesome @ salvage bbq amp smokehouse 
 @jaydanyale facts but everyone rather smoke dope and go on dummy missions 
 shes all good she just needed a smoke  
 drank a little drank  smoke a little smoke.
 i smoke wayyy to much 
 i smoke weed in the garage because of my husbands allergy to all things illegal.
 full of smoke 
 art dealer just told me how his truck with 1.5 million worth of art was taken for a joyride and all the people took was the marijuana in it
 if i was able to smoke at the crib id never go outside. lmaoooo
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in carrollwood  fl 
 tell me how i made the fire alarm go crazy while i was cooking st my job from all the smoke  firefighters came and all 
 at 16 head to the store and get some baggies for the weed and at 17 we were dtla selling crack
 @ingrahamangle @hillaryclinton is so far in the weeds it will take her a while to find the woods.
 finna smoke my first backwood back in philly .
 @gaypatriot i ask again  we have ages to drink  smoke  drive amp vote but none for changing your gender
 they stole the weed and burned it lmao
 when the weed hit you outta no where 
 that smokehouse pizza from little caesars is some flames oh my lord
 @seefoodatlantic smoked fish dip and tile fish sandwich. serious yum 
 at dinner a guy asked kayla and i to watch his bag and i swear it was full of weed  morgantown i have missed you
 all my neighbors are trimming and planting today.   man  legal weed in california is sure getting people off their asses
 @woodiiwood235 the day my aunt learned i smoked weed she thought i was bangin  robbing  jugging  finessing etc. lol
 tryna decide whether i have enough time to smoke
 why did i just go on snoop doggs twitter and suddenly smelled weed
 trumps administration said weed is only a little less evil than heroin. okay lol smh
 about  to just sit on the porch amp smoke amp gather my thoughts
 free smoke @ new york traffic 
 feel smoke gtgtgt
 fire smoke 
 after free smoke i know this album 
 origami  @ north hempstead  new york 
 i truly believe god would smoke weed. why else would he have made it.... just some thoughts ig
 hey cass  we should open up a marijuana shop  then wed be rich. umm no grandma...no
 currently pulled over and i was asked if i had crack herion meth or medical marijuana.... i thought it was a joke and laughed ..not a joke
 @stefani20diaz @kekethedon dont make me fuck you up smokeeyyyyyy
 yeah im pretty sure my mom knows i smoke
 we did a little vapin and didnt have no weed... but we got our drunk asses to the town of new orleans
 its just a little ganja
 album of the year best song free smoke end of story 
 worry more about their damn internet than the house going up in flames from a dead smoke alarm.
 she said can you just smoke a little more its just too big 
 tryna smoke some dope and let more life run
 i have a lot less weed than i thought i did and im genuinely blown.
 what a cute little irish dancer @ center street smokehouse 
 people at my house thought i was kidding until an all white van went down the street going 90 when we stepped out for a smoke break
 i actually like drakes new album. free smoke and that first verse on portland was fire lmaoo hes spazzing wont lie...
 260k grant awarded to @tahoercd to use ultraviolet light to kill invasive weeds laketahoe conservancy 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 im tryna smoke till my head pop 
 im swimming in the smoke of bridges i have burned
 free smoke the hardest song on the album
 yes. a bartender came out to smoke and now woman i dont know has cornered her to fill her in on the situation.
 presses play on fresh smoke 
 enjoying some smoked mullet dip  buffalo chicken dip  ncaa  and donnyvanslee at @flacrackerstyle 
 @aleenavarroo ive decided topanga canyon og might be one of my favorite ogs ive smoked.
 free smoke so fucking cold
 im at smoke bbq in delray beach  fl 
 already dont like drake album after hearing free smoke.
 who would smoke a nice l with me 
 where theres smoke...theres fire 
 if i gave a fuck about a bitch  id always be broke  id never have no muthafuckin indo to smoke.
 new york cannabis in @nypost  
 did this bitch just lure me outside with weed to snatch my food and run
 i smoked a little with michael before we got food and now i am so sleepy amd its only 1030  why must weed do this to me
 one of my nice followers should smoke me out
 they be forever going outside to smoke cigs
 somebody is so loud in the cstore had to sniff myself to make sure it wasnt me and i dont even smoke 
 time for ah smoke break   the pool was nice .
 free smoke is but album is 
 people of twitter  a question do u smoke outside  or inside
 free smoke of the album is fucking fire
 plz go check out my art on the natural cannabis high art contest sponsored by @juxtapozmag amp plz give mine a  
 is free smoke the only good song on drakes album
 i didnt smoke weed since i was a little kid
 im just tryna smoke 
 throwback to over a year ago when my grandma put weed on her fb bc she thought it was a pretty flower 
 at first i thought this was someones grinder with weed. 
 whos trying to smoke i got money for alc.
 free smoke was good  rest of album over hyped
 bout to take a nice hot shower  smoke then knock the fuckkkkkk out 
 watching the office  waiting for delivery to get here with the weed so i can continue listening to this drake album. morelife
 never thought id get roasted by weedo. holy fuck.
 that one was too exciting and i missed the smoke. greenandgold 32 timbers @ providence park 
 @wearemako smoke filled room livemusic mako toronto @liveinlimbo @ velvet underground 
 the only good songs on drakes album are portland and free smoke.
 very much enjoying my nighttime smoke. 
 i like staying in id do it all the time if i could just chill and smoke
 craig amp smokey heyyyy mrs. parker   mrs. parker hey boys  smokey when you gone let me fuuucckkk mrs. park 
 when the smoke alarm outside of your room is beeping every 30 seconds 
 tryna smoke 
 im tryna smoke sum
 who tryna smoke
 lol the call i got rn to go smoke was so cute  they actually thought about me
 tryna smoke but im out 
 i could sit and smoke for hoursssss 
 my bad  i was attending a kotd event thought it was smoked out  props to all battlers tonight.
 when you just started the drake album and the free smoke beat drops 
 that piano bit at the end of free smoke is wavy
 chevrolet camero extended version holy smoke  chevroletcamero 
 who tryna come smoke
 you tryna smoke
 well i made it home safely thank you lordy ... guess i might as well smoke myself to sleep 
 i smoked the little weed i had left and im ready to be high on this flight
 woke up to the smell of smoke. fire burning up sunshineabove the red rocks on settlers hill. green light is old co 
 @kingmarliedave i was outside having a smoke  throwed a cold shoulder to a door locked  @mikethemiz it was open and i crash landed.she was o
 i smoke weed for breakfast
 just finished a triple ot game of 2k  smoked to celebrate  i go to my kitchen  make hot dogs obviously. theres no ketchup. this is a fallacy
 @mikalawalker id smoke with you
 follow up on our smoke detector call  a tech from the alarm company disconnected the daisy chain 
 @realdonaldtrump where there is smoke  there is fire. intercepted convos exist. will you call that fakenews too  as you continue to lie
 just found out big fire in boulder canyon very smokey here. think we have to cancel  too much smoke to be inhaling etc. no flying also.
 is that why they call it reefer madness 
 whos tryna smoke a zip in the garden supah8
 catino smokes a double down the line and klotz scores. the bluejays now lead 52
 @funder there is a lot of smoke here.  can you make it clear to congress and the american people where the fire is simpleandclear
 i smoke a quarter pound for 800  thats what my shirt cost 
 the beat of free smoke reminds me of the end of forever
 isabella has shitty weed i needa leave
 isabella has shitty weed i need to leave
 enjoying an amazing smoke by @epcarrillo before flying out to new england for the next two weeks  will be doing sal 
 sideshows  in and out   and the strength of weed 
 if i was there id smoke you a brisket but wilco wont let me go. 
 anyone tryna drop some weed off in logan ill give u a lacroix kiwi watermelon
 fiber make you take shits  ganja make you take dumps
 thanks to my brother @docwil i get smoke this @joseblanco809 senorial maduro on this ssas smokethegoodones 
 the fire in boulder this am aerial shot . plenty of smoke but slurry numbers are working hard 
 somebody filled the lake up with smoke this morning. @ lake sammamish 
 forgot how extravagant the feeling was to smoke outside in the morning
 i used to smoke the weed until my fingaz burned
 im at ace high saloon amp smokehouse in south lake tahoe  ca 
 gyalchester not bad but free smoke beat sounds to much alike from one of his old album 
 planes did not always spew trails of smoke behind them...and yes  ive seen them donit and the trail then turn to a 
 furthermore susan  i wouldnt be the least bit surprised to learn that all four of them habitually smoked marijuana cigarettes.  reefers.
 fake ids and marijuana cards
 where is the drake album that free smoke belongs on such a good track and then.....the rest of the album happens.
 @armandoee fuck yeah  free smoke feels like a 2.0 version of tuscan leather great way to open up an album or should i say playlist
 found a bag of weed lookatgod
 @bobtiki the magic smoke  it wanted out.
 im going to finish my capstone and reward myself w marijuana
 if i could marry my weed dude  i would. hes the best
 fire alarm going off here  insert your own obvious joke about lakehead being on fire or smokes or whatever.
 hints of maple syrup but too much smoke for my liking . sundaystou... beer for breakfast  photo
 everybody in my family smoke weed lol. my momma  dad  sister  brother  aunt  grandma  uncle got a weed farm  granddaddy lmao we be high ah.
 tryna smoke
 all my coworkers do is take pics of the weed 
 beer review haiku. smokes hits the nostrils. hearty and sweet but f... shaggin in the highlands 
 waiting to leave this doctors office so i can have a smoke.
 that is fake. the real russian connection is with hrc and podesta for starters. this is trump smoke screen by dnc amp 
 another gorgeous day in kansascity stop by our smoke shop while you are out and about 
 new tag for smokey at @petsmart in winter garden  fl 
 that little caesars smokehouse bangin 
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit whiskey smoke 
 good weedgood drankbig money
 @cagovernment what are the chances ca could use the tax revenue from legalized marijuana sales to fund a singlepayer health care system
 drake done did it again. shit any album you can smoke to is a good album to me 
 free smoke is what we needed
 i just found some weed in my purse lmao omg
 oh hell no i thought i was gonna die once but i survived.. some weed  
 can you recommend anyone for this job smokey bones bar amp fire grill  bartender   hospitality kissimmee  fl
 sheldon cooper did you take a marijuana 
 sheldon cooper did you take a marijuana 
 long term effects of marijuana. or just  the effects of. 
 nice coffee with a hint of smoke  good full body. very nice overall... oatmeal stout 
 fire up mean smoke 
 its sunday  what the fuck are we going to do today if we dont have weed  terin
 the smoke alarms in my house just went off 4 times 
 my notes say this is the smokey test tower at the nts  700 foot tall. 
 bbq charcoal grill 30 side offset smoker wood smokebox outdoor barbecue cooker 
 im at reds smokehouse in tucson  az w @w1donb 
 album is poop but free smoke goes hard
 rooftop blowing smoke and enjoying this sunset 
 i set off the fucking smoke alarm dear god im never cooking again
 on that note...who tryna smoke 
 no joke @fansofku my wife is cooking dinner and the smoke detector went off right after graham hit that 3rockchalk jayhawks
 dinner @ hickory river smokehouse in decatur  il 
 could have sworn i smoked all my blunt in padre but i just found 2 in my bag.   im lit.
 could have sworn i smoked all my blunts in padre but i just found 2 in my bag.  im lit.
 free smoke comes in bangin
 im tryna smoke who got weed i aint tryna drive to the shop rn
 voices plan ahead when addressing weeds 
 voices plan ahead when addressing weeds 
 @speakerryan @repkevinbrady thats going to waste money. in fl less then 2 tested positive mostly for weed. stop wasting money too scare
 the british man at the end of more smoke lt
 @aaliyahnakiso you better take care of smokey jr.
 thought i was trippin off the weed 
 @whiptherapper if you smoke enough to keep your blood thc saturated  yyyyyup 
 bruh fuck that  im rolling this weed me and my up north potna je3zy middle of downtown not 
 whos tryna smoke
 john halgren on colorado a strange cannabis universe
 steve is telling us a story about how he stopped in the middle of having sex to go make a phone call and smoke a doob when he was 20 
 again... nope. no way. mites. fire ants. giant weeds. nope. no way nakedandafraid
 i sometimes rather smoke alone 
 a little more high in my smoke now 
 @imfinnanutb when your mate says he has some weed and vapes 
 so hes tryna get tatted and hes tryna get his cannabis card this foo is going though a midlife crisis 
 got outside today and pulled some weeds..lots of fun for some. .work for others.  lol. 
 @ hemphill isd  lets join the movement  
 i want to marry weed
 csuse there will be weed  lots of it.
 @justdnoes @mmpadellan no climate change  really just wait til all that carbon gets in air from smokestacks. @ 4over earth uninhabitable.
 good article by @allmattnyt  @adamgoldmannyt and @nytmike. a lot of smoke  no fire. 
 who tryna smoke
 weather too nice to smoke inside
 lol @ city of weed in ca 
 fuck yhu mean yhu aint goin marry me you gon marry me or ima smoke yhu  
 hey guys  watch my bag  and make sure nobody steals my medical marijuana
 will someone drop this dude tommy of smokes so he shuts up
 yes  everyone is going to smoke atleast once. id rather my kids smoke with me then smoke with randoms. 
 lets toke some weed
 album of the night. laid back album house music smoke album u ask me 
 when we go to the smoke shop we dont need id @paigepizano 
 fr i was just tryna smoke a blunt but noooo all my s been bullshittin all night smh
 people passin faster than im passin weed
 growing number of americans would rather smoke cannabis than drink beer  
 like you can get tired a bit after you smoke   redbull brings your senses up and will keep you up if the effect lasts more than hr amp half .
 @realdonaldtrump i dont know trump...because there is so much smoke there that its s five alarm fire     
 @realdonaldtrump you are fakenews. where their is smoke  their is 
 tits and weed 
  logo for cannabis for wellness marijuana dispensary growhouse art graphicdesign by 
 still a lot of smoke from the merrittisland fire. this is what the bee line currently looks like going toward coco 
 anytime a nigga hit me on that tip he first disclosure i give is do not try and fuck or touch me. this aint that  waste ya weed on another
 i dont believe anything comey just said  this is total bs russia russia this is a smoke screen clear trum find the leak and prosecute 
 .@tgowdysc has smoke coming out of his nose because americans now know that mike flynn colluded w russia to elect trump 
 looks like @realdonaldtrump has a little smoke tht may turn to an impeachable fire courtesy of putin amp russia   
 @realdonaldtrump it literally proves wickedness amp corruption that u r there to weed out. thank u for exposing the truth to the americans.
 head full of smoke body full of ink ill measure it no more i pour it till its pink
 when all 3 of the smoke alarms are going off  bc mama sera made breakfast  @sealahan
 were 30 mins into joint cmt on marijuana policy hearing  and no mention of child safety or youth prevention mapoli
 @melissajpeltier that is the only thing they have. the smoke alarm is more serious than the fire argument.
 we are coming up on hour 2 of the ma legs first big hearing on tinkering w the marijuana legalization law here. the hearing room is packed
 @mdcolli @marjee123 @peterdaou @tgowdysc he wants to investigate the smoke detector  rather than put out the fire. what filth.
 @ariellec nope just a lot of purple smoke
 @annaibrahi @joyouswarrior @melishous @mjccfa @davidfrum he wants to investigate the smoke detector rather than put out the raging fire.
 im unpacking amp i see a piece of paper thats from tsa saying they searched my bag amp i forgot i had weed  but my weed is still in here
 @foxnews gt  @housedemocrats used venue of testimony to create smoke amp mirrors to deflect us away from @hilaryclinton .  maga
 there is no such thing as smoke with no fire mr.  trump
 @drummike2012 @graceslick77 they want to investigate the smoke detector  rather than put out the raging fire. party over country. filth.
 nope ima smoke it away 
 what im wondering is if loud blck is made w pure cannabis  how can you sell it legally do you just remove the thc 
 all smoke welcomed.
 @verumvulnero1 kokomo but smoke show  yes  @molratty @dettitanup
 watching this is the end with no  marijuanas to induldge in  thats cool and all but ya know...much rather be high as giraffe nuts
 another one @imkrisj will be in alaska june 23rd25th for the alaska hempfest  got some of my 
 he obviously knew about this before today. tweeting this in the middle of the senate hearing is a calculated smoke 
 waiting on my weed maybe itll put me to sleep
 how many americans really believe insurance companies well go out of business because youre fat or smoke or drink you cost too much
 texas if you could just go ahead and make marijuana legal  thatd be cool
 should smoke up before i leave the bay
 you need some weed or something blood itll change ya look on the albums 
 got to take this drug test but i smoked this morning ugghh
 kap to oakland sure but only as a backup. cant lie it sure would be nice to weed all the racists out of the raid 
 on wednesday  there will be an opportunity for you to shape cannabis policy in the city of la. my top priority is e 
 i rather smoke my weed fck it
 @shanemcmahon @wwedanielbryan @johncena @randyorton wwe universe knows cena amp orton are bffs   u all suck go smoke some of ortons weed
 @girlsreallyrule this is a smoke screen. trumps still upset that his daughters hideous clothing line is in discount bins collecting dust.
  on fakenews at techpolicysipa theres a lot of smoke and maybe even some fire. assumption of influence.
 enjoy great smoke to start the week  right @epcarrillo  
 dang i thought portland was my fav song on more life but free smoke 
 both entrances to the store i was gonna go into has smokers outside. they didnt get my business. 
 @donlemon @cnntonight  it was just a smoke screen to get the american people off russia   flynn  sessions  and the list goes on....
  this sounds nice...mmj cannabis medicalmarijuana fourtwenty thc norml  i consider weed a medicine also.
 @clinteastwoodla @realdonaldtrump @potus no worries real americans see through smoke screen no bomb shell @ intel hearing keep going potus
 chilling. what appears to be a burned up smoke detector in front of a fatal west side fire on the 2700 block castle 
 @drearecker i thought you went outside to smoke but you went into your moms room to sleep haha
 @devinnunes you cant see the fire because of the smoke. so where there smoke  their is fire. the trump administration is doomed.
 spear thistle weeds  .... remember these pointy little things growing up weeds wildflowers 
 now up  bob doyle american lung assoc. says we used to say that cigarette smokers needed a place to go.
 this is the most weed unfriendly town in the universe
 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @seanhannity @ap @thehill @whpresscorps comey amp rogers just engaged in a huge smoke amp mirrors disinformation talk
 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @seanhannity @ap @thehill @whpresscorps not one thing comey amp rogers said was transparent truth. obscurity amp smoke
 drake killed free smoke  and for the first song on the album  it totally set the tone for the rest of the album
 im at bootleggers modern american smokehouse in scottsdale  az 
 free smoke is too fire man.
 intense. white fire smoke rising from adjacent neighborhood. fire services appear to be playing 
 little bit of weed fell out of my hair onto my desk at work just now
 if weeding is needed  start over and keep your grounds fertile. out with the old make room for the new.
 im going to sit outside amp smoke today
 got some steps in w a weed walk this morning amp was amazed to find that even in the heat of texas  poa annual will 
 the leaks is smoke  would you not rather find and put out the fire  rather than complain about the smoke maybe its just me  but i would
 can yall believe that weed is legal in our nations capitol but not the rest of....the nation
 dudes always getting high the same time everyday at @winooskivt rez. clockwork reefer madness.
 the wrong side of the issues  and they are winning while we battle with the smokescreen of russia. policies being 
 picking brooklyn from school me you smoke crack today brooklyn nope
 might just smoke alone tonight since im always left hanging
 more than bbq to love. @ 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in longwood  fl  
 screw all the smoke screen... wheres the results
 where there is smoke  there is fire. 
 anyone tryna smoke
 so apparently heb sells hemp soap now 
 @glenpritchard  hey its good weed
 @modsun dude come smoke and make art with us when your in pittsburgh. love to have you over lol 
 somebody pull up me and milly tryna hotbox... well smoke wit you
 winners and losers from the james comey hearing  comey provided the fire to all the smoke on trump collusion wussr
 there is so much smoke around this @realdonaldtrump russia deal i can barely read the screen on my phone.  wait  phone is on 
 @kasparov63 someone in the national park service because of smokey and fear of fire and patriotism
 only gas can be smoke out of a backwood. straight gas. og.
 why are the streets flooded with smoke off santa barbara blvd.
 @antxtarricone one of my uncles was actually in og czw. he didnt take a weed wacker to the chest though haha
 do you even vape @ smoke city in new york  ny 
 you r on fire tonite about russia. how much smoke needed before the fire is seen
 @mercedes0812 well i recently bought half of a clothing company. its called exact science  and i sell art and weed on the side. lol
 @realdonaldtrump maga by releasing taxes and being a president that is transparent leads with integrity  not smoke and mirrors wizardofoz
 @mike07326254 @mannertanner7 your smoked man just drop the convo
 have you seen the movie mazes and monsters tom hanks did the weed drug implied then he thought he was an elf and jumped off the wtc
 duh you thought we was just finna sit up and smoke all day naw i want you poppin ass and throwin shots back 
 legalize weed and pay for my college education with the tax revenue 
 @billkristol @realdonaldtrump  good point where theres smoke theres fire time to burn
 @swordwielder  oh really  now  hmm well they do give that smokey  after smell which reminds me a lot like barbecue
 wassup  you tryna smoke 
 @utefan42 @xxlindexx thats fair. but  where theres smoke theres fire  right benghazi
 why is it so difficult to just leave this damn car alone full av install sure  wheels... nah man  i smoke too much for that.
 ross new album perfect to smoke to...
 @filmprofessor9 @greenpeaches2 dont think melania and donald are that tight  if body language is any indication   smoke screen by trump.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now   a little more higher in my smoke now 
 taxes on marijuana could eventually bring in more than 100 million each year  state revenue officials said today 
 when i change to like smoke after wake up alone bitch i be over my weak ass emotions 
 too much smoke for no fire.. just read the smoke 
 so we got lost at the pinnacles today and found our way back by the smell of weed. legalizethatshit
 who tryna smoke 
 time to head home  start downloading mass effect  eat some grub  n smoke up  life is good..
 im tryna smoke dis last nug but i always get super depressed when i smoke alone
 at first i thought it was smoke  now treason     
 my view of today is that the congressional hearing today was another smokescreen.  republicans have to give the appearance of fair hearings.
 push a bit roll a bit smoke a bit
 holy smokes its raining breakfast amp dinner outside
 id do anything for a @littlecaesars smokehouse pizza right now..
 if indeed you smell smoke  then see smoke  you can reasonably deduct   there is fire. ignorance or lack of courage cannot  extinguish this.
 free smoke alarms are available to our community. @redcross smokealarmssavelives  
 wish i knew people here so i wouldnt have to smokedrink alone .
 thought that was some weed between her legs 
 @joshtpm booze good  weed bad is cultural prejudice without the slightest rational basis.
 meanwhile in colorado cannabis family surge ahead 
 my uncle why is it smokey up here  me 
 i literally thought that was flocka at the end of free smoke 
 trump is under fbi investigation with his russia ties  when theres a smoke  there sure is a fire too 
 yea because if it was me id rather my kids smoke inna house with me rather then get bagged up 
 state revenue officials predicted taxes on marijuana could eventually bring in more than 100 million each year. 
 drakes new album is definitely an album i can smoke to
 i went from being bad always in handcuffs sellin coke and weed to graduating  in college  and ive been travelingcome up is real blessed
 them tabs a mf  i rather smoke
 sure  i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 all weeds need to thrive is some untended ground amp a bit osun anti semitism is more akin to kudzu right conditions amp it takes over 
 @prpltnkr @busycityfilly well theres a small town weed ca which ive stopped in before.   plus being me being a native californian lol
 @coralreefer420 yes  ive wanted to visit the united cannabis ministry for a while now its somewhere in shasta co 
 sittin in front of the ride  drinkin amp smokin some weed  checking out the bitches .. tryna see what i can see
 its so weird having to go outside to  smoke when i can just smoke at my place
 smoke a little weed
 russia compiled flammables  paid amp enticed  pyromaniacs to set us on fire  americans gagging on smoke amp gop want 
 high weeds. a god place to get snake bit
 the dems didnt respond to smoke re russia. they made the story up out of thin air and pieced the narrative togeth 
 @realdonaldtrump continue to seek out arenas where youamp your dwindling supporters can blow smoke up each others asses. were all laughing
 the hammock didnt do a very successful controlled burn and i know this because my house is full of smoke and i cant breathe
 @twylaburger @joeintexas @jonbaxtersays @mattbinder if theres anything shes proven to be good for  its weeding out the lowlifes...
 when does the smoke turn into a forest fire 
 12 you know its time for michigan to legalize and tax marijuana when the economics of a dispensary are great enough to outweigh those
 amp she smoke that fire 
 congratulations smoke 
 this was so fucking scary tbh but we smoked on the way back down and it was  
 whos tryna smoke a few heaters after school
 who not at school and tryna get smoked out 
 lady red say im smoking dat weed  smokin dat fire.                                                me take a puff 
 dude was arrested for a fake  underage booze  amp weed...released... then arrested again for narcotics and underage drinking the next week 
 skippers smokehouse in tampa is a florida classic  so local filmmaker @forrestcanaday decided to tell its story.  
 @theview a smoke screen to divert attention regarding russia
 the good book says  let he who is without sin  throweth the first rock  and i shall smoketh it   tyronebiggums
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in carrollwood  fl 
 its so nice out we decided open the patio and smoke a brisket. lunch  anyone patioseason is here. aircraftbeer 
 i was high happy and full of good ass food in 70 degree weather smoking good ass weed outside in florida..... and n 
 imo msm  liberals using russia as scare tactic 2 further globalization efforts amp take down conservatism  all smoke amp mirrors. americafirst
 rapper ralph fully appreciates free smoke
 looked outside and thought i saw smoke blowing  but nope  its pollen.
 dont need an alarm clock when your roommates set off the smoke detectors 
 side note please come back i smoked mod yesterday bro im dead then a bitch 
 dont understand what ahca  trumpcare does as policy to american healthcare listen to @voxdotcoms the weeds 
 @davidcorndc nope its call smoke screen and slight of hand tada next magic act find peace in the world
 we need to focus on things like immigration reform  obamacare amp tax reform. the rest  incl. wiretapping is smoke amp mirrors @realdonaldtrump
 nothing a little weed amp head cant fix 
 i would rather drink than smoke anyday
 we were running low on enola gaye smoke grenades so we placed this order. this is what 650 
 im pretty sure its a female thing when they smoke lmaoo 
 i used to skip my first class to wash my shirt sometimes cause my grandma and dad smoke so much. i hated smelling l 
 matty has he got enough weed  me no broken phone retching on the floor alone i cant believe that were talking 
 us farmers spend more than 11byr to fight weeds which compete w crops 4 lightwaternutrients nationalagday agday @repdavidrouzer
 sure it was weed  
 the ranges and distribution of weeds amp pests are likely to increase with climatechange. nationalagday agday @repdavidrouzer
 please leave me alone  unless you trynna smoke me out. 
 this one time we had a sleep over at my house and she pulled out a big ziplock bag full of weed hoemygod
 when i was 16 i thought i was oding on marijuana it makes laugh as an adult i was terrified i was gonna have2tel my mother cuz i needed a dr
 my weed photosynthetic
 lmao how are you dumb enough to smoke in the bathrooms in school and set off a whole ass fire alarm 
 i thought i was being paranoid abt showing up for class smelling like weed but my prof made a joke about me smoking today so
 its nice and cool outside so i thought id smoke a bowl only to look inside my can and find all my flower is gone 
 part of me wants to travel to the west coast because nice weather and legal weed. but then i remember that its filled with liberals 
 i have a sausage in my trunk. by that i mean i went to the store to buy a smoked sausage for a crockpot recipe and its in my car trunk.
 if anyone wants to come to smokey row later im sure ill need a dinner break 
 im tryna smoke amp cuddlee
 love when my coworkers smoke me out
 @realdonaldtrump @hillaryclinton @sensanders legalize weed  and tax it revenue raised could fund universal healthcare nextproblemplease
 im at uncle mikes smokehouse grill in plant city  fl 
 @breitbartnews there goes the weed business.  as much as he used  itll bust now.
 dont forget march 30 cannabis industry networking event at my office  430 pm.
 tyler pagenstecher  at 18 was found with 3 million worth of marijuana  sentenced to 6 months in juvie  pretty fin 
 i hate when kalei makes me come outside to smoke a cigarette. 
 nice full weed jar
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now sure i stay til theyre all long gone and i take the long way home
 brought a kitchen chair outside cause i dont wanna stand and smoke 
 the very fact that sean spicer rushed out to disown paul manafourt is a pretty good indication this smoke comes from a real fire.
 saint laurent amp smokes @ new york  new york 
 its only tuesday and i have somehow managed to make the kitchen smokey for the third time
 post dinner cocktails. with smoke. @ the bottle shop 
 @mattylawrence @maloj @dan315 einstein didnt figure anything out what do you smoke matty
 enola gaye smoke grenades now available in black smoke  yyj victoria black smoke grenade @ 
 i wish i knew regular math as well as i do weed math. yes  theres a difference. 
 look who we found @ midwood smokehouse 
 a fat backwood  is a stoners backwood smoke right  
 tryna smoke
 @itsmochaaaaa no dammit. yall tryna smoke
 who tryna smoke  
 i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 kissing my baby back ribs w some jack daniels smoke.... @ renes smokehouse 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 planned parenthood quit trying to push your view upon rep mike coffmans supporters in colorado to push your smoke screen for funding.
 layer of smoke covers my street from the aftermath of that fire.
 i was going to follow that with how could you not want to take care of your body  its the only one you have buuuut i smoke so 
 thats my favorite uncle on occasion  he smoke crack cocaine
 lordy here go hinesville and this bs weed
 when i smoke a fat j hahaha 
 little more high in my smoke now 
 quick how should i waste the last of mu weed
 i was pissed till i found out the smoke shops still sell em 
 i want that smokehouse pizza from little caesars...
 vapes yezzir stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 vape accessories yep stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 @redeemrevive  id rather lose it all  me in smoke 
 they was about to smoke anything steady tryna trap us 
 @usatoday it appears that woody and usa today are the new authority that now counters all science on cannabis and its effectsand application
 who tryna smoke with me
 boutta smoke and watch peanut slap niggas with the .38 for the rest of the night
 i dont smoke weed now but id change for this  
 britt left her weed socks on the side of the bed. they mine now.
 the scary smoker reminds me of maritza  
 we just sittin here tryna win  tryna not to sin  high off weed and lost of gin  so much smoke need oxygen  steadily countin them benjamins.
 who tryna smoke
 im tryna smoke ampamp fck 
 colbert if sessions decides to partake of marijuana  he should go to goodwill. 3 lbs was recently donated in a cooler  street value of 24k
 need a weed connect preferably on side side of town sos
 when you are home alone amp the smoke detector goes off so loud it scares the shit out of you so you almost slip amp die in the shower. 
 @therealmrb @sisyphusingp i dont either  but there sure seems to be a lot of smoke.  id be surprised if there wasnt any fire...
 jack daniels smoked baby back ribs.... dinner is ready  @ renes smokehouse 
 jack daniels smoked baby back ribs.... dinner is ready  @ renes smokehouse 
 .@justintrudeau thought i was promised weed in every store we still doing that or nawh
 80 times trump talked about putin  they must love each others egos. where there is smoke there is fire
 shirts you know it stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 official genius stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 jihhh tryna smoke a l one time tho 
 @akamaggieak @marlnfreaktrick @0xkruzr @helloamanda dont move east. everyone come to denver. we have legal weed  good beer  and sunshine.
 @akamaggieak @marlnfreaktrick @0xkruzr @helloamanda uhhhh...right here saying hey  we have legal weed and good beer
 silicone bongs ofcourse stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 who tryna smoke
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 @julietselassie you tryna smoke mine 
 went outside to smoke and realized i prolly dont even need to smoke just needed to chill outside
 im so tryna smoke with these long ass nails 
 none of my friends up to smoke with me 
 there is so much smoke here that well all die of asphyxiation before we find the fire... 
 all i ever needed was money and weed 
 i met a girl tonight in the drive through  offered me weed  gave me her number  and also a 50 off member card thing for abc liquor 
 id rather smoke weed then get drunk but unfortunately thats not how the federal government goes nor do they understand
 lmao me and my housemate just spent a good 5 mins expecting a nug of weed on my bed bc we thought it was a bed bug
 im in leavenworth with my friends. enjoying the weed  food  wine and good company. spend money while im gone please. leavenworths pricey
 @sonnyturtles no but definitley ah stoner  whys he smoke chod
 mannnn smoke and this singing 
 one big thing opponents of marijuana warned about is not happening via the associated press 
 @deemoetrill i be tryna do this  but that smoke and steam and my hairlmaoooo.
 @dustingiebel @davebernstein best news ever. well for today at least. were heading out of smoke into the fiinge fires. who will flip first
 my neighbors smoke detector has been going off since 2 am  so she turned on a white noise machine and let the rest of us suffer 
 yes im a ganja planter  call me di ganja farmer  deep down inna di earth where me put di ganja  babylon come and light it up on fire
 where theres smoke  theres fire 
 i wonder when my trump acquaintances are finally gonna admit...ok we may have fucked up  how much smoke is needed 
 i smoke a whole p of that og
 remember in wolf of wall st when son found them old drugs  i think the weed man found some old sour
 whats cooler than weed 
 so much smoke well die from asphyxiation before we find the fire....  
 when the weed hit you outta no where 
 when you get to az and the weather is so much better and the weed is so much stronger. 
 where there is smoke  there is fire. 
 @thelcjuicyj id say that free smoke or gyalchester is my fave  theyre all so good
 how much milk could a milkweed chuck if a milkweed could chuck weed
  seima is japanese hemp fiber which is used for a purification ceremony and festival of 
 the little lung was the non smoker 
 was tryna smoke on my patio but its bumble bees outside amp im terrified
 why in the world would i smoke an american spirit baby blue pack
 ugh having weed but no rillos gtgtgt
 note to self. dont forget to leave the weed in the car next time 
 which is why you smoke it for breakfast  
 @tomsangiorgio @mattconniff portland  passionfruit  free smoke  a few choice others. other than that meh
 when someone wants equal time for the pot smokers perspective on a high when driving story 
 i need to leave weed alone 
 whos tryna have a smoke off today
 pretty sure my boss is smoking weed rn
 when you ask your dad if he has a little bit of weed he can give you and he gives you 11 grams 
 at first i thought all this russia stuff was just people trying to make a story out of nothing  but theres too much smoke without fire
 @d16twitt3r i agree with you theres a fire behind his smoke screen
 and sure enough  where theres smoke  theres fire.
 holy smokes the full version of sadistic romantic may have just bumped it up to one of my fave songs in ichu
 dad said well go ina bit   lemme finish watching gun smoke .
 i never thought i would be a full time smoker  now i smoke everyday 
 protani smokes a triple through the left field gap  lichtner scores from 1st  10 magic
 this smoke is just great for my allergies 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now. 
 @tmksespn how great a shape was mike and his competition in when he could drink  amp smoke cigars until 2 in the morning and score 50 next day
 @realdonaldtrump   another shiny object smoke screen  fakenews fakepresident 
 media panning awful new liberal tax and spend budget. more taxes on booze  smokes. new uber tax.  cdnpoli cpc
 prime rib sammich  no horseradish please @ 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter garden  fl 
 need this shit for when we smoke outside in the winter smh 
 who tryna smoke some amp go grab some dinner
 @ricindylou at first i thought it was just dem backlash over benghazi  but now theres just too much smoke not to have a fire. @rmasher2
 we want all the smoke ya dead patna get smoked we lookin for boat
 @reeseeboitrk |  weed @ new york  new york 
 @foxnews @realdonaldtrump as i said last week  where theres smoke  theres fire trump is not a liar  but a genius dickhead liberals
 the sunlight makes the sea smoke glow at spring point ledge light. it was about 20 degrees out 
 damnit did drake diss cudi again in free smoke and i let it go over my head
 backwoods waste weed 2k17
 trump amp his team are creating smoke screens everywhere gaslighting amuck trumprussia repealandreplace 
 idgaf if trump was incidentally surveilled  its all smoke screens to distract from his shady dealings.   buhleevdat
 @alechodges7 smokes one into left and scores @twhitee3. red dragons extend the lead. 31 bottom 6 sahsbase wvprepbase letsgo 
 its not a good meal  unless the smoke alarm goes off in your house
 trump supporters are going to feel the hurt when they lose theyre healthcare amp medicaid. the nunes thing is a smoke screen.
 @arielhelwani has ufc thought about changing its stance on marijuana or is it more complicated than that
 @crapgame13 list so far  hash house a go go  the coop  ethos vegan kitchen  junior colombian burger  4 rivers smokehouse  bloodhound brew
 holy smokes what a winter crappie fishing 
 the current state of the marijuana grow law in colorado does not respect the property rights of neighbors  concludes realtors rep
 @tytlive i swear the @tytlizard just looked into camera and spoke to me that or this is some goodass weed tytlive at 420
 fanning the smokeless fire in @nerdswhogetlaids review of @simonoliver01s hellblazer 8  
 @mmflint   seems like yet another smoke screen to hide the  russia issue which is a million times more important
 @devinnunes did today what comey did w hc fake emails... there is nothing there just smoke screens to avoid 
 kirby hocutt walks through the smoke from a fire at the texas tech sports performance center construction site. 
 i didnt take a before picture but imagine this area completely overrun with dead plants  weeds 
 @wagerfailure @mernahuana were socialist when it comes to healthcare  at least we were until medical weed.
 michelle walker sighting new york  new york smoke 
 getting our hemp on at hempfestcentral diy @ hempfest central 
 @psychoticrudje weed legal without all the tax and government interference
 @bigbendown @barstoolbigcat klay got arrested for weed possession in college so your source is fakenews
 come get some gear. stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 death before dishonor vol. 1 by smokey mane album  memphis rap reviews  ratings  song list  rate your music 
 so much smoke. wheres the fire
 whitecreekfire at the linville gorge saw a huge increase in smoke today. just look at this photo from christopher 
 im just tryna smoke some good weed amp chill
 last thing i smoked was skywalker og... pretty good 
 waiting for 600 so i can go on my smoke break dinner
 the whole thing with trump and russia smells. where there is smoke there is certainly fire. we need independent investigation.
 take my weed and go on ahead about my bizzness 
 @ogona  i was tryna smoke witcha
 agree. all smoke and no real fire so far. 
 enjoying an angry kitty ipa by sanctuary brewing at hempfest. brewpon craftbeer hempfest  @sanctuarybeer 
 hemp scorpion for my rear view mirror diy hempfestcentral @ hempfest central 
 denying anyone free access to cannabis is a human rights violation and act of torture towards those who require the substance medicinally.
 where theres smoke theres fire 
 where theres smoke theres fire  where theres fire someone please call the damn fire department what is going o 
 @lilrel175 durban poison  granddaddy purp  silver haze  cherry og  blackberry kush lifesaverblunts stonershit nocandyjustweed
 see all the connections to russia. too much smoke 
 if im bringing rellos to yo house so we can smoke i need you to use yours and the ones i brought not just one of yours and keep mines 
 a little more weed is a little more love
 @super70ssports wonder if jim leyland is going to sneak a smoke tonite 
 my oven started on fire and the smoke alarms didnt even go off
 i wouldnt smoke this hoe  worse than a backwood 
 i used to sell weed and coke off a pager. 
 a smoke out would be nice
 too cold to smoke 
 smoke some weed outside tonight  homies
 honestly  no one gives a fuck if you smoke all the time. congratulations
 god fearin  dip spittin  cig chuffin  weed blazin son of a bucc the james kelly fitzpatrick story
 i want to smoke but its so fucking windy and cold outside.
 @kenthaines its also about their attitudes toward math. we dont want to send the message that theyre weeded out of math at age 11.
 when he run his mouth..  me  id rather smoke.
 i tried the jerkin aint dead challenge and almost passed out. i didnt smoke or drink this much in middle school. im passed my prime.
 @amyewalter  here is all ya need for your russia investigation. the noise is a smokescreen for this. thought you we 
 all america needed was jimmy smokes.
 @iamfent a lot of the people i chill with smoke and i just cant. i hate going outside with them.
 leave the weed out  
 thats my word id smoke donald trump and happily do the time for it..
 im just tryna run sum butt cheeks and smoke a backwood dasss alll
 any body know a weed delivery number
 never thought id be the one i smoke  but the stress is at a all time high.
 also remember all democrats are not far left nut jobs.  weed those out  but we need to learn to work together
 welcome to spokane  wa we are known for our suppar clock tower  the expo 74 tent thing  marijuana  and winters that literally never end
 texas weed is booty
 take a drink take a smoke take whatever to make you cope to get a plays well with others on your report card
 backwood but no weed
 remember when you thought smokey was a boy 
 the dripped free smoke in the club ... take notes 
 still mrs. smokea lotofpot 
 307 hemphill st  texas city  tx 77591  0 1 bath 
 well talk marijuana legalization  healthcare  education  russia amp more.  @ abraham 
 where theres smoke theres fire. 
 @maripuerta @thedailybeast just another major issue lost in agent oranges smoke and mirrors show
 tucson fire tell me the majority of the house fires they respond to dont have working smoke alarms. this one is a 
 when theres smoke  theres fire.
 if ratheryouthanme album was weed ita be indica
 someone has been weed walking right outside my window since 730am and im about to go outside and throw some hands
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  little more high in my smoke now
 when there was a tornado but we said fuck it amp went outside to smoke anyways  
 @nolimitleach150 @ryanbrennan1  bruh never smoked k2 in my life tht some real fu shit
 @4freeukraine @washingtonpost nunescoverup doing liarandcheif bidding  smoke screen russiagate putin taking care of russian citizens
 @thehill where there is smoke  there is fire  we have bellows of smoke impeach trump now
 man flown to augusta burn center after house fire this morning. firefighters found him unconscious inside smokefil 
 update theyve found like at least 5 bricks of weed and coke. were not going anywhere. 
 @murrayssturgeon trip advisor reviews gold medal smoked fishbest smoked fish in the city a relic still excell 
 in cas nascent pot market  @sonomacannabis provides patrons an option to dine with weed amp wine. entrepreneur 
 @elizabethb1976 theres a few. see @trumpregrets  it can be rather entertaining. one guy thought cheato would legalize weed @ohnoshetwitnt
 the grass grows greener on the side you water  mow and weed. why watch others succeed when you could be putting in the same work as them
 leave it to wse to have someone cause a whole fucking fire drill for vaping in the bathroom amp setting the smoke alarm off
 tommy you should visit bend or and stop by the herb and tell the owners that glenn  magic man from seattle hempfest sent you they know me
 id eat her and smoke that 
 one day id like weed homie to tell me  i got loud its not super fire but it will get u high he always has fire but id pay extra off gp
 penthouse smokin weed outside alike bruhman
 where there is smoke you will usually find fire. lies upon lies and i cannot be the only one who sees this
 sure ill take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 colorado takes aim at the marijuana black market  
 @kpshare still no to medical cannabis because the feds will lock up doctors. testosterone replacement therapy yes but it will cost you.
 tatuaje event going on 1 week from today..march 30th 610pm. @ smoke inn wellington 
 these dumb dick feds tryna take lives for weed but people like brock turner are free lol 
 doing my hair but this smokebreak was much needed 
 id rather be smoking weed...
 guidance counselor what do you want for a career  me to smoke cigarettes outside of a office building   gc perfect.   me good.
 @sjsopio pretty sure the car i was riding behind was smoking so much weed  i could smell it through my air filter.
 @realdonaldtrump where theres smoke theres fire might be an imperfect truism  but where theres smoke  theres something investigate.
  love you uncle joe  that smell of smoke is ready to ignite into fire treason 
 @foxnews @potus a health plan wo any obamacare in it would be great when weeding your garden you dont leave the roots and cut off stems
 sun is shining. got cold brew in one handampjamaican food in the other feelin perfect and didnt even smoke my morning blunt yet. godissogood
 @babymegan @dizzymilez so the guy selling weed was a good salesman 
 at this point  id take vermont law over albany just so i can be a weed lawyer
 @misspepita my american mother in law is real nice  just smokes weed everyday. my british parents have never given me even one weed go usa
 shout out to all the pot heads that voted trudeau because yall thought he was going to legalize weed quick  playyyyeeed
 colorado takes aim at the marijuana black market  cannabis via @entrepreneur 
 so sad. chance to say fu to obama by repealing his aca on the anniversary goes up in smoke  repealandreplace @realdonaldtrump
 this weeks @csgazette dining review colorado smokehouse  tiny in size  big in smoked meaty taste 
 tryna smoke
 if you smoked  id ask you how high you were  
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in orlando  fl 
 smoke a little weed also  
 pussies always wannuh put out this fire like imuh wild1while theyre smokey the bearwho else would i eat it4like its gnocchicartier
 you tryna smoke 
 so beautiful outside to smoke in this weather
 once again for the ones that smoke weed  take a bath before you leave the house you stink 
 my weed man blocked my number. is this a joke lmao
 smoking weed is just a bit to me @edgarallanpoo
 tryna find a new job but also tryna smoke you feel 
 i have to stop singing my hair when i smoke
 int dungeon  smokepurp sips lean through a backwood as lil pump takes a first grade spelling test  the soundtrack is the naruto theme song
 more smoke. just wait for the fire 
 i thought wed have flying cars and shit in the future  but its 2017 and all we have is an allergy warnings on weed.
 these 2 rebels with no home training are blazin weed at a bus stop...
 @jaclynnmoskow waste of weed
 what happens when @umichbball is playing i forget u have something on the stove amp smoke in the apartment causes fire alarms to go off 
 what happens when @umichbball is playing u forget u have something on the stove amp smoke in the apartment causes fire alarms to go off 
 asses of fire the baileys smokehouse story
 just tryna smoke a blunt feel so good outside
 smelling weed 247 knowing i cant smoke none
 me you good or you tryna smoke some more    her 
 tonights sunset is overshadowed by the smoke from the fire in 
 im tryna smoke with you when i get to la for the first time.
 so apparently its perfectly acceptable to smoke a joint on the property my job is at  but i cant smoke a cigarette
 just found out my 13 year old niece smokes weed on the reg 
 @willienelsonn the weed did me
 rae this song makes me want to darty  erik ally you smoke cigsno sister of mine is going to smoke cigs.    help.
 if i could get a w2 back for all the weed i then bought ... bitchh id b gettn them racks back for taxes .
 i never really smoke wings on my smoker but tonight i tried it and honestly id rather have mine 
 id rather smoke a blunt before i argue with you
 yeah  well im sure id be thinner too if i had a script to adderall and chain smoked cigs
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now 
 who tryna smoke w me
 rest up uncle smoke 
 when j smokes a little to much 
 @cooperhawke regardless  ive had the same thoughts about lord dampnut. this is all smoke and mirrors  and hes still winning.
 id rather be ya nigga so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
 @dougjones0582 @foxnews @repkinzinger illegal immigration is a massive smoke screen. it could be stopped  but many parties dont want that.
 @stevedimeglio hey steve  it was nice talking with you this morning on the driving range during your smoke break. i appreciate the time.
 they need to make a smoke detector that doesnt get set off by steam.
 @revjwalker @msnbc where theres a lot of smoke  but  no fire
 i was delivering weed to this girls house and she showed me her tits
 who wanna take me 2 get some moneygas in ur kar and we kan smoke
 lanie always tryna make me smoke when she knows i quit 
 every weed shop 
 who tryna smoke 
 i like it  rs have blown smoke for 8 yrs. trump was sent there to get something done. rs wanna play around  leave hc alone and move on.
 bet i thought i was gone smoke
 this is not smoke. this is fire. 
 i thought this was weed when i first saw it 
 bet yall thought it was weed  edibles @ torrance  california 
 if gop claims theres smoke wo fire.  alert fire. theres fire.  please read and tweet and retweet.   
 freaky sextoys yes maam stsmokeshop stsmokeshopwinrock @ st smoke shop 
 big sean wants no smoke with kendrick. none. not at all.
 spm im damned if i do and damned if i dont me holla fuck the world with my chest full of smoke 
 naw id be a better athlete if i had my attitude right weed had nothing to do with my athletic ability personally 
 who tryna smoke 
 seuconfessions once when i was an ra i thought i smelled weed.  turns out  it was pepperoni pizza and i didnt know what weed smells like.
 @natuhhliee im just saying id rather my money go to keeping a murder off the streets then a drug dealer who got caught selling weed haha
 this weed take a real big effect on how chill i am
 i just smoked a backwood and im not even high 
 i have to eatbe full before i smoke.
 worlds first marijuana gym is in where else california  via @usatoday  only in california.
 i was just tryna smoke but i give up 
 literally going back to the store just to smoke out jeni amp brian lmao. at least i took a 5hr nap when i got home 
 i remember when i got to smoke my first backwood with @xavierwulf  nicely rolled by him too 
 whos tryna smoke 
 the viva cannabis team  will be at all 3 herbery stores  today  4pm7pm they are releasing 
 it could all be so simple  but the weed men rather make it hard.
 have been wondering the why behind russia thing. this makes sense. whole lotta smoke here... 
 hpd viceampnarco raid super deli on new britain ave. they find more than cold cuts. coke  12lbs weed  oxys  viagr 
 @marieharf  is a smoke screen for 0bama much like susan rice... @foxnews has no business having her on. @petehegseth @ainsleyearhardt
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more smoke in my high now 
 shes got hazel eyes and a wild side lighting up the room with her smokey little smile 
 @jolenciaa smoke one  grabbaspliff backwood nodutches 
 where theres smoke  theres fire. 
 had a dream that people were trying to take all my weed and i was in a car chase
 into the fire black skies filled with smoke darker horizons ahead
 at 8 am today a male acquaintance asked me if i wanted to smoke cactus w him. he then pulled out a canvas bag w a literal image of a 
 cig smoke makes me sneeze 
 this is the 2nd deadly fire in less than a week. tfd says both houses didnt have working smoke alarms tucson 
 @ransteez yo you still tryna smoke today
 it takes a fire to have smoke.
 didyouknow our hemphill water treatment plant was built in 1893
 wow  @oldmanduke great advice. we  here in the us will start weeding our gardens too 
 chicago legislators say recreational weed could generate 699 million in revenue for illinois 
 my story similar to anakin skywalker  now i just smoke it off
 @speakerryan was in on decision to report  intell to @potus fakenews from @whitehouse more rogue smoke screens. in 
 bday at midnight so im going crazy in mansion tonight. 7bottles minimum amp smoke one for my brother. issablackout
 this song is pretty nice  free smoke
 what im hearing is the gop doesnt have the votes to pass acha but putting up a smoke screen that they do while they scramble.
 senate health committee passed medical cannabis bill 65. we have a long way to go but thats progress
 holy smokes our 24th nation  ireland and the team from ballinteer community school signed up to take on @cleantechcomp 2017
 them bitches that take pictures and snaps of every little bit of weed and lil blunt they got you could tell they just started 
 aim that smoke at me so i could aim that same cigarette straight into your eyeball
 we can never run outta weed or money
 @harrysiegel @tjenningsbrown   fake news trying to blow smoke screens. shameful no one believes fake news and no one trust our gov leaders
 where theres smoke theres fire  where theres smoke and no fire theres the msm or a liberal 
 tryna chase that weed high
 trust in the green plant thus spake johnny reefercake rice paper bible haiku @majorityfm @jimmyreefercake  good jo 
 @mrnice90992655 nice having a weed friend d
 @nathanhulickcpa @snowflakeswon way to much smoke for there not to have been a fire
 i need to find a smoke shop
 little something to take the edge off pumpkey as he pretends to smoke a pretzel stick after a close game of call of duty world at war.
 its so nice outside someone come smoke me out
 @foxnews @presssec  hear there is hoopala about medicaid there are those who receive who are smokers and alcoholics those two items cost
 dammm smoke a little  chilllll
 @detcookieman74 yes i remember juniorw. stevie  smokey  marthavandellas  little eva  marvin gaye. wow  just so many remarkable talents.
 the smoke of the fire was dragonflies and the sparks of flame faded into stars.
 ..furth more susan i wouldnt be the least bit surprised to learn that all four of them habitually smoked marijuana cigarettes..
 the smoke of the fire was dragonflies and the sparks of flame faded into stardust.
 og gas bag all i smoke is pressure
 @cnn will the story from cnnampmsnbc be trump  ordered the hits or puty putin is a busy guy get ready for more smoke  blown up your asses.
 ld708 enroll an act to use taxes on nonmedical marijuana and increase the tax on cigarettes to partially offset... 
 guy who saw me smoking weed take my number amp hit me if you need tree. me k him actually  take my girls number  she the plug.    yes
 congrats to the winning schools from @cdphes pwnchallenge  a youth empowerment amp marijuana prevention program we 
 my lawn full of weed 4 trayvon
 backwood full of designer weed
 ioneven smoke but im tryna get up there w lil sosa nem  god rest his soul
 thats a waste of weed 
 you coulda left the weed outta this 
 get your american made duggie tall skinny locking dugout at cirrus smoke shop. bat included 
 4.0 gpa  8 hrs of sleep  full ride scholarship  money  obama for prez  equal rights  weed lol 
 also pepsi trumps coke. put that in your pipe amp smoke it. 
 trumpcare was defeated without any help from russia. it was the power of the people. put that in your pipe @realdonaldtrump and smoke it.
 how many blunts are hillz  pelosi  warren  uncle joe  and the obamas going to smoke tonight
 my 69 year old grandma has never had any alcohol or drugs in her life and today in colorado she bought some marijuana
 my grandma said everyones who has stayed in the room im in now has been choked by a ghost but me haha fuck boy aint want no smoke
 my uncle jim just said he has herbspalsey... he gets sick when runs outta weed
 im tryna smoke .. like right now.
 i was a single mom ampi made sure i didnt blow my mime on weed shoes or nails but her educationwhich was paid for by me not entitlement
 they see the fall of the trump machine through the smoke screen of bravado 
 back to where we can smoke outside again
 about to try little cesars smoke house pizza 
 thefive  i hope no one has forgotten obamas admin. surveillance of trump. schiff is trying to put up smoke screens
 zhang yixing probably grows weed in the backyard  deals everyones weed never not high can i offer anyone some 
 thats my favorite uncle  on occasion he smoke crackcocaine
 i cant buy any backwoods with my south carolina id. im tryna figure out why they think id make a fake id to smoke weed imma grown ass man
 @winterkitten how many marijuanas did you take
 @leafbyoscar maduro gordo always a good smoke. @ovcigars cigars purocigar @cigarsmoke 
 been studying upon cannabis oils. suppose he help with arthritis 
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in jacksonville  fl 
 223a baseball central 6  hemphill 0. wessten mccarver 3hit complete game shutout on just 49 pitches. game was 1 hour  23 minutes.
 i left weed in my grandmas car oops
 jut picked up a little caesars smokehouse pizza  official review to follow.
 @codexentry the weed number  nice
 sorry for all the smoke in boone yall. turns out i did leave the stove on
 stsmokeshopwinrock stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 i decided to prove that cannabis heals. the universityofwashington agreed. i take this with me. 
 i pull a tall stalk. instant gratification. that weeding is done.  gardening haiku 
 i remember that smoke. 60s for sure 
 me and owen attard 6yrs old oakville  ont.... throwing some smoke at the @bluejays corp sponsor clinic in dunedin 
 id dead slap the shit out of you if you ask me are you trying to smoke hookah
 im tryna smoke
 @juliawb i dont blame them. it sucks when you buy into an impossible narrative fully committed amp it turns out to be smoke amp mirrors...
 @directordom i aint tryna smoke in a bathroom 
 @amburr32 pops left me the house and went to the bar.. want me to go get rellos and i can come smoke his weed with me  
 just smoked weed in georgia
 only two things have survived the ten years i have lived in this house. my @vermontcastings grill and @echousa weedeater. movingonup
 today i get hit up to smoke and hang but ofcourse it was followed by a favor
 chico fire is joining @redcross tomorrow installing free smoke alarms in east chico. @chicostate students will be doing the installation.
 they need to decriminalize marijuana soon cuz the parking situation at the clinic i frequent is ridiculous
 my first thought was why does this dick cake have weed and bears on it 
 .@anrsmokefree time to get those weed smokers 2 switch to vaping it. weedgood. vape baaaad somethings wrong with you tobacco activists
 stash box fail goodwill finds pounds of marijuana in donated cooler...  cannabis
 fuck smoking wit a group i rather smoke alone
 so bizarre being in a state where the head of security says if youre gonna smoke weed make sure you do it outside
 anyone tryna smoke
 @sdmike @declan hes looking for small animals to smoke on his grill
 @barrelshifter holy smokes that is monumental  it seems super rare for people to improve form and increase weight  so for real 
 went to smoke a blunt outside and ended up in the hot tub
 booker is klay before klay tried weed for the 1st time 
 my trend of thought is not trending well at the moment... must b da weed 
 not tryna smoke this blunt alone
 sure  i take more jack in my coke now. a little more high in my smoke now.
 anyone tryna smoke after bars
 just tryna smoke my weed and be successful
 i thought ur chest hair was a weed tattoo 
 having so much fun here had the most amazing dinner also smoked salem penne  
 i thought it was normal that my grandma smokes and even grows weed in her house but none of my friends grandma is like that lmao 
 as @mcfaul you are an expert should i prepare to live in russerica or is this russia thing just a lot of smoke but no fire
 anyone tryna smoke
 whos tryna smoke
 @dr0girl dont know what i would be doing to take the edge off if there was no weed...
 if mfers are purging electronic devices because they think theyre going to be subpoenaed the russia smoke comes from fire. maddow
 bust a nut smoke a blunt
 and hes quick with a joke  or to light up your smoke  but theres somewhere that hed rather be.
 i was going through all my drawers randomly and i found weed that i forgot that i put in one of them score 
 introduced in february  hr 899 seeks to terminate the us dept of education. missed it behind smoke and mirrors 
 theres smoke in the hotel and hailey tells the worker if theres a fire let it burn a little so we have to evacuate
 you sure joakimnoah did not get busted for smoking weed. what ever performance enhancing drugs he used sure did no 
 im tryna go smoke at the big rock frfr
 @teamcavuto please quash discussion of russia. its only a smoke screen for bho. comey is a liar amp should b fired.
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smoke  goodgirl badboy floridageorgialine
 @1realvalee  went to miami and hit story my bitch on a og gas diet  just weed no meat ooh ooh0
 @600breezy version of free smoke goes in
 a little bit of smoke and a whole lot of wine  hungover
 going to plug the king weedy mansion if i can  
 im at @zuckersbagels amp smoked fish in new york  ny 
 i hate being sick  allergy season sucks. plus the smoke from the linville gorge fires aint helping it either. i need a allergy free zone.
 attacks happening around the world. yet  trump sacrifices the usa 2 hide his deal wputin by using smoke screens 2 deflect from the truth
 coffee shop  smoke shop  texas drivin 
 installation smoke detectors for free via american red cross @ st. adrian 
 installation smoke detectors for free via american red cross @ st. adrian 
 mansplaining its so pervasive  like an unstoppable weed that takes over your garden.  via @teenvogue
 spent all my cash on a broken dream  went from weed and liquor to the coke and lean
 gurkha cellar reserve 15 year maduro. prefect draw. mellow aged smoke. @gurkhacigars cigars purocigar @cigarsmoke 
 camelot high school students are volunteering to install smoke alarms in their neighborhood with the redcross. gre 
 about to smoke a blunt and make some breakfast 
 and furthermore susan i wouldnt be the least bit surprised to learn that all four of them habitually smoked marijuana cigarettes....reefers
 me if you try smoking up my little cousin i will kill you. derek i... willllll... smokewithhimifhebringsitup.  honesty is the best policy.
 whos tryna smoke
 this rainy winter means more weeds to pull before least tern nesting season. glad the @sdge team came out in force 
 omc is super excited that we can offer the worlds leading and most trusted cbd brand charlottes web hemp oil at the lowest price available
 wildfire smoke outside  so i had to do this inside. was getting bored on the 9lapstoamile 
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit whiskey smoke 
 isss fuckin nice out who tryna chill smoke some loud u feel me
 southwest cannabis conf  expo fort worth may be freakier than i realized. april 22 amp 23 cannabis 
 antifa sets fires  throws smoke bombs to attack lawful trump rally 
 @ingrahamangle djt is exceedingly shrewd.we just witnessed the greatest  smoke and mirror trick in politics  libtards are scratching head
 regular cannabis use associated with lower bmi  no adverse effect on bone density  via @mjheadlinenews
 @ritachmielceo @jamesfl48101591 @hillaryclinton here we go. russia russia russia. total dem smokescreen garbage. a big nothingburger.
 always a good time in otayranch chulavista  @ bubbas smokehouse in chula vista  ca 
 id rather smoke a port than eat a peep
 partnership with @chicostate  @redcross and chico fire led to the installation of over 100 free smoke alarms in chi 
 if you need a smoke alarm in your house and would like to participate in the home fire campaign  call 530 897340 
 @daddydoo2112 it is never ending wthem. rally in philly they throw smoke bombs  hubby says we shd take fire crakers scare shit out of them.
 big pharma being paid back by jeffsessions and repubs prob why dea is going after legal weed in ca  co etc. 
 @uthmanmcleod2 oh true i was tryna smoke
 @atheistrepublic yes  and could you imagine the tax revenue the same of you legalize weed everywhere.
 im just tryna smoke n do something a lil nasty in this weather
 tries to keep warm by starting a fire in the fireplace...has to stand in the cold while the fire department clears the smoke from the house
 just want to smoke a blunt and have a little fun 
 i agree. russia is a smoke screen. 
 ive yet to find a better bbq place @4rsmokehouse @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
  @ silver star smokehouse amp saloon texarkana 
 when you smoked too much and read this as a great american  kurt cobain.. 
 bri and i bought weed to take but we lost it of left it on my car
 bri and i bought weed to take but we lost it of left it in my car
 severe smoke outside the arbuckles pray for those being affected by the wild fires
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 im just tryna smoke a bowl but theres these little ass flies who literally wont stop bugging 
 i just found an 8th of weed outside the shop when i was walking home haha im so lucky 
 who tf drops an 8th of weed outside the shop and doesnt notice
 perfect tree  cannabis  roots amp chalice version for the first time live in humboldt. respect @eesahmusic. 
 where are you from colorado everyone in texas oh shiiiiitttt you must smoke a lot of weed
 you tryna smoke 
 who smokes in the day cass omg its so scary those trucks would be flying and one time i thought i was in space ship
 free smoke @ poughkeepsie  new york 
 behind the house fences on my block theres just a weedy wasteland that leads into a train track.  decided to build 
 how i felt when i put on mike sherm and smokepurpp for my texas friends  
 the city smells like weed at every corner mtl
 xrated film streamed through turkish citys loudspeakers video   islam needs little porn amp weed to chill out  
 im tryna fucking smoke
 this is why id rather smoke than drink
 @sportsnsuds i would still smoke mine tho
 hello old friends. salvagebbq kingmemphisrockabilly @ salvage bbq amp smokehouse 
 i remember momma mad at me she found out i was smokin weed
 take the weed and leave the money.
 id rather smoke than drink
  @ old crow smokehouse in huntington beach  calif 
 mind full of  smoke  body full of ink. i dont measure it homie... i pour it til its pink as im liftin up the doors
 little more jack in my coke now  little more high in my smoke now.
 enjoying charlotte thestads @ midwood smokehouse 
 fwm stsmokeshopwinrock @stsmokeshop stsmokeshop og @ st smoke shop 
 every bit of evidence weve gotten so far has been smoke. this is the real deal. this is the fire. calling it here.
 hubbard nebraska was hopping tonight. our population is 231 and that was about the number of folks attending hubbards smoke out  fun fun
 id rather smoke bunk weed than eat your mustard smelling pussy dumbass hoe
 jackfruit bbq sandwich. @ cold creek smokehouse in rocky top  tn 
 @stsmokeshop stsmokeshopwinrock @ st smoke shop 
 livepd smokey mcsmokerson needs a shirt carbq
 100 believe theres correlation. i was more fat in hs prior to smoking weed in college. started cutting back on he 
 @clanzivino ah  no worries..well be back  gonna have some beer  smoke some fucking weed an try to relax a bit with 
 id rather smoke this blunt with someone
 anyone tryna sit outside and smoke a newport  drink some water and listen to music thats what im about to do.
 if there was fire found on trumps surveillance it has been blown out only smoke but was hidden to avoid trumps claim.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 the series of trying to take a pic around a smokey fire with drunken monkies  family love 
 so theres nooooo weedmans in the bradenton fl area
 no  we dont smoke weed. munchies dontjudgeme dontjudgeus @jtiburcio @ kearny shop rite 
 got pizza delivered  weed and american horror story. 
 can vaping set off smoke alarms new video   vaping vapor vapezero vape youtube rt 
 switch out now marijuana seattleartist usa psychedelictrance progressivepsytrance 
 a little more high in my smoke now.
 true friends dont leave you alone in the bar to go smoke a cig
 girlsnight cheers @ bootleggers modern american smokehouse 
 ...oh. it refers to their fondness for weed.
 i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 @mcfrontalot i believe the magic smoke has leaked from it. time for the landfill.
 we also found some weed eventually and it was almost brown lol
 who tryna match just took the trash out of my kitchen tryna smoke some hmu 
 she left lipstick all over my briefs im high af rolling more weed
 @petchet1 @sochain012 hot felch..bb man 4 boyz smoke and more
 who can i pull up on and smoke this backwood w.
 ncat who tryna smoke 
 @nayeli0e as the marijuana burn we can take our turn singin them dirty rap songs
 aye man where the weed man in atl  by georgia tech
 everyones favoritegsc is here come get your goodies before 2 am tonight @ premium cannabis 
 brilliant  if not a bit underhanded idea to set off the smoke right before the free kick  the 
 when ur heezers are too nice to be smoked quickly and ur left outside in the cold too long ltltand
 we dead ass found a baggy of marijuana on the steps to our apartment mike grabbed it because there are small children in our building
 even if i wanted to smoke again i would have to leave and go get gars.
 this is the guy that found the 11 pounds of marijuana on daytona beach  
 @bagusbagus1402 @firdausbanjari @tangeranghero yes  bb me smoke  suck u rim u  boyz 4 fukn fun my cock for boys 
 @jerkingpu @kon25282910  and smoke . bb my butt  suck rim and boyz for fun and my photos from california usa 
 i told brittany to go into the kitchen and make herself food and the next thing you know my kitchen is full of smoke...
 my niehbor across the street has to smoke weed. im outside and i can hear her cough and its almost 2 in morning 
 also  take a look at that tag line put this in ur pipe and smoke it. i wanna take that into retail bc it brings up tommy hilfiger.
 whos tryna smoke
 none of my weedmen are up 
 where is smoke eventually fire will ignite fire trail just left out the door 
 i would be grateful if just once smoke alarms would decide to malfunction amp go crazy in the middle of the day dontwakethekids
 starting the day with a memorable smoke by @epcarrillo  
 i have been on some weed shit where my coke at
 killing trump  robbing a few banks  shooting white people......then enjoy some weed 
 who tryna smoke
 never fucked with the whole club thing.. id rather smoke and eat tacos lol
 @johnkasich from one  good moral american to another  i encourage gov. kasich to run  for president.no smoke  amp mirrors.
 @judgejeanine newsflash @realdonaldtrump sadly is potus so all blame falls on him how much did he russia pay u to throw up a smoke screen
 the smoke alarm went off at 3 amp 4 this morning amp ive been up sincehome from church amp im just ready to knock out  happy sunday though
 when you find weed that you thought you smoked 
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well set up a weed farm. well  go to a weed farm  amd wprk for it.  ask for derek
 good times  @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 @lbmb1922 its ok   came down with sore throat . i burned a round bale of hay that was full of ants and the smoke from hay got to me
 the grass is greener on the other side  and i got weeds to spare.
 i smoke mine hot n fast. 325 with no wrap until the rest. make sure its probe tender all over. 
 celebrating my return to racing after years of a nagging injury @ the little red smokehouse in carver  ma 
 theres no smoke without fire aldubxdtbysunog
 if you smoke marijuana you make me sick  why would you put yourself in such a dangerous situation
 yolo @ fatboys southern smokehouse  @fatboysottawa in ottawa  on  
 were in an office today for set. turns out they sell smoke detectors. we have to figure out which ones are beeping 
 i had some weed and a few little bags of coke. since when is that illegal the answer to that is always theheat
 dont let your dreams go up in smoke   practice fire safety aldubxdtbysunog
 courage is fire and bullying is smoke aldubxdtbysunog
 also  smoked porkchops . why waste perfectly good smoke cheflife foodporn @bbqspot 
 lmao my smoke detector alarm went off because of all the steam that was coming out while i showered oops
 id rather be ya nigga so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day.
 i want nothing but a day outside in the sun amp wind breezing over my skin with a little smoke amp nice cold beer. goodsunday
 @donnaapperson the family dont see me going outside so figured i quitsmoking but could smoke a few amp drink some brews..4 hrs for a week
 @senwarren lets not put up the smoke screen. russia trump no where. you loose
 some little old italian man told me if i have a boyfriend make sure he doesnt smoka the marijuana  its no good 
 indeed what i call a memorable smoke by @epcarrillo glad you always enjoy  
 must be nice getting all that free weed boys  
 @gitemstevedave @tellemstevedave today  i found @benaffleck of weed 
 goldmedal winner @ the canadian beer awards @coalharbrew smoke amp mirrors is now in the bigbeerfridge @ 
 the thoughts all cloudy in the marijuana sky but it started raining molly
 got side tracked on the way to fl @ smokey mountains 
 all i do is smoke and hang with the cussos. ion got time for the fake nigags and the hatin niggas
 fire in the heart sends smoke into the head aldubxdtbysunog
 are you ready smoke out arthritis is this week 
 im at usa smoke shop in victorville  ca 
 @stachlerevan @arielmrios dont you have some pot to smoke leave her alone.
 got a weed business going in gtaonline im such a gangsta 
 little bit of cream  little bit of smoke  little bit of bitter. a nice pub... coventry cream ale 
 an furthermore susan  i wouldnt be the least bit surprised to learn that all four of them habitually smoke marijuana cigarettes  reefers
 happy mothers day to this smoke show. clemww . @ new york  new york 
 feel me lmaooo she cold be blowing smoke up our asses lmao 
 my uncle pulling up to smoke missed my g
 id rather be smoking weed
 hahahaha got off early to study for my calc test tomorrow and one of my mangers told me to take breaks to smoke a little something
 id rather sit in a car and smoke than be stabbed 23 times 
 never thought i was gonna see someone smoke inside a starbucks garbage but i guess i was wrong
 @repadamschiff all u r doing adam is covering up for obamas surveillance of trump with the russiatrump collusion its a smoke screen
 rather smoke by myself
 this week i got vip bottle service n  ended up at smokepurpps afterparty and the only things ive put on my story are ugly selfiesfood lol
 omg found the @jeffreestar and @mannymua733 colab @ the local smoke shop 
 tv full panel discuss tsa groping  other violations heather fazio  current director tx marijuana policy project jd 
 tv full panel discuss tsa groping  other violations heather fazio  current director tx marijuana policy project jd 
 sauted cauliflower  broccoli and brussel sprouts and smoked iowa chop. getting husky.
 tv end prostitution prohibition  heather fazio  director tx marijuana policy project  tsa groping amp violations  jd  
 i drink coffee when i run out of weed because i have an insatiable desire to feel different from whatever homeostasis is for me
 crackhead ..... smoke weed .... stfu no correlation.... fucking nut 
 team free smoke takes the fisher entrepreneurship 3v3 tournament p.s. squirts was mvp @ st. 
 ducks getting squashed saturday @ johnny rivers smokehouse amp bbq company 
 the ugly truth of the smoke spot. artlife @ the cedar cultural center 
 the fakest news of them all  is that cannabis is bad.  fakenews
 my parents found a stem from weed on the counter and it was my friends who left it and now they call me stoner like wtheck
 who tryna smoke
 thc aint just no fucking weed.
 this trump tweet was one of his most terrifying lies yet  business insider bi lying. all smoke no fire. fakenews 
 my housemate burned his rice now all the smoke alarms are going off this sux
 andy from weeds gtgtgt
 my dumb ass smoke detectors go off from steam. if you step out the shower or boil water on the stove that bitch going off 
 none of this is a scandal  its light smoke  no gun. get off of it she lost 
 checked yours lately   my @tucsonnewsnow story tfd installs smoke alarms in neighborhood after deadly fire gtgt 
 i call myself tryna be down and smoke and got the wrong thing 
 were almost outta weed. fourhatedwords fourwords fourwordsihate
 would you smoke a stale backwood for 10
 just did all the extra credit my soc prof was offering now its time to smoke a nice wood
 set off the smoke alarm while assembling a blue apron meal  a new cookingwithcarolyn low.
 @zenyanna shell set off the ankle bracelet  and cant exhale inside or shell set of the smoke alarm  so she exhal 
 im not liking all this weather in la. how do you tell what is clouds and what is forest fire smoke
 @skeletonbirdlin itll be 420 if you have enough weed
 need to smoke a blunt to this one jack 
 i am going to smoke so much tomorrow amp i just need him by my side
 @jaimseliza cigarettes for me along with the rest. id take a girl who smokes weed over cigarettes any day though
 sunday dinner gone two shots of gentlemans jack smoked then ate.. 
 bitch.... id rather sit in a car and smoke than kill infants 
 yas @ smokes poutinerie berkeley 
 shadowrun mission the world has lost its chill  maximum suckage prevails. but fear not  even in the darkest night the weed pope endures.
 biglittlelies that lady thought that was adele. holy smokes sade 
 @jwendyaustin the so called seattle bb community has blown smoke up their asses since they were young. its done nothing but hurt the kids.
 .@cmdgrosso i havent seen your name on the rsvp for tomorrows event for @delbarriodc all the cannabis homies are coming  want to see ya
 whos tryna smoke
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smoke. hes ragged on the edge  shes keepin him holdin out hope
 remember being little amp thinking dandelions were pretty ampevery adult in an 80 mile radius wouldnt let u say that wo screaming its a weed
 id rather do all of these things right after we sit in the car and smoke  
 when you smoke some fire 
 @jamesfflynn he emerged from a shrub and asked me if i would like to smoke drugs with him
 id much rather sit in a car amp smoke  than burn churches  kill infants  shoot up a school  or take over poland like 
 who tryna smoke when i leave work in the morning 
 id rather sit in a car amp smoke than overdose on heroin  but thats just me 
     @tooshort  presents beeda weeda bass rock babies full album by beedaweeda on @soundcloud  
 i was in the middle of having a family reunion with adele but all of the smoke alarms went off in my house and woke me up
 the amount of cigarettes my coworkers smoke a day reminds me why i shouldnt smoke
 garfieldroadfire is 95 contained crews are mopping up today 5075 into the interior. still a lot of smoke and heat along cr119 @nassauem
 whos tryna some sober breakfast since i left my weed at home
 swing by the weede today at 1100 am for coach andersons press conference. it will also be streamed live on 
 @foxandfriends @ainsleyearhardt cannabis 4 epilepsy is altered property thc is extracted leaving medical property cdb.child not getting high
 see  you used to be a crip now you a blood... so i dont want no smoke witcha  you got bloods and crips on your team 
 last night i had a dream that i was on the playground of my old school and i found a fuck ton of weed under the slide
 smoke a little weed in the morning
 holy smokes  @maureendowd would disappear if she wrote this in russia. she nails it. must read resist 
 @citytammie @jodieemery ... if she currently sells legal weed or will  after july 12018  shes fcked any hope of dispensary in ca 22
 moral judgments aside  the marijuana industry offers huge  potential for jobs  tax revenue and lower gov expense j 
 @sewerpiggy red hair is a kind of weed
 was tryna wait but ima smoke this face 
 @kathleenwynne marijuana legalized would be the perfect birthday present.  more mellow than alcohol and you can vape it ergo no smoke.
 nope you come down here trying to get smoked out im lacing the weed with coke xanax and peyote 
 this was the best...hurt my bowling game a lil bit but worth it. @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill 
 im one of those backcountry athletes that run better on weed and coffee.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 uhh no who going to waste weed on a 5050 nut not i she better add weed to the pile. 
 lovelines i was looking for my cat she lied  and i saw your smoke. i thought maybe he would follow it.
 well its finally time to pack my bags for sure now with americas down fall and nicest people in world and weed leg 
 we take pounds of weed we play lost and found with it
 so @canada is now going to legalise weed. with their universal healthcare and now the marijuana  no one is going to die there. happiness
 punchbae putting down the absolut dailypunch for inthebiz a little smokey a little cherry 
 @kylawester the fact that it was found on the phone of one of the kids who helped murder that kid over weed
 notes i take when im high off marijuana. 
 its time to update iowas cannabis laws 
 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @fbi if smoke emerged there had 2 b a fire investigation. why r u so worriedso terribly 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now 
 when all your friends smoke bogies and your sitting alone in timmies waiting for them......
 i want to be swimming in smoke
 im tryna smoke a blunt and smash on some skyline
 @politico @lindseygrahamsc hes only doing  to make a smoke screen. hes going to help get trump off
 @shinerbeer yall really should make another run of the smokehaus...this and he shiner 99 were my 2 favorite shine 
 i was going to go for a nice walk before the rain hit  but it stinks too much outside. acrid coal smoke. @gasppgh @breatheproject
 my homeboy aint shit . if it was a life or death situation for me to smoke id be dead right now
 its raining im about to go count amp smoke
 thank you cincinnati for seeing through the smoke screen. repealhb2 
 @ericbolling ive decided on this russia spinwhere the liberals r caliming where there is smoke there is fire     its really a fog machine
 a poem  roses r red  violets r blu  im just tryna jam w @nervousvibrato  and smoke weed too
 so i just found weed in my hair 
 ask any ol barstool in this town. ask my new found party crowd. sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 white grape is the worst flavor of rellos ever invented. fuck the ogs that used to smoke them shits
 went to the smoke shop to look at some pieces amp some guy came in and was all amused cuz i was in my menchies uniform 
 this is definitely my house me amp my fiance either have smokey or spooky on top of us 
 this is definitely my house me amp my fiance either have smokey or spooky on top of us 
 russia narrative is just a smoke screen for their corruption. trump is exposing it.trump is always right. 
 the food ok the beer warm @ 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in kissimmee  fl 
 me after i emerge from a 4 hr weed and audio book binge 
 which one of you niggas got weed ina yoc 
 mya rain drop  drop top  smokin weed in a hot box.  ....hahaha why is she a savage
 well susan  i wouldnt be the least bit surprised to learn that all four of them habitually smoke marijuana cigarettes
 the old antec psu let the magic smoke out. time for a shiny new corsair rm850i @ frys electronics in milton  ga 
 update the medical marijuana bill is now hearing amendments on the house floor. they are discussing the logistics of growingselling
 forget the smoke. we already found fire. by @davepell  trumprussia
 i find joy the little things in life.. like hearing weed advertisements on the radio.. i love colorado
 i find joy in the little things in life.. like hearing weed advertisements on the radio.. i love colorado
 someone blew down in the garage and i thought it was me and i didnt even smoke nothing  lololol
 colorados very own ben cort shares impact of marijuana on youth natcon17 
 @commondreams @ldyforce6 not a very concealing smoke screen
 can my grandma leave so i can smoke please
 whenever i smoke a backwood my high be different
 im dead i also found 2 grams of weed too
 finishing the day with what i call a memorable smoke by @epcarrillo  
 julie thought a nug of weed was called a kernel
 lol get smoked fl 
 bluejays grilli gets smoked @grillcheese49 fack
 had to put a bag over the fire alarm in the hotel bc i smoke too much
 tryna smoke @3trinzzz out but shes mia 
 i @ 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter park  fl 
 we installed 80 smoke alarms in homes that needed them in vancouver. the highlight this picture alyvia drew for u 
 we installed 80 smoke alarms in homes that needed them in vancouver. the highlight this picture alyvia drew for 
 tfw youre laying down with a migraine and the teenager sets off the smoke detector because she forgot to turn off the stove.
 bell gardens small grass fire south slauson near 710 fire fighters have it almost out smoke causing a little slowin 
 we installed 80 smoke alarms in homes that needed them in vancouver. the highlight this picture alyvia drew for 
 i smoke weed traitsoflikablepeople
 im really struggling to see how there can be this much smoke without a fire.  blackwater seychelles @betsydevos trump russia
 fire makes smoke. 
 id smoke this. 
 tryna smoke some boots
 id smoke it. 
 @thetylt as a health care professional  id rather see alcohol banned amp marijuana legal. 49 far to young to die of 
 ottawacitizen  cannagreen has found a new place to lurk. prey on the weak time to legalize marijuana so it can be regulated.
 besides the fact that 5lbs of weed was found at work today hahaha
 just tried to cook a nice  hot meal for myself and ended up setting the fire alarm off and inhaling fair too much smoke. wifeymaterial
 didnt have what i needed  @ twizted glass smoke shop in san jose  ca 
 not a smoker  but happy to have the tax revenue pot brings to co. plus  isnt @gop all about small gov and states d 
 @marklevinshow @itsyourgrace where there is smoke there is fire.
 sunset over hutchinson ks gorgeous taken by dir. of visual media nick hemphill with uas drone excited a new ser 
 is there a way to take a flight with weed on you
 central ohio guys smoked their @revlocallife goals  time for a little revrecess at 
 sunset over hutchinson ks gorgeous taken by dir. of visual media nick hemphill with uas drone excited a new ser 
 @hernameisrachu just found weed behind her computer screen and sniffed it to check the freshness
 @emmarexford2 what we smoke on the reg  
 sharing posts about climate change on facebook to weed out my friends list springcleaning
 gimme your weed. and your porn history. 
 its time you grew up  son. you should be investing in american auto manufacturers instead of cannabis startups. 
 finally found what i was looking for  yay @ buzz smoke shop in san jose  ca 
 just found out my grandma smokes weed ig lmao 
 i thought i found a nice dude on tinder until i scrolled to his very last photo this dude has weed leaves tatted on his nipples megan
 dayinreview  its raining.  svetlana made fish for dinner.  hemp with tea tree.
 ..and furthermore susan  i wouldnt be the least bit surprised to learn that all four of them habitually smoke mari 
 today alone i tweeted about caillou  math  dick  weed  terrorism in uganda  piss  troops  libertarians amp furries
 up in smoke with the fire we started  misery loves company
 well its nice to know my neighbors set off their smoke alarm butttt im pretty sure it wasnt due to their stove
 @senkamalaharris ca just started 2.85 tax cigarettes dont smoke yet this money is suppose to go medical  to pay for 
 maaaannnn im tryna smoke
 the divine use to come upon me like tongues of fire on my soul filling my spirit with holy ghost smoke my hearts di 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now 
 vape culture  id give actual money for this to be a smoke shop and a picture of their sign.
 im trying to smoke and @yolitechno lovesssss to take her time
 no weed smoke got me wondering how imma control all this aggression
   suit  cig holder  skull umbrella  1 pack cigarettes  smoked 8   cut bangs  2.5 hrs in the freezing rain  art takes commitment 
 everybodys in the house with a half a ounce i meant coke not weed dumbass sit down
 who smokes og kush fav this
 its a puffy big joke  smoke screen for lternative activities
 id be so fucked if my room had a smoke detector
 just some smoke to screen treason 
 it was intentional not incidental had nothing to do with russia. average american can see through smoke and mirror 
 yall gon stop asking for weed on facebook  im sure your grandma doesnt appreciate that
 was going to catch up on sleep... nooooope. in comes the fire department checking smoke detectors.
 it was just window dressing or some other kind of smoke amp mirror thing  like her daddys dinner with mittens 
 who wants to smoke and go to breakfast 
 i was having a shitty day yesterday. then i crossed the street and found a bag of weed  then i did a focus group and got 10. ty universe
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in carrollwood  fl 
 my boss just went out for a smoke break and so did the only employee and im left in the building alone omg
 people that smoke so much that theyre barely conscious gtgtgt i just knew i wunn gone make it back to the ave sunday 
 im at @zuckersbagels amp smoked fish in new york  ny 
 @lemonadeinc great filling out a form now does fire alarm mean a smoke detector in my apt or a fire alarm in the building
 trump  smoke amp mirrors. bait amp switch. divert attention from whats really important. hes a master at disillusion and deceit. trumprussia
 cillizza trump just keeps creating smokescreens to mask his russia problem @cnnpolitics 
 kcmo votes today to decriminalize marijuana  amp on other bond issues. very exciting day for the city
 @hightimesmag they are trapped on the weed thing. ether way all they can do is skim off some property money for t 
 deepest darkest places ive been there  thats i blow smoke in the atmosphere
 cillizza trump just keeps creating smokescreens to mask his russia problem 
 i take a little more jack in my coke now  and a little more high in my smoke now
 so yesterday i got a quarter of some pretty dank lookin nug i smoke 2 blunts and 3 bowls didnt feel a thing how easy it to get cbd
 @dallasfireresq dfrprevention installed 620 smoke alarms in @cityofdallas  in march. call @311dallas 2 get urs free 4067 in fy1617
 i take more jack in my coke now   a little more high in my smoke now. whateverittakes @gocountry105  
 niggas always do the most when you tryna relax and smoke
 i swear the smoke alarms went off when i opened the door
 omg  my heart waste of fucking weed 
 legalize weed and tax the shit out of soda. thats would be a good start to a steady revenue stream for our schools here in ok.
 santa barbara county board of sups kick of hearing to adopt urgency ordinance amp adopt cannabis registry as first st 
 smooth and a little smokey. a great outsidesitting beverage.... bishops breakfast nitro  photo
 @notabubble @7wtc @yusschr when the smoke clears   trump will have banked more than putin by 2024. scary but likely.
 were not ones to be soft  but his brotherly advice on getting away for a little bit was to have smoke a bowl and play fallout 3 lmao ilhsm
 well  yes. thats what happens when youre full of shit amp smokescreening. yet another cause of climatechange 
 stick to the important story russia russia russia. the rest is 45 playing smoke and mirrors 
 help my professor just made a pot joke about hemp fiber
 @sethdasportsman nick just smoked a hr too so his grind to being a top 5 fantasy 3b is starting right
 where there is smoke there is fire 
 this has been the third day in a row that the little kids in my complex have set off the smoke alarm 
 @mermerdee and thats just the tip of the iceberg. unlike russia russia russia  which is all smoke amp mirrors  we ha 
 ima slap somebody momma  @ slap ya mommas smokehouse amp bbq 
 @askauntieem1 i would have to spend 250 visitstests to get a cannabis prescription  bc no healthcare 250 woul 
 my boyfriend and his friend stopped by the smoke me out  and we went on a small hike. lovely times.
 @fakeimportant how mad do you think he would be if i told him mine was the one on marijuana by kid cudi
 @realdonaldtrump you can keep trying to throw smoke on your russia connection but 2 many people are looking into you and your team for that.
 i thought i was out of weed then i find a full jar in the car  lmao
 ira  meet the experts event. @ old crow smokehouse river north in chicago  il 
 i just had a dream where i was telling me grandma to smoke some weed with me 
 im from westtexas  our trucks are packed with coolers full of beer  rifles  pistols  shotguns  weed  bullets  whiskey  blood  spit amp cash
 riley calls yo i just dropped a delivery on your street... tryna smoke a quick bowl before i go back  
 just went to my 1st weed shop today 
 cillizza theres a lot of smoke around donald trumps associates and russia @cnnpolitics  a triple alarm blaze.
 we smoke pearls ova heree
 @nextspacesj pretty sure it was a smoke shop  but now i am not sure. should have taken a pic.
 it would be nice to have a smoke buddy.
 i r a expert fooditor @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 where there is smoke  there is fire  @foxnews 
 when your plug gives you a free tshirt   ima be reppin reefer madness tonight @xavierwulf
 dont smoke with no crips and bloods the rotation gone be fucked off
 @truetall ia just make sure you smoke it 
 just purchased and smoked cannabis legally for the first time in my life.   ask me how my day is going.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now...
 who tryna smoke when i get out... hml
 cillizza a lot of smoke around donald trumps associates and russia 
 see what happened is the church was going to medicalize weed as a tradeout for the cocaine nuskin has been dealing. nope.
 nvm  i wish i had weed and a cold one.
 you know you smoke fat tree when your phone autocorrects stoked to stoned
 what it smoke alarms emitted a human like scream and swore and were sarcastic
 how do @delllynnn and i deal with our emotions  we clean the fuck out of the house  she outside pullin weeds tho... shes deep in the feels
 sharing the screen with trump amp smoke from a nk missile launch all in one segment...media 
 report it as a smoke screen by repubs to keep trumprussia down played. it appears some repubs colluding 
 im just tryna smoke
 i rather him smoke a black rather than a cigarette 
 the human weed leaf in times square that sells shwag to tourists 
 at 14 for a 12 lb of meat  perhaps a tad pricy. but cut down on smoke a bit amp its a real winner. note i requested meat on fatty side.
 every smoke detector in the house is going off rep denny heck  chris matthews hardball 
 @tuckercarlson it is a smoke screen by trump
 we smoke ina foreign we fuck ina foreign
 @milesdfarmer over under on times he left the dinner to smoke a butt  3.5  ovverrrrrrr
 @tuckercarlson @maxboot @foxnews its not a smoke screen its a fact max
 no mr boot a smokescreen is a fake story about a video causing benghazi so obama wouldnt get neg. press before an 
 just cause it was nice out i had to smoke with everyone
 bbq  @ the strand smokehouse  @strandsmoke in astoria  ny 
 did my weedman really just give me a menthol swisher 
 @realdonaldtrump forget the smoke what about russia
 kiethy weed makes me sneeze sm i hate it 
 @donlemon rice was a political appointee and should not be unmasking pol opponents. talk about smoke and fire. @cnn
 for anybody in future situations wondering if i am high no i am not. it is probably just my contacts. i do not smoke weed.
 i smoke backwoods cos im tryna get cancer bitch
 so much 45 smoke... could it be russia 
 i thought it was pretty because it was pretty and even though its weeds lol even if something 
 dieng wanted no smoke whatsoever. 
 @tonywhalloway lmaoooooo ok but dabbing is like really pure thc wax that you burn and smoke hahaha
 @thatssocub .going with the dalwhinnie 15.  smooth  balanced  fruit  barley  a little smoke  little bit on the lighter side..  a classic.
 @realdonaldtrump @msnbc donald you can blow smoke all you want but no one with a brain is fooled.  btw...you have accomplished nothing
 its fucking nice out. whos tryna chill smoke some loud
 ive been trying to find happiness in guys  booze  and weed  when all i needed was myself.
 this weed brownie has a twofold effect. gives u the farts but also makes u think each one is more hilarious than the last. 
 enjoying a smoke tonight in my hot tub. 
 a lot of geek smoke being blown out here smh
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well set up a weed farm.  well go to a weed farm  and world for it.  ask for  derek  
 who tryna smoke
 nothing like waking from a dead sleep to the smoke detector going off. also my apartment is hot af im pretty sure the ac is broken 
 cillizza a lot of smoke around donald trumps associates and russia 
 it must be the ganja its the marijuana thats creeping upon me while im so high
 holy smokes you can not unsee this.  it will exist forever. pepsi @pepsi capitalism  
 real estate listings for humboldts weedgrowing properties now feature transparent ... 
 real estate listings for humboldts weedgrowing properties now feature transparent ...  granada hills
 i was singing dont give me no bammer weed at work tonight lol rblposse
 im damned if i do and damned if i dont how to fuck the world with the chest full of smoke
 probably never leave the weed alone 
 cillizza a lot of smoke around donald trumps associates and russia 
 aurora colorado why are teachers  and paras losing their jobs i want to know who is using the tax revenue from marijuana
 @maxinewaters trump must show the american people his taxes misdirected smoke screens and lies is getting tired impeach
 smoke  smoke  and more smoke. when oxygen finally reaches this fire it will be a conflagration like none other in o 
 waste ah weed fr 
 you tryna smoke 
  tell me that the bar is drinking  and the lights are swinging in the smoke im a fool for conversation  and ive got nowhere to go  kol
 i make maddy sit outside and wait for me while i smoke
 @dallascitymgr eliminate pio office permanently. those jobs are wasteful and was smoke screen for ac. adios to waste. need 2 scrub city hall
 new york weed is not good enough for whatbthey chargin 
 i have an album full of weed pictures 
 my mom goes id rather have u smoke cigs than weed..... lmao what
 .. was a defensive operation there was too much fire and smoke inside home and it became too risky for firefighter 
 urine full of weed and codeine  feeling strong   @ 
 frankincense set off the smoke alarm lol 
 being a full weed head seems like such a hard thing to keep up. i get high and feel the effects for 2 days minimum 
 @epcarrillo originalrebel with @epcdavid perezcarrilloernesto @ famous smoke shop 
 its called a smoke screen  i believe  or in this case a soda screen. 
 us navy teams up with american red cross  installing free smoke alarms in gulfport to make sure residents are safe 
 @therickwilson dont buy the soap just yet. its a smoke screen  bannon will continue 2b most influential person in 
 this makes my blood boil. working on ways to weed these people out. your safety and comfort is my main concern. 
 me after injecting just one backwood of marijuana 
 had a dream @petewheatie and i released an album   farming  weed  and white nationalism were the subjects
 ppl complain about city smells.. the garbage  the piss  the sewage  the cigarette smoke  but it makes me feel good. like lovers sweat
 @foxnews keep the eye on the ball  fbi is investigating trumps wh. the rest is smoke and mirrors
 i was about to complain but then i remembered i have weed
 sooo whos tryna smoke w me 
 silicone capitol of the world visit us for ur forever piece @ ocs premier smoke shops 
 im at mikes smokehouse in chattanooga  tn 
 university of colorado economics prof. coauthored a study which found that suicide rates have declined in states w medical marijuana laws.
 lets create more smoke by diverting also to susanrice as the worst thing that has happened  like russiagate is small peanuts.  smdh.
 @tsa you guys almost made actual sense on the marijuana thing today... and then promptly went back to making no sense when we all notices.
 kcs new reduced marijuana penalties25 for possession of less than 10 grams will take effect soon city hall now working on new law wording
 im tryna smokeeeee
 fuck societal norms  smoketh the dope .
 need to grab food before i smoke. and i should roll before i leave the house. set yourself up for greatness ppl.
 @usatoday no smoke there is no fire
 enjoying a smoke before dinner cigar weston bonaventureresortandspa retiredlife 
 just looking at some artistic glass with my art class nyc btw if i smoked out of any of these id be in the grave 
 @callmemoeeee skywalker  gelato  purp.. real deal rapper weed
 rillos  weed  and a lighter 
 well  our smoke detector works.
 i could be the linda brown smith of the marijuana healthcare reform
 where theres smoke  theres fire.  
 @tuckercarlson @maxboot @foxnews well most people think that the russia trump junk is a smokescreen to hide hillary 
 i can cross watching a bum smoke crack off my bucket list
 i thought he was smoking weed until i realized you dont light the bottom of the pipe haha
 so you have 5 jacx and ones a lucky which horse did you smoke first @ woodbridge  virginia 
 its raining and my umbrella is broke but im going to smoke through this
 @icebergslimog i thought your ass was pulling weeds foh
 it was about a dime bag of weed... 
 you would think that after 3 years id understand just how overzealous our kitchen smoke detector is. calmdown jeez eardrums
 @anewmanofficial @tweetiebelle @aaronleewaters @carlisledeeann @maxboot russia a smoke screen for other goings on.
 western provinces expect ottawa to pay costs associated with marijuana legalization plan  
 in 1851 cannabis was available for purchase in general stores in us.  paige colen  coo of hippocratic growth  llc 
 if it wasnt for american dad i wouldnt have found out that this is one nice ass album. even better to smoke to 
 who made cannabis illegal  ashley herr  ceo of hippocratic growth  llc 
 and @paulcurtmans bill on industrial hemp was perfected. moleg
 kansas city just voted to decriminalize marijuana. merica
 this is happening plantnite @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  orlando  fl east colonial 
 you tryna smoke 
 i will forever be on aija ass about that shit. bit will smoke the roach till its just fire left lmao
 about to demolish some ribs @ finks bbq and smokehouse in dumont  nj 
 anyone tryna smoke
 @lindseygrahamsc so trump got to you and paid you off. thought u were a stand up guy. susan rice another smoke screen and you bought it
 @thinkprogress cops need to change their training and weed out the unfit. policing can be done well  but not by frightened racists.
 id rather smoke than eat an edible lmao. them bitches be having me yurnt. i be having to cancel all my plans
 @ thanksgiving farm hurleyville nystate  i wanted make sure the hemp was seeded right   i 
 @skidddz just attempted to make chicken  filled the house with smoke amp set the smoke detectors off  threw it all away amp left for chipotle 
 @simonh91 probably seeing whos going to cost them the most for insurance  smokers and drinkers cost employers more  
 @classiestqueen weed isnt water soluble so make sure you put some milk in there lol
 who tryna smoke
 therefore id rather not smoke at all 
 i smoke a backwood of the strong fuck a swisher
 i swear id be better off sending up smoke signals. slowinternet 
 .@scavino45 @potus @presssec and @realdonaldtrump wants to cut 1.5bn from @natlparkservice  78k is pointless amp another smoke screen.
 i was selling weed in middle school just meet me in the hall 
 @ripmydemocracy @th3j35t3r question is smoke screen or truth  hear its to take the heat off trump for all the leaks 
 im really just tryna smoke some blunts with ya maybe sit on your lap a lil
 quick follow up is magic mike actually a pretty well done movie. louis ck suggested it. whats going on. god this new weed is fantastic.
 i been eating grapes nshit all day and i aint lost no weight so i treated myself to a smoked sausage.
 my coworkers asked if i smoked weed and when i said everyday fam  they laughed at me thinking i was sarcastic   little do they know
 sure  i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 bout to smoke the rest of the weed and schleeeeeeep 
 i automatically thought of my weed man when i read this  
 cigarettes kill humans  but humans smoke them anyway. scientists have figured out how they do it knowing death is 
 nobody on my follow list smoking weed like me. before you ask  yes i would love a cookie.   get it munchies  hahaha.
 thought this was a dildo but you can smoke out of this  
 was on a nice smoke ride until i got chased out of river ranch by a fucking security guard. u rok
 id be rich if i didnt snack a lot and smoke weed
 no fuck weed nope
 .@wickedrain11 this song reminds me of when you used to be able to smoke inside oleays
 so the fedscant find a lil girlor a big ass plane  but can find a lil ass bag off weed between a ngga nuts  
 the virginia state crime commission plans to study whether marijuana should be decriminalized in the commonwealth. 
 trump using rice as a smoke screen stop russia invest. its not going to work msnbc @morningjoe
 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @fbi where theres smoke.....
 running news montreal schwartzs deli manager to set aside apron n smoked meat to run 250km @sandmarathon 
 waste of time... it was a smoke screen developed by the liberal democrats in the obama administration... more lies 
 update to whiterock fire man sent to hosp for smoke inhalation has been discharged. 26 pple escaped apt fire. lat 
 breakfast time  yes...we eat the weeds because mom doesnt spray them... ramonaranchwinery 
 thats my favorite uncle on occasion he smoke crack cocaine
 thick smoke blankets everglades holiday park and fire  officials evacuating tourists @wplglocal10 
 i was wondering where you were..enjoy and smoke one for me 
 that smokehouse pizza from little caesars looks trifling.
 who tryna smoke
 that time i blew hookah smoke in my wine glass  because... well... im not really sure  but i 
 saturday  april 8th. tell your iowa city friends 912am @ wildwood smokehouse amp saloon 
 @lordbrvndon i remembered when i was in cali i just called had to call a number to place an order and had weed deli 
 wow  i also wonder how the lack of exercise cost in  medicaid smokers cost indiana 540 million a year 
 addictive nuts derivatives could help smokers break the nicotine habit 
 the weed bit from @lastweektonight was primo shit. 
 well i set off the smoke alarm this morning...
 ehs doesnt care if kids leave to smoke weed on campus  but if you leave for lunch the worlds over.
 @kanehodder1 hey kane remember that weed eater scene from pt 7 you acted that so perfectly and that was badas
 windyedge lane update fire held to the stovetop. food on the stove is the cause. smoke amp fire damage to kitchen. 
 @whattheffacts titty milk  rt@whattheffacts the same cannabinoids found in marijuana  are also found in human breast milk.
 i would make the damn smoke detector go off and it scared the shit outta me.  im alone thank goodness
 i found weed in my bra  nice
 @therealjseo what if theyre selling weed out of their cars is that a side hustle of a side hustle
 @khanoisseur smoke and mirrors. im sure this is all part of the game. trumprussia remember the commerical flight 
 for those of you who live in a state where cigs tax and price is ridiculous try the casinos smoke shop.  i get them 4 2  a pack tax free.
 @markcosgrovelew  he would have sprayed caesar with the weed killer he was spraying on the grass.. 
 this weed chocolate bar has 750mgs of thc.  the sisters who run this shop make their own 
 scary smoked out ass
 hear the impressive @fayettechill story today w @startupjunkie register now for free 530 today at the smokehouse 
 her heart is a garden filled with dead roses  and weeds from seeds planted  by those who left
 whos tryna smoke a b on me
 200 later at the vet to find out that riley somehow ate weed and was just super faded 
 go to little caesars and try the smokehouse bbq pizza. youll thank me later. 
 tryna find weed in another state 
 prime rib sandwich  no horseradish please @ 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter garden  fl 
 there is a thick blanket of smoke  over wdw  which ends directly over hollywood studios. pretty weird effect right 
 anybody tryna smoke w me 
 @sleepofficial weed helps  im sure
 i just bought weed with my grandma in the car 
 elected gov min of enviro dorsett accepted tech assistance from pan american health org paho re burning dump. toxic smoke still problem.
 just planted all of my sweetpeas in the backyard. also did a little weeding. greenthumb gardening
 nothing says happy spring like this guy outside my office trying to smoke out a flock of pigeons
 in jack amp the weedstalk  theres a super mellow giant up top whos glad to help jack out any way he can.
 well at least with the new youtube policies they can weed out all the sofloantonios
 @womengrow cannabis event sports amp the cannabis industry @ duane morris in new york  ny 
 every three weeks  we are losing as many american lives to drug overdoses as we lost in the 911 attacks.   none of those were from weed.
 @kathleenwynne i dont know what the ont. gov. is thinking about legalising marijuana but in my opinion the way that lcbo works  is fine.
 trying to smoke outside on this nice day
 @prisonplanet it didnt split the base just weeded out the meek. peace through strength
 @whitehouse you need to weed out the fake reps and obama leftovers. they are anti american.
 @middleeastguy am i loosing my mind or did we fire inert missiles last night. no smoke or fire and no bda. seems more like a fireworks show
 @nytimes hearing putin complain us violated sovereign state is a joke he annexed crimea from ukraine dt putin still plan smoke and mirrors
 people started running down the stairs when the fire alarm started amp .. all we could see was a lot of smoke  
 @govmartinez are you freaking serious no raise in minimum wage and no rec. marijuana means nm will be poor until you leave office helpnm
 im tryna smoke but im not tryna present my group presentation high 
 good weather on sunday  and my first thought was perfect weather to finally smoke a blunt outside why am i such a bum man
 @saletan all a smokescreen. trump tough on russia  russia condemns  us tries to appease russia  lifts sanctions. bi 
 @chriscuomo @cnn this attack is a smoke screen... trying to cover up something
 i need to smoke all the weed i can before syria blow us up
 total smoke show... dodgeofficial hellcat @ expo center south florida fairgrounds 
 @littlejoeradio @carmchris1 so will kevin have to toke his weed out side now so joe wont piss dirty poproblems
 but on another note  the weed is pearled
 .@newarkfire rescued elderly man found suffering from smoke inhalation in 12story building fire today 
 if i planted my thoughts marijuana would grow
 @andrewbellbnn @marketcall dieing to ask what your thoughts on weed today @420  is it going higher 
 massapequa high school just finished up a temporary evacuation for a smoke alarm.  all set  back to learning  all good
 .@joenbc smoke amp mirrors 2 cover 4 relaxing sanctions on russia hours after swearing in sos who crafted exon russian oil deal who owns 19
 alternate asoiaf universe robin arryn leagalizes medical marijuana in the vale  the first of the seven kingdoms.
 i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now..
 tryna smoke a blunterrrr
 cannabis science using federally grown cannabis is not representative of the legal market @cannagenomics speaking 
 me wears bongripper shirt and electric wizard pin on my backpack  also me has never smoked weed
 holy smokes im basically famous now @meganrage commented back to me i dont have time for you peasants anymor 
 about to smoke an take ah shower an relax leave me with plans when i get out 
 torelli just asked me if i needed a break to go outside and smoke my blunts again wut 
 @polyscience help my new  third  smoke gun isnt providing adequate smoke  ive cleaned it  unclogged it and 
 if me destiny amp dontasia was to get a place together our house would be full of smoke 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 trump smoke screen. deflect 
 @simonegiertz simulation circuits are good too. working out digital switches  its working when the magic smoke ico 
 matthewmcconaughey there is not enough weed in the world to get me to fucking embrace trump. resistance 
 @egoldie80 @jrcherry3 white peoples cigarettes are camel lights  marlboro lights. white hipsters smoke american spirits.
 matthewmcconaughey are you out of weed
 i thought i was the only one who thought their weed was bunk lmaooo 
 @foxnews iran.. nothing but a pimple on usas ass... we could smoke you in minutes...have some nice pork bacon
 swimming class where i realized i smoke a lot of weed
 @tengop would probably set smokey the bear on fire too.
 she mix her coke with heroin  she call it speedballin  i mix my cookie with the og  i hear that weed callin
 i sit the smoke alarms off in the hose from cooking. im done 
 i like how me amp my brother tryna come up on a plan to smoke
 i have cones but no weed. tragic
 me telling my dad that im sick well you know marijuana helps with colds best advice ever
 amp she smoke that fire 
 found my weed
 .@thenation smoke amp mirrors to cover up the exon russia oil deal sos sworn in russian sanctions relaxed 19 of rus oil sold to shell cos
 peace by give us suicide that my slowgen its do or die weed was made for the human brain to erase the negative an help you calm your
 its an inauguration cigar for trump  im going to smoke it while i watch the nuclear warhead 
 my dad decided he would cook dinner tonight. within the first 30 seconds he set off the smoke alarm. thanks dad
 who wants to drive up to winter park and smoke me u0
 where most run to cayenne for an any time sauce  this is more up my alley. good heat  good smoke  good flavor. 
 at least the smoke will mask the smell of urine berkeley berkeleyburns
 tryna get up in her guts and then burn up a lil weed wit her
 lvfr no smoke alarms inside vegas apartment during deadly fire. 
 bars  weed  coke  crazy asss high
 im at jiffy lube and im 99 that the employees here smoked weed in the little office
 ampamp smoke 
 baba essex hemphill.  tongues untied by marlon riggs 1989 erydayblkhistorymonth ceremonies 
 ask any ol barstool in this town ask my new found party crowd sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 my dumbass thought it was weed i was already thinking about doing this lol 
 lmao id smoke with then  
 the monroe lavender hemp milk aand jojoba oil soap pop soap all natural handmade vegan soap for 
 so were going to lump the weed and underage drinking texts with the other stuff
 following federal laws is a smoke screen txlege no sb4
 well the smoke detector went off  but it wasnt half bad. poorfoodiehastocookhisownfood foodie 
 @ceohaize its a fine. they call it the weed tax.
 wyd yo im tryna smoke and make some flaming hot cheerios @bvd
 all i want right now is a glass of wine  a long smoke and my best friend @linglingbair 
 babe ruths is more impressive  considering he smoked on the mound and drank in the dugout 
 @repadamschiff 1.ignores renewed  aggression to  2. tillerson ties to putin. 3. flynn ties to russia. 4. not releasing taxes. smokefire
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 tryna smoke
 im lowkey tryna smoke amp smash some food
 smoked weed right outside the courthouse 
 paedophiles cant smoke weed but they can finger little boys
 boyyy i run outta weed to fast
 if trump legalize weed in ga. i might just start fwh
 the best way to fund healthcare for everyone is to legalize marijuana on the federal level . tax it put tax into healthcare truth america
 i just wanna know why myself  a sagittarius  has to be the only fucking weed on this list 
 when they send you a snapchat of a backwood  a blunt and your front door and say come outside  its smoke time yasssss myfriends
 @mbacchetti22 tbh id rather smoke the pot than stir it
 id smoke with the tl fasho
 trumps crooked hillary schtick was just a smoke screen for trumps mother of all horse hit  
 i rather smoke a blunt amp sit in the car with you 
 no hay cannabis
 in all seriousness  is marijuana drugs
 im tryna smoke
 deputies 15 pounds of marijuana found in anderson county bust 
 i just want to smoke this fucking joint but its like 2 degrees outside
 im the livin proof that you dont need a masters just to be a masterpiece people passin faster than im passin weed
 i smoke too many blunts to clear the river of my thoughts  and im not from chicago but i do not fuck with thots
 climatechange caused by co2  hemp captures co2 better than trees 41. hemp made into building materials permanentl 
 someone forgot to mute their phone during a marijuana conference call in alaska. what was heard 
 where are all the guard today   as good as game day other than no smoke inside oy.   up the fucking city dctid
 @trumpnado2016 and how utterly gullible americans are that voted for him and didnt see thru this smoke screen @cnnmoney
  how to make a smoke waterfall with sticky notes
 grandma hate that i smoke but i aint never been a quitter
 ltrairugt id rather play mvc2 and smoke chronic than get head
 somebody tryna smoke. tryna roll a fattyyyy
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 apparently if the smoke alarm goes off  we just come out of our office and stare at each other in the hallway. 
 in my online writers center course  survey of lgbtq poetry 1980present  well cover riggs  hemphill  others  
 i smoke too many blunts to clear the river of my thoughts  and im not from chicago but i do not fuck with thots
 i hate when im about to take a smoke in the morning on my patio and its cold out of no where 
 fina take a nice shower than smoke my leaf
 we smoke that thing that og
 .@cnn cnn @carolcnn  is larry sabado normalizing a classic propaganda ploy that don the con is using  holy smokes
 @passafire you better have left us some weed at the venue for tonight
 dang i thought i was the only one.. same here  rt @juliacolomo i hate serving  i have nightmares almost daily about being in the weeds
 @fr3nchmontana haha nice  one my profs has the same thing i believe and says he smokes hellcats
 goodell says medical advisors have advised nfl not to change current marijuana policy... league will keep monitoring. superbowl
 i asked my mom what she did w the big ass nug of weed on the table she goes that green thing i threw it out .....tysm
 my uncle has weed coconut water.  today cant get better.
 fire  weed  fire  bitches
 i asked jack what i should do today and he said to smoke weed and jack off so catch me on the flip side
 i just waste all the weed 
 legal marijuana use workplace implications in canada are going to be significant  marijuanaworkplace hr
 little super bowls of fun  smoked goudajalapeno poppershttpst.coj3kdmtpco6  super bowl appetizer food 
 all my backwoods smokers gone fuck with these shirtcrewneckshoodies once they all set and done
 anyone need a moneybag @ ocs premier smoke shops 
 @1slicknigga id spend 150 on weed before i buy a purse
 hash weed ampamp beers 
 just witnessed a gtr smoke a challenger in the 805... my lord  that was fucking sexy 
 i just witnessed a gtr smoke a challenger on the 805... my god  that was the sexiest take off ever 
 blow  weed  coke  pop  x...  speeding up the heartbeat  banging in my chest..
 you left your weed ina car
 story time i was in the elevator the other day eating the kale chips i bought from sprouts and this girl asked me if i was eating weed
 literally thought this was marijuana 
 who tryna smoke w me
 what u need  @ ocs premier smoke shops 
 funny  welltimed vatican joke.  would the smoke be @sacrepublicfc red if there is a compromise and white if side 
 tryna smoke a buff today
 good weed in a backwood paralyze you i swear
 set off my smoke alarm toasting a bagel 
 who tryna smoke 
 if i wasnt on probation...id infuse everything with weed. id infuse my fuckin cereal if i could 
 people passin faster than im passin weed
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a  little more high in my smoke now 
 whenever i smoke before class i take a lot of notes but spell everything wrong
 take some pics smoke a clip and got a free shirt out of it. cool
 guess who just set the smoke alarm off.....  this dumb ass right here    cookingfail mommylife damnit
 dinner @ smoke in md 
 this pretty girl that works at the smoke shop gt
 i can never eat a meal when i get off unless i smoke a blunt first.  gethigh stayhigh fucksober stonerlife neverstop
 jack daniels lacquered lollipops  smoked beer butt chicken  and banana pudding...still wondering what to do for 
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smoke
 @realdonaldtrump @potus we must also weed out the ones who made it here 
 waiting on dinner to go. @ smoke barbeque amp taqueria  @smokebbqtacos in pittsburgh  pa 
 im at the strand smokehouse  @strandsmoke in astoria  ny 
 @potus smoke and mirrors trump administration releases false videos of new intell only to find out the video is 10 years old.
 policing and permitting sacramentos cannabis industry is estimated to cost 6.3m. 
 i thought glaucoma360 was a weed thing tbh
 literllay stepped outside the door to take a big ass breathe of cigarette smoke literally died
 im just smoking weed tryna find the truth about a lot of things  bitch
 tryna smoke.
 id rather smoke my swisher by myself than to smoke a wood with 3 people
 georgia is the hardest place to find weed
 hanging with my boys @eugenesghost @troyfsu love these guys @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 thats sad   nigga went outside just to take two puffs of weed
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 new neighborhood gem @ belly up smokehouse amp saloon in chicago  il 
 naturally i set off the smoke alarm the first week i live in my own apartment
 @aspentn go enjoy your legal weed and sell your skinny ass to the highest bidder. im sure you went out there to find a man
 the smoke alarm in my apartment went off while i was in the shower 
 im at my grandmas and we are talking about weed and my pawpaw goes i would have probably smoked weed when i was younger for sure 
 than 100 pounds of marijuana was allegedly found hidden in the vehicle at the santa teresa port of entry 
 @jferrisfl @cbs12 was false alarm.  neighbor lit some wet pine needles in her firepit and cause a lot of smoke
 my baby having fun at dinner with live music @ the strand smokehouse 
 @jstaverage no none deaths from weed consumption
 @pixelfish fortunately for my nascent urges japan isnt particularly amenable to marijuana use
 blackberry smoke was good but spending time with you was even better  @ u.s. cellular center 
 who tryna smoke
 after this chinese food weed will be needed
 @saberback @ecclesias @betsydevos @badassteachersa all smoke and mirrors. she is chrisitantaliban. wants to covert the masses.
 i will except no fake news or propaganda and i wont give kelly a one minute she is a smoke screen for trump and bannon
 remember when brad taylor was injecting the marijuanas
 i lost my id so nick is buying weed for me 
 everytime i leave weed alone for a couple weeks or a month i have very weird vivid dreams that scares me into doing drugs again.
 the other funny thing is this magic hire. nobody realizing its just a smoke screen to hide the fo not having to fire jim buss anytime soon.
 @dailycaller @anncoulter pelosi must be high on that california gold weed
 i turn into a singing butterfly when i smoke
 im just here  minding my own business  smokin some fuckin weed so leave me alone kahneesha casey
 im watching viceland and theyre doing a murder mystery dinner but the food is cannabis infused....
 canada employee insurance plan must pay for med marijuana  human rights board rules  
 @gitoo tryna smoke
 who tryna smoke big gas and big woods only
 smoke from food on an unattended stove filled a senior apartment complex with smoke  forcing brief evacuation 
 better score some weed 
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smoke
 cooking out the pot i like my weed for lunch and dinner.
 hey you. yes you.  have you heard of hemperco well if you havent go check them out. and use 
 im reading about this upscale cannabis garden and apparently they got fuckin dragonflies
 @joefreshgoods made a shirt that said a malia obama we all smoke its ok shirt 
 @realdonaldtrump   you know  if you rescheduled marijuana  the left would love you for it.
 just got home to the neighbors smoke alarms going off. if i have to evacuate because theyre burning us to the ground  im gonna be so mad.
 tryna smoke 
 if i smoke american spirits will that make me a hippie hipster
 @amgeeked prolly but i got no interest in fighting  rather just smoke grass and lift weights
 im always in the middle of a smoke outlmao
 after the river off to the park to smoke a fat jay and play music 
 was nauseous after i downed a bloody mary before i left work. all i was thinking about was weed... then my coworkers gf walks in w a joint
 who tryna smoke 
 should i take the chance of getting in a bit of trouble and smoke in my room
 id rather smoke a blunt
 when yo middle school crush ask you to wake and bake but you dont smoke  
 factcheckasong  he was a joker and a smoker.  but he was a midnight broker.  you know  to take advantage of the asian markets and such.
 i gather the courage to go outside to smoke one only to find the b frozen solid....
 @dagenmcdowell @foxnews   off subject do you advise investing in legal marijuana im to pretty to go to jail.
 over here tryna decarboxylate weed
 with marijuana legalization  a new problem sprouts how to test for high drivers 
 why tryna smoke
 whos tryna smoke some basketball and play some weed
 @guyinvancouver @gtopmd trudeaus friends get to control the weed market. hes protexting their interest. small guys need not apply.cdnpoli
 im at @zuckersbagels amp smoked fish in new york  ny 
 @radiofreetom weed dealers on campuses could see an initial dip in gross revenues if this were implemented.
 @jaketapper is full of soft punches  false equivalences amp smoke screens 4 this admin. 
 like he was a backwood well smoke shorty
 me  at the airport were about to get to security did you leave any weed in your bag @antihyuk 
 tryna rob me for the smoke but i wont go. 40 on blow
 the hardest part of my morning was trying not to set off the smoke alarm while cooking bacon. i think im adulting fairly well 
 @robdelaney in russia  weed takes you
 to think if new dry cleaners  mattress stores and smoke shops werent opening up this art form would not reach its 
 @opieradio i just saw a video of blackberry smoke amp bobby weir doing mississippi halfstep  u have to ck it out man
 i only smoke alone 
 saturday is for the smoke @ colonial williamsburg 
 holy smokes. this is useful. cant parse all the status updates. 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 when the bar is so chill the bartender walks outside for a smoke.  muteme
 she told him not to smoke. he set her hair on fire and led 95mph chase  sheriff says  
 something textbooks forgot to include. william r. hurst effect on marijuana in us.  via @thedailybeast racebaiting
 when you leave me      you take away everything you take all my money you take all my weed
 she told him not to smoke. he set her hair on fire and led 95mph chase  sheriff says 
 fuck smoke on the water im down here in lgi tearing fish up hammered drunk
 im watching the shop today so come and have a smoke with me and giacomo botl sotl 
 why did i just find a weed scale in the trunk
 american bipeds please read this to counteract msm smoke screens 
 who tryna have a smoke session tonight 
 full now its time to smoke 
 new sign i had to have it the biggest negative side effect to cannabis use is law enforcement 
 sure i take a little more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 ask any ol barstool in this town ask my new found party crowd sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 i joined a rewards programe at a smoke shop lmao
 get your @rawlife247 tshirts  hats and gear at cirrus smoke shop fortmyers capecoral 420 
 we cant just leave this fire. so says smokey the bandit @ninjakarlee00
 i just witnessed my manager smoke 5 cigarettes at once
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 who tryna smoke tonight  or have ah smoke out 
 and smoke a backwood 
 i do not smoke our very finest american poet.. j.d. morrison whose spirit iz all over me now 
 sit outside amp smoke a blunt to this view 
 smoke a little weed   have a laugh attack
 hahahahahaha my whole house is filled with smoke and my mother wants to murder everyone  terrific
 if i didnt have to go through a checkpoint on the way to cc id take some weed from here
 i dont understand why someone would get their c section scares co weed with a tattoo id be proud of the scare
 neil. i miss you so much but now we can smoke together even tho youve moved onto another life.  love you neil  th 
 nj societal stigma against cannabis consumers is daft
 apocalypsepersonalads looking for weed. so i can go out on a high note.
 thingsiveheardtoday  im everyones weed yoda
 who tryna smoke 
 car full of weed were the millers
 witnessed an indian chain smoke 6 reds. i call him master sidhant
 pregame at my house before night bass but u must bring ur own food liqour jawns drugs and weed also suggested donation
 whats the side effects when you smoke a blunt 
 my dad just asked if theres marijuana flavored vapes
 time to smoke to calm away the insecurities 
 @mannyam well hoss  listen nah. you does smoke mummy leaving for trini wednesday so you know wah going on
 you guys i just had some ribs my uncle smoked all day and now im so full.  just thought id pass that along.
 @rickellis16 oh  for sure. way more consistent. and weed is great.
 amazing anniversary weekend with this one @ old crow smokehouse 
 my grandma was lit and in the process she claimed that she could probably smoke more than me 
 @stephenswsj @sacca @foxnewsinsider more and more suspicious smoke. is trump being paid by putin where is wh transcript of thier call
 just lookin to close another bar down tonight @ wildwood smokehouse amp saloon 
 at a fundraiser auction amp people are going nuts over wifi smoker. how do you justify drinking beer if you dont have to watch the smoker
 lifes crazy.. i never thought id be selling my dad weed
 i rather smoke than drink any day
 given the level of toxicity out there  yes  if youre smart  you will do something to counteract those effects.  for me turmeric and weed
 conway is a con artist alternate facts are nothing but smoke and mirrors and deflect the nation from the gops m 
 im tryna smoke this bowllllllll
 when the baby finally falls asleep and then the smoke alarm decides its time to die 
 im tryna smoke some dope wasssup
 some weed would be nice 
 @jkrowling whats the wizarding world version of weed
 the original title of the american version of godzilla was raymond burr looks at things and occasionally smokes a 
 why she waste that weed like that 
 and its waaaaaaay too cold outside to step out and smoke
 back in the kitchen for more cannabis treats  @ fullerton cal. 
 leading cause of ca.deaths lung ca. claims more lives than other cancers in both genders.is there any1 who still smokes feigning ignorance
 my uncle just admitted he gives marijuana tea for my grandmas parkingson amp my dad was the one that got it for him....
 @nygovcuomo    gov can we decriminalize marijuana 
 who tryna smoke 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 @jennaruns that sucks but we have inhaling smoke all week  from out of control range fires in west texs. runnersproblems
 @mtvflourides  id smoke u guys out if i could
 amp further more susan  i wouldnt b the least bit surprised 2 learn that all 4 of them habitually smoked marijuana cigarettes
 im tryna smoke
 @rainbow6game stuck in the ever loading smoke screen in a ranked game.. why are the servers being ass...
 id rather be your nigga  so i can get drunk amp smoke weed allll day
 @nmonae lmao myself but its too cold to smoke
 got a scooter boi   alertalertalert @ old crow smokehouse huntington beach ca. 
 waiting for this asshole to stop shoveling snow outside to smoke outside my window. a lot of snitches out there
 this lady on cops thought weed was crack 
 yes yes yes. smoke showing  fully involved eventful morning so far.
 you tryna smoke   me 
 who up tryna make some gas money n i ah smoke withcha
 my heart hearing so fast smoke be worrying the fuck outta me omg
 if you want to smoke pls be a proper pothead amp dont set off the fire alarm at 3 am ok thank u
 who tryna smoke.
 take the weed nattie
 nothing to get you out of bed quicker than a blaring fire alarm and a hall full of smoke at 420 in the morning live love brooke tower
 cannabox  jan   high tunes what musical marijuana themed box wouldnt include bob not sure 
 i just found more weed 
 whoever has the ability to smoke but not inhale is so fucking cold hearted
 i got rellos but no weed 
 if you could take 1 hit of weed with anyone in the world for once before you die who would you take a drag with on a peaceful morning
 with marijuana legalization  a new problem sprouts how to test for high drivers 
 @ncbeerguys @fox46news @mchefsmith tell @krispykreme to make a collab doughnut beer with wicked weed
 funding for a relational art masterpiece a 3in1 kosher  halal and cannabis dispensary shop is proving more difficult than i thought
 @deptofdefense .youbetter be on our president s side 100 percent or will weed your asses out sighed us vets get it
 when your buddy fires up his smoker and had a little extra room for your pork shoulder...in the 
 who tryna smoke up
 heads up there is smoke in the entryway from my @nest smoke detector is not a good start to my super bowl cooking. superbowl pulledpork
 numerous coworkers how was pittsburgh me it was awesome  you can smoke cigarettes in the bars there
 colorado has legal weed  realistic gun laws  a flat tax on income and a balanced budget. i found my libertarian utopia.
 when you on your last bit of smoke and that tax return hits your direct deposit 
 where theres smoke...theres a woodburning stove next door.  2516 
 big fire and big smoke
 if you smoke rillos im not follwong back
 so i thought that i was outta smoke but remembered i saved my self a bowl for later. winning
 we gon have superbowls full of weed 
 not ready for superbowl sunday at the shop... come get your weed early and leave us be
 6 slabs on the smoker  gameday superbowl igrill fluke masterbuilt weber ribs @ villages 
 @caseyquin i thought i would see more girl scouts outside of the weed shops here in denver 
 young og only smoke on og
 pasco weed gtgtgt orlando weed
 drank a little drank  smoke a little smoke
 no one tryna smoke
 that is yeah  theres smoke  enough for a hundred fires  but theres probably only really twenty actual fires but fires are still fires
 several fire depts battling large warehouse fire in cicero. building was abandoned. smoke can still be seen for mil 
 im gonna show you how to smoke a little bit of weed with a little bit of tin foil lmao
 beercleanglass lace perfect @ the dunedin smokehouse 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 if i didnt have to leave my house to smoke i would never leave
 this weekend at the wrestling meet we set off a smoke alarm in the hotel room amp i smothered it with a pillow until i couldnt hear it anymore
 @kvngxan @justajai oh shiyit she was tryna fuck u for 7.50dang i ruled out tree in the beginning cause i thought no way they talkin weed
 i installed a new smoke detector in my room and my mom asked me if i was setting my room on fire
 my mom was cleaning out my grandmas room and she found a half oz of weed lmaooooo.
 does one need marijuana if theyve witnessed a ufo.
 sure i take a little more jack in my coke now  little more high in my smoke now
 niggas smoke a backwood and get courage
 my mission weed out the fake find the1 who wantz 2 b found . who sees the truth in a world full of lies. filthylivn family1st 4evapurpz
 cannabox  jan  high tunes  so i have got a few weed shirts in my life that id wear almost 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now.
 happy sunday funday whose ready to medicate  thanks hemperco for always providing me with 
 ballston spa middle school fire put out quickly  very smokey 
 lol i found a rillo on the floor with a tiny bit of weed in it
 just smoked some og medical kush 
 boy went full on tumble weed 
 sure i take a little more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now..
 a bed and  some smokehouse would  be nice
 nice that thought was only present because of how i taught myself how to become self medicated by those who dont need marijuana
 the monroe lavender and hemp milk soap. pop soap all natural handmade vegan soap for dry and 
 i smoke rellos @itsjustshay 
 things just look so good at times .   wondering if the grass really greener or is it all smoke amp mirrors
 you know she getting down in the kitchen when the smoke alarm starts going off 
 nice clear golden  color  great almost smokey notes   not sure about the ... main squeeze  photo
 @vermyfox as enjoyable as it is id rather listen to a smoke alarm for 5 hours
 in bed enjoying my snacks weed amp the superbowl on the 70 
 troys making me a steak dinner while we smoke hella amp watch the super bowl  what else could i ask for
 holy smokes. theyre drones. halftimeshow
 nowsmoking smoke number 2 for the game @ charlotte city club 
 hey @loukyfire i think the houston fd needs some help to ventilate the smoke from the @pepsi superbowl 
 i think i have the most sensitive smoke alarms ever... anything sets these things off.... firstalarm
 im tryna smoke nd chill for i leave tommorw
 had to step outside and take me a smoke break.
 nope. but this game may turn me into a smoker. 
 i thought it was the weed but its catch
 falcons blow 283 lead guy goes out for a smoke in ot @thejpizzle
 im tryna smoke
 if u never had to light a toothpick on fire with a gas stove to smoke weed dont talk to me
 i know ive been posting a lot about hemperco  i just am very appreciative of them for being 
 cooking dinner  me to the smoke alarm you shut your whore mouth.  im done with winter already
 sure i take a more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 my grandma just posted advertising an event at a smoke shop with edibles available on facebook
 no bs... i asked this dude that was selling weed in cypress for a zip... the nigga thought i was talkin about a ziplock bag
 well since no one is tryna light up rn  im just gonna smoke alone and finish death note 
 that old baptist parking lot is where id go to smoke my pot i sit there in my pickup truck and pray 
 cause you are  you are a loner  loner marijuana  endorphins make you stronger  stronger
 this blunt im about to smoke for my uncle i love you and i wish you was here with me 206 forever 
 chilling outside cuz i just smoked n im tryna act like its not really 40 degrees
 i smoke bowls outside of henrys house for fun
 when i guy would rather take you out to lunch  then ask if you want to smoke at 2 in the morning  you jump on that shit.
 and smoke a fat backwood 
 i remember when i thought a dime was a lot of weed
 people passin faster than im passin weed
 i thought this was a weed nug at first glance 
 im bouta smoke that loooouud on that note
 damn this weed hit me outta nowhere 
 my school smells like weed if that gives you any indication as to how my morning is going
 this might be a little weed. but  what a beautiful little weed it is  it all depends on how you 
 @thelastannazon the house was full of smoke when liv woke me up. it burned like half the crawlspace door off amp was deeeeep in the mulch
 @mikepence history of cannabis  
 @mikepencevp history of cannabis 
 im about 98 sure that @fareastmovement smoked weed.
 not tryna smoke yet 
 no ref needed i stayed weeded situations  heated
 @fairimmigration amp dan stein another smoke screen for right wing bigotry mill pedaling fear. fair  f another innocent refugee @newday
 sure i take more jack in my coke now and a little more high in my smoke now 
 i went outside to smoke on the balcony and its raining bad 
 i smoke weed for breakfast
 i thought he didnt smoke weed 
 recovery schools  human trafficking  marijuana youth use  just a few of the topics being discussed at preventionday cadcaforum
 @mcfaul it may be more than odd. when will congressional investigators get down to work to see if theres fire underneath all of the smoke
 who got early class and tryna smoke
 literally i went to the anti and the diamonds world tour and weed was obviously present at both
 put a little more jack in my coke now   a little more high in my smoke now .
 people will judge you if you smoke a joint and then go ahead and down a fifth of jack or henny.
 its cannabis. cannabis is for winners. coke is for losers.  
 @nbcnews i expect president trump and kids to decriminalize cannabis. have mercy treathealthesick 80years of lies. thank you.
 id rather drink..the smell of smoke makes my head hurt 
 the smoke alarm went off and then they told us not to worry what is this bullshit
 sadly. shit at least i can afford to get cable now though  and i smoke in there unlike my last place. 
 @comlanborweezo bitch im tryna smoke 1st
 and then we went into the barber shop to smoke a blunt  ok colby
 we need to bribe robby with more smokes in order to clean himself up well also take clothing donations 
 @namastedance13 im pretty sure this is the first time someone attempted to smoke up there tbh
 you didnt know that citizen kane smoked rosebud he had a grow room in his creepy mansion fakenews 
 coffee amp weed. painting all day  no screen printing  no graphic design  no web design  no answering clients calls. a much needed day 4 art.
 hey guys did you know if you leave your bud tender a 5 star review on weedmaps you get a free gram with your low donation 
 @dilantabs snoop was just tryna find his bag of weed the entire time lol
 @iamtrae6 she was gone blow my high and that was gone be a waste of weed 
 @badfuckingword i only smoke og meth 
 i can out smoke you. og
 and furthermore susan  i wouldnt be the least bit surprised to learn that all 4 of them habitually smoked marijuana cigarettes... reefers
 im the scary smoker  
 anyone tryna smoke
 i can finally smoke outside without freezing to death
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 my ipe prof asked my class if we smoked weed  then told us it was on his bucket list to smoke and then asked what the price range for pot
 white weed dealers customer service so good chik fil a could take notes
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 lol someone at work stole my full pack of smokes and im too poor to get more thanks universe
 @matthewcpinsent putin thing was a smokescreen. assange said the emails were insider leaks  not hacks. trumps his own man for betterworse.
 whos tryna smoke and go to valley
 now that i have my own little place i can have girl time and we can smoke and drink wine 
 so yes  a very small amount of cannabis pulled me out of a very dangerous dive  now im calmer and not berating myself.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 texting with my mom about having anxiety and she replies do you have any weed hahaha that was all i needed to feel better 
 oh hey there smokey. i knew i recognized that face. 
 girl in my history class do you just smoke right outside the door and walk into class after me nah also mewa 
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter garden  fl 
 wordplay is now on thursdays in fort worth 1912 hemphill st free before 9pm 5 after for more 
 hemp lol nope. theres no way im allergic to hemp. i wouldnt been dead already.
 take some weed for myself home you da real mvp  get high off a little bit of weed you real too.
 the wink in weed woodstock nation goes to pot  via @mjheadlinenews
 joints waste weed 
 im at one stop smoke shop 
 over 100 a week off graphics alone  thats my weed money
 @loveudara its not that funny geez it was just a little bit of smoke
 @sethrogen @anthonycumia of course they are. now  take off the tim foil hat  put down the weed  and try independent thought for once.
 mission. find some weed. smoke doley
 my mom found some weed in my room and asked me what i was gonna do with it.... smoke it duh tryna match 
 little smokey  little floral  drinking a smore money  smore problems @ hot shots family entertainment center  
 i drink   i smoke   i go out . but i also go to school full time and work full time sooooo im straight . thanks for checking up on me tho 
 when she found out i smoked  it was over  i was hella baked too  
 @mudcat55 @dsmithshow god you guys made average baseball so damn entertaining to watch. you amp don are phenomenal as well  not blowing smoke.
 new maricopa sheriff says marijuana grow operation found on property of home that burned this morning 
 colorado didnt generate near as much tax revenue as they thought from legal mj due to illegal marijuana sales in 2 
 @pliffs i saw at least 3  as well as a few im gonna smoke a super bowl jokes
  i was tryna smoke and play 
 when your average weed from work tests at 35 thc  @thchealth  
 i found a bag of weed in chipotle and rolled the dice and smoked it. mystery weed. nicole stauffer is my fucking president.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 when they found out that you smoke now 
 @maffhew every morning first thing i do  straight outta bed to smoke a square
 but id this not the same exact issue that rec marijuana is facing now its still illegal federally but states hav 
 cant wait for it to be nice outside at night so i can sit out  look at the stars and smoke a j
 @bcandcsmemaw lots of good smoke and even and some fire.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 nope  we just smoke k2 fuck weed 
 smokin on reefer  og reekin
 when the weedman gives you a little more than you asked for 
 do i really want to stand outside in the cold amp smoke a cig
 well if ndog gave a fuck aboutta bitch id always be broke id never have no mothafuckin endo to smoke 
 so the main building fire alarm has been going off for 15 minutes now. no smoke  just confused neighbors and firem 
 and people say legalizing marijuana is ok because it has no long term effect on cognitive and judgement abilities. 
 that bit was smoked out when they walked in there all i could do is laugh
 blowin that smoke on a saturday night a little messed up  but were all alright
 the urge to smoke is just getting stronger and stronger
 evidently will take much weed to smash my ego for the night.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke nowww
 need to smoke but its too cold 
 when you accidentally set off the smoke alarm in your building by lighting a candle and everyone is outside in the rain besides you 
 any thoughts on this allnatural weed management naturecide has lots in store for 2017 
 any thoughts on this allnatural weed management naturecide has lots in store for 2017  
 im about to smoke reclaim and only feel a little bad about it
 my room is full of the smoke my room is full of pretty bitches
 buddabox  roll one  this little smoker is right the video seems a little blurry for some 
 im tryna smoke blood
 i rather smoke alone i be on that bs
 i need a job working with cannabis  im talking 24 a hr jack
 holy smokes trumps trolling remsm working. @jaketapper tweeting about 15 000 ppl hanged in syria  scaring crap out of ppl uspoli
 ask any ol barstool in this town ask my new found party crowd sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 take the weed n leave the money
 maybe my astronomy prof shouldnt leave youtube playing in the background cause it automatically just started playing a weed harvest vid...
 3 grams in my backwood just so i could smoke good
 usa must get in the sunrace or we will coke on the smoke and burn to ash. 
 aint no smoggy smoke on rockytop...but there sure is a lot of fog... 
 its not just marijuana. our youth who use marijuana are more likely to use other substances than youth who do no 
 deff thought he was putting weed onna sandwich 
 @norahodonnell @cbsthismorning   is this okay with everyone holy smokes putin stole our democracy. wheres the hair on fire
 how hot do i like my showers  you ask hot enough that the steam sets off the smoke alarm.
 @jimnorton @notsam @jimandsamshow l ron was a smoker
 id rather smoke a blunt and be alone 
 im the livin proof that you dont need a masters just to be a masterpiece people passin faster than im passin weed
 man im not tryna smoke in this rain 
 @cdingil @realdonaldtrump when was the last time that russia did wheres the evidence all smoke from the left.
 take your vacation days take your lunch take your smoke breaks even if you dont smoke take it all.
 sure i take a more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 ive been wanting to get the other side of my ribs done...........but iont want no smoke
 one of my techs made a mistake and that mistake cost me my bonus and im certain you can see smoke come from my head rn
 @lifeasstoner @giassporn turn hate into actionwe will change things. cannabiswellness
 why do little kids have to come to the park im tryna smoke
 @cptdanreynolds @spetraeus typhus also has no smoke and no frag grenades. weak. @jdredlegs
 @betsydevos @usedgov smoke a dick 
 @alexacassese what i wouldnt give to smoke one more blunt in that little room
 much needed smoke break before class.
 who not at school tryna smoke 
 theres no longevity living off negativity  fuck it  id rather sell reefer than do pizza delivery  thats how the 
 im at city of weed in weed  ca 
 @gwatsky enjoying all that legal weed
 all i want in life is to sit down with jack nicholson once a week  drink some scotch  and smoke a cigar
 ask any ol barstool in this town ask my new found party crowd sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 a cudi with weed is a cudi indeed
 our gorgeous  talented chef  @keirafae of ambrosia collective and the cannabis pot  made sure 
 i smoked a blunt for dinner  another blunt for breakfast  twwwwo chaaaaiinnzzz
 needed something different. @ the dunedin smokehouse  @thedsmokehouse in dunedin  fl 
 all this weed i smoke all the money i make all this music i listen to. its all cooler than that fuckboyshit your man put you on
 screw weed  this is why id go to colorado 
 id rather be ya nigga so we could drunk and smoke weed all day
 @jmv1070 clayton anderson opening up for dmb at ims would be the worlds biggest smoke show
 breakfast and then weed
 @maxinewaters kookoo must have smoked too much weed man @potus americafirst maga
 fantastic pair of wicker waterfall side tables with smoke glass tops. now in the warehouse 
 @partythieves yoo you tryna smoke a blunt tn before your set
 this aint the 70s amp 80s no more weed is perfectly fine to smoke if you ask me .
 like a collage of weed 
 @governortomwolf gov wolf legalizes marijuana amp r youth in er in hospital bc of it 
 its too pretty outside not to smoke on this beautiful day
 who tryna smoke
 my phone just randomly started beeping as loud as a smoke detector... i threw it and ran cuz i thought it was gonna blow up
 life would be better if joel didnt smoke dirty menthols.
 the wholesale price of marijuana dropped by half in 2016. so the cost is low if you want to get high 
 whoo the fuck has weed
 @davidyankovich @darvan @abc smoke bombs wban terror attacks no one looking at everything else. no aide4ukraine russia going 4 poland next
 @realdonaldtrump  if we had term limits that weed out lazy asses but now we have to vote the deadbeats outdont need a collage grad to gov
 @colinlalley toke up 420 lmao  marijuana expert
 @lisettee18 smoke shop by babas
 wordplay is now on thursdays in fort worth 1912 hemphill st free before 9pm 5 after for more 
 ohhhhh. the mental gymnastics  indeed. full racism on display. no smoke n mirrors. this is so ominous.
 wordplay is now on thursdays in fort worth 1912 hemphill st free before 9pm 5 after for more 
 @thesethhughes bet its a pain in the ass to lug that outside to go smoke.
 rather smoke with my grandma
 remember when sophomore year me use to smoke camel crush and american spirits lmaooo
 @qmacc the definition of a nigga you smoke with amp smash   amp remain cordial 
 i would much rather hot air come through the fucking heat vent then the scent of weed. 
 so @rstanley21 just set the smoke alarms off and set a pan on fire so theres that
 spits  its nice out  who tryna smoke some fuckin loud
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 @mvendituoli @fomccleary fire on the murch at bernadine street fully involved  heavy smoke showing. defensive only. fayettevillenc
 @historyinflicks @facepaulmrevere al wants american smokes no raleighs  boots  or faros. 
 whoever decided to smoke pot in delaney  you are not hiding it very well.
 im tryna smoke man 
 congratulations to beautyschoolbaby  tanisha allen the first graduate of smoke and mirrors 
 money  weed amp a fresh full set  
 i just found weed in my belly button
 take note smokers... 50 would rather lick dogs bum hole than kiss your stanky cig breath. not sure what other evi 
 after losing classmate in fire  nashville school gives out smoke detectors 
 my uber driver tryna sell me a weed vaporizer lmao
 under the stars we can vibe  we can meditate bringin water  marijuana  we can medicate so dont you hesitate. why d 
 i want a man with a good job or nice career going on  someone thatll smoke with me  and take me out to dinner every week 
 take the weed amp leave the money ..... take the wattttttt amp leave the watttttt 
 @momsykris @themotleyfool these are so bad for the smokers health please someone advise jaejoong jejung @bornfreeonekiss @kkjj4
 when someone in the house is smoking weed.... must be nice.
 tryna smoke
 literally almost shit bricks bc my mom left the stove on and theres smoke all over my house
 i need to salvage the rest of my weed and clean my room to find inner peace
 whos tryna sit outside somewhere and smoke a blunt  i need to take advantage of this weather
 im fried right now this weed too fire lol
 when i read edible i thought it was weed cookie dough  
 lord help me cuz i need you. i know this weed is burning amp im on drink number 2 but its all to soothe the pain from this cold  cold world
 @cnnbrk attention.. high school athletes that fear competing schools athletes will take your spot from college teams slots...blow smoke
 @cnnbrk and 911 after the calls go out about these underage girls.. they r slutz but they can still call cops and make press and the smoke
 @cnnbrk inside the dumb white boys of big bodies..well that smoke will be there for the blood and urine tests.. and the rest is his story..
 the irony of when i was in college full time i had 2 jobs sold weed to now with a meaningless degree amp selling my body via cam loooloolool
 @bigdawgjayy  spend all they smoke on them hoes gotta tax or cant reup 
 @notoenergyeast pple that abuse substances going 2 regardless unfortunately  but the weed discrimination so stupid. i was a terror when i
 ask any ol barstool in this town ask my new found party crowd sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now 
 prolly smoke one in a bit
 if i see one more weed man shirt at this school im setting all of the clocks to 420 permanently
 my grandma was a thot for smokey robinson 
 fire at madsen roofing on martin way  in lacy. lots of smoke and flames .@q13fox 
 where the kush smoke via @vickal   what u lookin fuh
 @vickal you aint tryna smoke no dope fr
 made a deal with taylor that if i made breakfast shed smoke with mee.  such a babe.  @taaay24
 nooooooooooooo dont take the weed 
 better be talking about in mexico. leave weed alone. 
 your weed sucks anyway id rather be sober.
 boulder  co  district attorney stan garnett will be part of a group of prosecutors advising the trump administration on marijuana policy.
 playing the beach boys in february just reminds me its cold as hell because i live in iowa  not california  also explains weed being illegal
 champagne  cocaine  gasoline and most things in between i roam the city in a shopping cart a pack of camels and a smoke alarm @brendonurie
 who tryna smoke
 im trying to go smoke outside and my mom got all these people here working on the house 
 @redsteeze @jasonintheh the lib smoke screen these people not rational pinhead all
 whoever broke into my car  stole the 2.50 in change and the .2 of weed that i had in the center console  i hope you needed it more than me
 ball was smoked to left  
 its smoke outside weatherrr
 for this weeks edition of weird stuff i have in my car...2 loaves of bread  4 dry erase boards  a small dinner plate  2 smoke detectors
 one of my old teachers def just stuffed their head into their bag and im pretty sure they were checking to see f it smelled like weed
 i remember when weed was like underground hip hop ... it was hard to get and it was good all the time
 valentines day suggestions for weed lovers  via @seattleweekly valentinesday weed cannabis strains sativa thc
 my plug gay oh well at least my weed fire 
 im tryna pass time until the weedman get here
 presser with jd amp @bannyrooster28 after @rangers announcement of partnership with lockhart smokehouse @kdfwsports 
 when the times square station is full of smoke....
 im sure this will be all smoke and mirrors as well . feed this poor little mans fagile ego only 
 really txlege has issues more important than this. med. cannabis sense of urgency texas patients are desperate 
 lil brown smoke shack  store will be closed today at noon due to winter weather drivethru will remain open until 
 @snobmarie lmao im the scary smoker
 im super congested but someone reeks of weed and im just wondering how strong it must be to the rest of the class tbh
 great day to sit outside and smoke up 
 bouta be a nice little smoke session at my house 
 theres weed in my unicorn
 lol im too lazy to tan by my pool so i just smoke with my shirt off when i go outside 
 id rather walk from the east coast to the west coast than spend another minute in a smokers car.
 its odd really that rep. applebaum wants to legalize weed  but is opposed to sunday sales.   makes you shake your head...duuuuuude
 iot is saving lives through healthcare technologies and even smoke detectors. learn more about this incoming tech 
 remember how trump voters loved their aca healthcare only to see it on the chopping block they like their legal weed too. sad sessions
 our new wall mounted posters celebrating lgbtq and cannabis liberation history went up today 
 shame none of them can read english much less smoke.signals. 
 like if i smoked  id be on my way to smoke a fat one or if i had 
 i remember watching weeds when i was in middle school thinking  ew im never gonna do that but here i am lol
 @thenardvark @theobamanista christopher hitchens smoked and drank too  damned sure hed hate bannon.
 i smoke too much i be outta breath when i go up some stairs
 i smoke more than a magic show
 @kaylai @rangefront there are certainly some places for it the point of my lecture was to weed out pervasive unnecessary use.
 just one room of one unit was burned but smoke spread to several others. firefighters are ventilating it now. red cross assisting residents.
 im at hog heaven smokehouse in winter haven  fl 
 once i found out he smoked  it was pretty much a done deal from there.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 currently tryna finesse me a smoke out 
 always tryna smoke
 perfect weather to smoke blunts outside
 jeff sessions  thought the kkk was cool until he found out they smoked weed.
 i smoked him out and were currently eating popeyes hahaha
  @ rustys smoke shop 
 why the weed shop so packed today
 little bit of both but... i rather smoke  
 pretty sure i done smoke a few zips in the past 2months
 i think sessions will leave weed alone. but if i were involved in heroinoxy distribution  etc..  id switch up to plan b for a while.
 the weather isnt stopping councilwoman @angeliqueashby parks leadership academy for youth play. well be weeding 
 ave maria argentum morning star. smoke of the night. winter has been hell on all my humidors. 
 so is groveland the place that you leave after the first beer to smoke a blunt with a stranger then leave with one togo
 sure i pour a little more jack in my coke now. a little more high and when i smoke now.
 @mdance86 @bjrains @keleka24 @chaseglorfield i think there was obviously smoke. but can we determine the source of fire i dont think so.
 relax and take notes  while i take tokes of the marijuana smoke 
 relax and take notes  while i take tokes of the marijuana smoke 
 relax and take notes  while i take tokes of the marijuana smoke 
 @drcmgreer on @allinwithchris were at the mercy of trumps whims  his tweets  his holy ineptness. hes lost. hes a ball in high weeds.
 @daniellebatesss @allymalo im just singin girl i dont smoke 
 fuck sterling he killed my kousin ova a qtr or weed   fuck ya boy an what you stand for  restinpeacemonte
 all i really want rn is weed  cuddles  head and equal human rights.
 this weed shit be slowin me down
 what is the normal amount of times to set off the smoke detector while cooking a blue apron meal just...curious.
 new ralph lauren shirt came with 3 spare buttons. put that in your shirt... and smoke it.
 itll take some berry cookies from @thegreendoorsf for me frassed  foh with that block weed 
 who tryna smoke some for some food
 @kevinnr thoughts on the smoke screen the @gop is using with their constituents regarding repealandreplace of aca 
 @dougiesean15 update he just set off the smoke detector in his room  by vaping. this guy is a damn legend.
 so my dad finds this little container in the kitchen  gives it to me and says here  so you can actually hide your weed .. uhm bye dad
 flight delayed 1.5 hours  sit on tarmac 45 minutes  test engines smoke blows by window..now take off fingerscrossed @delta scary boodelta
 whom tryna smoke
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smoke
 they just searched me and i got 4 bags of weed on mesomebody watching over me
 i want my own greenhouse full of marijuana  goals
 drink a little drink  smoke a little smoke @crich288651
 finna smoke and murder this pizza....
 and we all know the smoke alarm doesnt go off when the house is on fire.
 and we all know the smoke alarm doesnt go off when the house is on fire.
 its the weed number 
 bron dont want no smoke with og oakley 
 so im tryna find a plug and all mine sleep i decided to call numbers hoping someone had weed
 ask any ol barstool in this town ask my new found party crowd sure i take more jack in my coke now a lil more high in my smoke now
 im just tryna smoke
 who tryna smoke in the morning
 @jeffpassan @abc30 hes a weird dude. straight edge. needs to drink beers and smoke weed to mellow out. weedsaveslives @realdonaldtrump
 @prichardfish im tryna smoke my weed man 
 if i gave a fuck about a bitch  id always be broke id never have no mothafuckin indo to smoke
 i have the tendency to blow smoke up peoples asses hahaha be grateful
 neck gone be cold real soon  while my weed fire like a fever.
 charles oakley smacked shaq amp shaq went after brad miller nobody wanted smoke w oakley
 @trendingasshole i am determined to go down those fucking rocks once and for all.  and smoke a nice bleezy
 @belindamarie yeah ima tell my boss rn that id rather smoke right now lol
 where there is smoke there is fire.
 trump should spend half the time praying to root out inner weeds as he does rooting out others not agreeing with hi 
 @chriscuomo trump is not going to say anything  this is just a smoke screen from gorsuch
 i tried to smoke a blunt yesterday amp it was so nasty i didnt even finish it i guess my time has finally come to leave that shit alone
 @fred4three its a weight supplement powder  my dad uses it. you would have to head weed up for it to have any effect.
 @fred4three that too  but if you put grinded up weed in something you would have to bake it first for it to really do anything
 ampamp smoke good weed b 
 @cspanwj @qz i was on 300mgs daily morphine before medical cannabis. today  i take no big pharma. and  its a beautiful life.  i am 67.
 @kfcbarstool @patrickclaybon i havent clicked on a smokeshow link in a long time. id rather see @barstoolbigcat pee his pants.
 @atlhawks hawks smoke the nuggets hawksheadline
 whats that in your urine oh thats marijuana seed.
 just another smoke screen. bait and switch. go look at the interview again. fakepresident 
 just another example of smoke screen and bait and switch. @newday go look at the interview again. fakepresident 
 should i smoke now or hold off for a little later 
 trump should spend half the time praying to root out his  own inner weeds rather than rooting out people who disagree with him
 @jaketurx trump should spend half the time praying to root out his  own inner weeds rather than rooting out people who disagree with him
 @cnnpolitics trump should spend half the time praying to root out his  own inner weeds rather than rooting out people who disagree with him
 @hillarynews trump should spend half the time praying to root out his  own inner weeds rather than rooting out people who disagree with him
 @hillarynews trump should spend half the time praying to root out his  own inner weeds rather than rooting out people who disagree with him
 me to but i have nowhere to smoke 
 @jacquemarie525 just have them trade marijuana politics with the warmer weather states and im perfectly fine with that  lol
 havent talked to this girl more than 15 minutes already found the way to my heart. offered me some jack  smoke  snacks and dinner blessed
 holy smokes its cold minus14degrees brrr iwantsummerback icefishing icearmor cold @ lake 
 anna smokes weed for breakfast 
 @wemarchbahamas decriminalize possession of small amounts of marijuana. conflict resolution in schools. life senten 
 who tryna smoke 
 @kevinlaceyctf @ctrtrt  the liberals lied feb 1 liberals raised taxes on smokes. also they are raising property tax
 got my weed amp coffee im set for today
 dont mind me  just have a little bit of a weed hangover 
 whenever i get @elmoresmith smokehouse it instantly reminds me of @theqarena defendtheland
 maaahhaahahaa @senwarren your time is up u are a phony a sham we are so happy watching you smoke  then soon shr 
 nordstrom rack cologne  a mothers disappointment  and overpriced weed purchased with lawsuit money after pretendin 
 shower  smoke  eat  read a little  then zzzzzzs
 at 341 am  2 sw weed siskiyou co  ca mesonet reports nontstm wnd gst of m51 mph mfr 
 at 303 am  12 ne weed siskiyou co  ca mesonet reports nontstm wnd gst of m59 mph mfr 
 found my way upstairs and had a smoke  somebody spoke and i went into a dream
 platinum og kush gas  cstat smoke shop
 i leave school and smoke with nadia  everyday 
 some weed and physical contact is much needed
 beyond all the coverage of trumps craziness his team is changing things behind the scenes its all smoke and mirrors scary times in 
 watching harrypotter deathlyhallows pt.2 also about to smoke some fire weed marijuana kush puff  pass   that    nakai 
 @dmaca1961 your suggestion to legalizeregulate cannabis makes sense. i ask you to please discuss this with @potus when you meet.
 i roll weed on your album 
 willing to bet that adelson presses trump hard to shut down legal marijuana markets 
 who tryna smoke
 study finds thirdhand smoke affects weight  blood cells  via @upi
 sit on me as we smoke this bwood ma
 colorado marijuana sales  licenses increase in the first half of 2016  via @denverwestword colorado money weed
 my rental van reeked of weed and the radio was set to the christian station.
 and there goes the smoke detector alarm. 
 they done opened a smoke shop next to lil ceasers nshit
 some fuck nigga opebed their door and smoked the side of my car and left a dent. im fucking livid.
 when your state legalizes weed 
 nice seeing people smoke weed at little ceasars
 going outside to smoke is my biggest regret right now i was outside for 5seconds and i got frost bite
 holy smokes so... honey nut cheerios with very little 2 reduced fat milk  about 32 oz of 
 your name art and sound is so nice that it just stands out in the this terrible movie. they were more focused on smoke and mirrors
 im really just tryna sit here and smoke.
 @amberrachelle for sure we can smoke or something
 they selling weed on public transportation must be nice  @cta
 if trump ends up legalizing weed everyone would like him a little bit more 
 wish all my shirts were 100 hemp.. california grown would be nice too were getting closer and 
 u believe the sincerity of chaffetz this is smoke he has decided to use a little vasoline the repubs m.o 
 @kampeas @laurasgoldman trump should spend 12  time pray to root out his own inner weeds rather than rooting out p 
 @kevinolearytv @amlozyk liberal stupidity runs deep  trudeau will use the weed go to and all will be forgiven.
 welcome to new york @kwri @ north hempstead  new york 
 anyone tryna smoke sum beezys tonight
 to be perfectly clear  go buy ivankas stuff is a smoke screen to divert attention away from the same violation t 
 i found weed on the ground
 why did this quote make me think of weed. not sure why tho.   gethigh stayhigh fucksober stonerlife neverstop 
 light it up smoke shop snapbacks @ ocs premier smoke shops 
 Sacramento: CA
 tbt never forget walkin central ave for a rollup to smoke outside in 20 degree weather alwaysmybrother 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 its far to cold to smoke outside i aint doin it
 im tryna smoke 
 wen u smoke too much hay 
 am i allowed to donate blood if i smoke weed a lot....
 thread. important  dont let the administration smoke screen you. 
 padron50thanniversary @ little havana cigar amp smoke shop 
 @vp @westpointusma there is a metaphor in the screen image above of the real people below. for this administration is smoke and mirrors.
 if he smokes marlboro reds...nut honestly
 @jsiglernfl vote for me  recreational marijuana nation wide.
 id rather smoke outta water bottle than a joint bro. unless that shit fat and rolled good asf i hate them hoes. takes 3 just to get high
 sip a little jack  maybe smoke a little dro. love ya from behind but i hate to see ya go.
 a little more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 who tryna smoke
 @daretoreagan @jeanvaljameis @jond sure  lets make it a weedcigar bar and well be the gspot  no doubt.
 where theres smoke  theres fire. 
 who tryna smoke when i get off.
 i remember how much fucking city space there was in chicago  oh my goodness... id like to go back  but with marijuana this time 
 we tie dyed and smoked weed outside today and now were cooking dinner together and doing dabs lol
 hahaha @mikepencevp your team gets smoked in bloomington by boilers rivalryweek purvsiu
 lol at first i thought it was a picture of smoke and i thought you meant weed  but then i realized it was you and 
 nope ...  fool me once  or twice  or three times with tedtechnobullshit ...  cant be fooled any longer by that smoke and mirrors crap.
 much needed smoke sesh w my bff 
 this little fuck is about to get smoked tuckercarlsontonight
 @alicetweet @tuckercarlson @foxnews @cnn tucker just smoked this dweeb ex dir from human rights watch a pure bitch slapping event
 im tryna smoke a eighth with some live resin
 have som coke have some weed
 @timoflegend we stop people from sitting in puke for several stops. one dude thanks us profusely  sits down  takes out a giant bag of weed.
 just tucking started a fire alarm in room for trying to smoke a fucking bowl like no prob
 wtf the lights keep going out at the smoke shop  i hate this weather
 ade i wish you was here so you can tell me how much of a nut i am while we smoke or drink one...
 i remember once when i was a kid i was approached by two dudes trying to sell me weed and i was legitimately frightened lmao
 who is tryna smoke 
 everybody that promised me a head buss the first time i decide to smoke better run me my shit when im ready lmaoooo
 all i spend my money on is food amp weed. but hey at least im high and full 
 i turn into the incredible hulk  when i cant smoke smh.... im tryna do better
 make sure to check out ngaios show on cannabis radio. its a bag of awesome 
 thought this was ab weed edibles  
 i swear i rather smoke by myself its more relaxing 
 ignitesmokeshop @ ignite smoke shop 
 @miguelbibanco the story of how i discovered marijuana is a charming one
 @itstravie710 you a bit older. and im pretty sure i put smoke you anyways
 how the fuck are you gonna tell me i got be alone with my niece or nephew because i got caught with a little bit of marijuana suckadick
 readytogo evacuate not much smoke now but still prepared. ash falling from the sky longmont fire nelsonroad 
 side note i just asked for granola bars and he said hes broke then invests 1000 on weed stocks 
 theres a guy in this tsa line wearing an innout shirt and someone else who smells like weed. im definitely back in california.
 @petermulvey43 @anidifranco @kickstarter you asked my mom back then at skippers smokehouse in tampa fl if i could go on the road with you
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in tampa  fl 
 only set the smoke detector off in my apt. 4 times.... cantwaittoopen rockawaybeach 
 fire in burlington. heavy smoke coming from office building on north service rd west of burloak. 
 parks on other side of shadow while waiting for peighton so i can smoke
 i dont hate tv but its pretty boring. id rather smoke
 its fuckin nice out whos tryna chill smoke some loud you feel me 
 71 degrees outside aka the best weather to smoke weed in
 a lil more jack in my coke... a lil more high in my smoke....  singlelife
 could never go wrong with a little bit of weed
 tryna smoke with me with no money oh nooo
 i need to smoke rq
 you tryna smoke 
 fat jacks on roosevelt blvd. is offering a reward if a 30 000 smoker is returned @fox29philly 
 @modestopolice im sure theres something better to do today than watch me smoke this loud pack smileyouroncamera lm 
 heres my blog re washington state  and how they set up their cannabis system proper planning proves prudent 
 @andreakbravo heat and smoke ...
 @mzhemingway @hansfiene they do....but you have to order weed to also get the breakfast burritos
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today @ hempfest 
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today bubbler 
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today female 
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today female 
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today female 
 i just witnessed a lady drop her weed and a man chased her to give it back
 as smoke thickens around team trumps suspicious connections to putin amp the lifting of sanctions  gop insists there is no fire. flynngate
 barrie fire on scene of a address on dunlop st near fred grant sq   alarm call   smell of smoke   delays in area 
 all bitches wana do is smoke amp eat   im way past that im tryna take trips 
 forget smoke  where theres fire  theres fire.  
 she was smokin hot  a whiskey shot of cherry coke. sparks went flyin everytime i smell smoke
  @ weedsport  new york 
 who tryna smoke these dutches w me
 sure i take more jack in my coke now and a little more high in my smoke now
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today female 
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today female 
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today female 
 yall i almost ran off the road just now amp i was lookin dead at it  wtf was in that weed 
 hahaha adrian kept kims weed then she asked me if she left it in the car and he didnt wanna lie to her  
 cacc goes 123. weed into pitch top of 7.
 sure ill take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 summerville fire amp rescue is conducting a smoke detector blitz tomorrow in conjunction with the american red cross.  
 id recreation the fuck out of weed
 should i put more jack in my coke now  a lil more high in my smoke now
 who tryna smoke
 @woodymadness i was about 4 yrs old. my dad was going to take me out into a blizzard because he needed smokes. he had me bundled up and he..
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in coral springs  fl 
 fire alarm at uh midtown 8th amp spring. smelt smoke on 12th floor  burned popcorn evac in progress.
 so aint no one tryna smoke cool
 @filmladd   my 20th year was bad ...  i see this in shia ...  he needs to spend a few weeks in colorado  smoke weed  meditate
 asian bitch at the smoke shop tryna id me for a fuckin bic this is an outrage i am calling the better business bureau
 @nwskeywest @weathernation @stormhour @trentarictv @traceywx @seanwthr @metcooper @bcarp01 smokey sunset amp full 
 who tryna smoke
 i smoke alone all the time 
 a little smokey and slight maple. could go for a little more coffee... beer for breakfast  photo
 what are your priorities for revenue generated by 2016s commercial cannabis tax 1st meeting is march 2 humco2018 
 hadta quit weed cause my mind gets a little thc and starts putting too many of the universes twos together.
 this weekend is about 2 b nonstop free art reception @city hall  r.kelly concert  smokey robinson show. go explor 
 damnit right when i went to screen shot there was 1420 angry weed haters it switched to 1421. get it guys cuz 420 i 
 as the weeds are pulled up and burned in the fire  so it will be at the end of the age. 
 finding weed in your car gtgtgt lit
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today female 
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today female 
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today female 
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today female 
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today female 
 remember. this is all smoke screen to distract from russian connection. 
 if you smoke and you post on your snap story  make sure you inhale you look ridiculous
 anyone tryna smoke
 almost a bit of smoke...good stuff txbeer craftbeer beerandfood... saba copper alt 
 its to cold outside. to smoke a cigarette.
 drink the madness  smoke so coy. smile injection  serum of a will destroyed. missdollfacexx thenephilim afi 
 there is no better trip than winter wastes traversed  the dead of night  a pack of smokes listening to cranks on coast to coast w art bell
 @angiekay500 @het32000 @patriot18d im popping smoke amp going oscar mike heartbreak ridge w @clinteastwoodla is ready to play
 i like to play my music and have good times  ill take a little smoke and a lotta wineeee
 no shutout for kulbakov. jake durflinger smokes a slap shot off a faceoff.
 its tooo cold to smoke outside.  
 was suffering from killer cramps so i used thc menthol salve and it is working wonders cannabis will change the world 
 ...make american great again...by singing smokey robinson songs...  ...bipartisan karaoke...  samuel l. jackson  pbsgershwin
 fuentefriday with the arturo fuente king b @ dd amp company inc.  smokes lounge 
 all gains now in full reverse. stand by to resist trump health secretary ignores marijuana questions  via @massroots
 im tryna smoke
 sjr19 new possession amp personal use of marijuana  ca 
 lowkey not tryna smoke alone  tryna enjoy this dope with a gook
 we go together like fire and weed.
 my friday nights consist of dinner  weed  and always an endless supply of munchies. thanks caleb 
 dont remember what i did with the rest of my weed.....
 the thing i love about houston the most id you can smoke inside.
 meyer to a group of asians outside of a party youre not helping the stereotype that all asians smoke 
 we mature first athletes mature at the mind if you aint knowing athletes cant smoke thc
 with yall thc weed
 id rather smoke than drink  but its illegal.
 aye woe you tryna make some cover art for me ill come smoke you out
 if you aint tryna smoke then im good off you
 so our fire extinguisher went off tonight and so much smoke was coming off that the security guard thought we were smoking something
 @foxnews i will take the apprentence over the likes of alderman any day of the week. he should go how and smoke another joint
 if i could smoke id never leave my room.
 that last hit outta my bong was filled  out beer and weed 
 i literally feel like a crack head when im drunk. id rather smoke.
 who tryna smoke
 nice little 800mile day on the road today. holy smokes.
 i would rather use smoke signals to communicate than this android
 @ellegross hahaha i was about to say marijuanas
 had a badass workout   chill ass smoke sesh amp about to take a well deserve  much needed nap . 
 its 3 am and im tryna smoke
 got 3 dollars and a hand full of weed tonight
 so yeah jesus come on really  hot boxing until you passout from weed thats a little bit over done.
 but aliens you are banned from weed  for we are humans the soldiers  you didnt work for it  thus only if humans hand it over.
 @gregabbotttx @foxnews what a load of crap. @potus blew smoke up everyones ass make mexico pay for it
 come smoke something today ot 
 with a little bit of crack  little bit of dope  little bit of smoke  little coke  little weed  when they on them pills
 waking up at 7 today to make sure all of zachs clothes are cleaned  take a shower  make a cup off coffee for him  a smoke  and a bowl 
 happiness is finding weed in your purse after you thought there was none left
 i need to go to the smoke shop today
 breakfast of champions. smoke and a red bull. bring it on world 
 ive considered a goatlawn mower. one with fiber to use to knit winter socks. may be more trouble than the weeds t 
 thats not no gas so she can waste that fu ass weed 
 rather smoke some waxxx
 menthol ultra lights fuckin kidding me i smoke full flavor non menthol how more fucked can my day get
 been stuck at work with these menthol ultra lights fuckin kidding me i smoke full flavor non menthol rip
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in carrollwood  fl 
 if she smokes squares  shes sus
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now 
 a little weed would help 
 @juggalotus209 first crush growin up erick... goddamn did you smoke urself dumb p
 when ppls geeked up asses would leave weed at my exs house he used to just give it to me  then complain that i smoke too much
 id rather just smoke a blunt amp chill
 when i die  press my ashes into a smokey eyeshadow pallette.
 @lnoel1226 @juggalotus209 the dinosaurs has a anti weed episode haha its called a new leaf
 did you ask him if hes was high on cannabis  
 another excellent smoker night full of singing  drinking  eating frozen taquitos and the best friends imaginable 
 another smoke alarm battery is going dead. positive its during the day this time.  
 @cher your song holy smokes was made for trump f him
 who sells weed in the lil havana area 
 @liqueurrrr prolly taste like weed  coke and jack
 i was blaring marijuana by kid cudi amp my dad came into my room laughing amp told me to turn it down a little bit im weak
 i hate my fucking medz  make me feel nauseous in the morning. i need 2 get my medal marijuana card better. healthier than these side effects
 i just tryna smoke some blunts and rub on some booty
 there was a fire near my house today.wondering if it was just a fire or lizwarren sending smoke signals. elizabethwarren fakenewsmedia
 if any of you see a fire take a picture and send it to elizabethwarren and ask her what is the smoke saying. @anncoulter @debbieschlussel
 someone tryna smoke b.. 
 @cp24 i wonder what was in the warehouse eh ..smells that smoke...
 @redcrosssc @redcross @loupalm60 easternscchapter saturday   miniblitz 10  and 35 life saving smoke installed.  are safe.
 ciggy smokers love a camel crush pack 
 @redcrosssc @loupalm60 @redcross easternscchapter saturday  miniblitz. 10  and 35 smoke alarms installed.  are now safe.
 im on ganja. @yslduke
 @ashton5sos and most things in between. i roam the city in a shopping cart  a pack of camels and a smoke alarm
 maybe i was tryna smoke for free  
 he was an engineer student but then he found weed and decided to play music
 alls a smoke screen 2 block truth about russia amp trumps amp gopputins high treason collusion whostile foreign gov c 
 whos tryna smoke
 i smoke marijuana just to test it out. make sure its safe.  alex jones
 im just tryna smoke and get food
 signing up for the avon walk chicago @ old crow smokehouse river north in chicago  il 
 @leseanthomas i smoked some skywalker og yesterday and i know how grandad felt now.
 im an og and that og all i smoke
 good morning from @showgrowsa 1625 e. st. gertrude place santa ana  ca  92705 108pm monsat  117pm sun smoke 
 nothing like watching 2 guys smoke pot in the parking lot outside of a target in napa california in the middle of the day. weedcountry
 @fivethirtyeight smoke fills the kitchen  but grampa wanders aimlessly in the garden  looking for snails and quietly peeing himself.
 damn its a nice ass day to smoke a backwood outside
 @ruok1964 id smoke his ass
 twistblunt twist blunt glassblunt thc cannabis weedporn weed @ cherry smoke shop 
 no lie one of the side effects of weed is lack of sexual performance.
 @harharharmony thats the weed number
 relax and take notes  while i take totes on the marijuana smoke
 im tryna smoke
 the weed fairy stopped by our place  this morning kay found dabs under our couch 
 cant believe its been 40 yrs since smokey and the bandit. watching some familiar places on screen of georgia. watched it filmed in 1977.
 everybodylovesraymondbossiercity @ silver star smokehouse amp saloon 
 smoke weed amp chill...until ii gotta go set up for this fashion show. 
 @dmac1043 akili smith  weeden who elway wanted locker  gabbert  quinn  losman..further proof why waste a 1st round pick
 macedonia fd assisted with aerial truck and the twinsburg apt fire is now out. one person was treated for smoke inh 
 i use to do numbers with the reefer
 whos tryna smoke
 pass me that fire so i can light this reefer
 5 acre brush fire s of micanopy  contained  possible smoke on 441 near marion county line  smoke signs out  fhp monitoring
 how i get through many things. purging my thoughts  putting them on paper. weeding out the 
 @the25thhour312 nigga go outside and smoke a square in the middle of my haircut lol
 one jerk  two with my rub. and into the smoker. little applewood ought to set it right. 
 im tryna drink henny  smoke some hookah  and palm some fire latina ass tonight...
 who tryna smoke
 im def going to need to smoke after they leave
 poutine in berkeley californie. with family thebay smokespoutinerie @ smokes poutinerie 
 mine and rileys high asses lose the apple remote in or weed bag amp throw 20 in trash someone stop us
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 tryna smoke but no gank 
 im at smoke bbq in delray beach  fl  
 sisno way  u have to consume at least 1 500 pounds in 15 minutes for weed to be fatal.          mom get the fuck outta here.
 tryna smoke dicc and play smash.
 199 smoke detectors installed in 63 homes today fire smokedetectorblitz
 too many thoughts especially after i smoke 
 whoever thought smokehouse flavored almonds was a good idea was seriously disturbed. 
 little guy is helping save lives by testing smoke alarms tonight with @nationwidekids  
 im tryna smoke hella weed tonight. who down
 @jfodonnellfla @aholdenj @realdonaldtrump or is that marijuana
 he just sent me a pic of him at wholesale weed warehouse. im weary. wheres the rest of my money
 donthecon is in the weeds golfing with the bagman of russia naturally  putin would have been waayy too conspicuou 
 im at smokes poutinerie in berkeley  ca w @grifta67 
 nice smokey malt. every so often a little molasses shows up too.... mister stout  2017  photo
 got a little bit of weed enough for blunt smoke with me
 im tryna smoke lol
 tosh was the foremost proponent for the legalisation of weed.  iliketowatch
 who tryna smoke
 also also  people on this side of lewis ave smoke much better weed. bedstuy
 @natparkundrgrnd @realdonaldtrump hes in the weeds....again.
 played un the fire today. made some smoke tornados. so windy on a hill
 i agree with more tax money and less waste incarcerating weed smokers..but cmon...working at a weed shop is only sl 
 valentines day is approaching... just remember   lots of weed needed  no niggas needed
 the real benefit to us fl taxpayers comes from tax revenues and decreased incarcerationpolice weedrelated expen 
 homie thinks just because he left me a little bit of weed amp drove 40 minutes out his way i gotta be trippin bout him 
 today was amazing at the live burn we got to see a flashover and put out fires in a smokehouse 
 im at the strand smokehouse  @strandsmoke in astoria  ny  
 just tryna smoke
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now 
 he he hey there coolio kids you want to skidaddle outta here and go smoke the 420s 
 possible fire or smoke at university apartments at dwight and fulton  alarms sounding and residents evacuating 
 rose are red violets are blue  id rather smoke pot in bed than have to see you
 i need to find a weed expo to go to for 420
 im tryna smoke my head off 
 its almost midnight and i just set the smoke detector off while making quesadillas  i love myself
 maybe its the good weed @ new york  new york 
 im 90 sure this weed is 90 hair.
 whoo wants to smoke
 went into my first weed shop today just to stand there awkwardly while my boyfriend bought something.
 trump tomorrow morning   snl alecbaldwin   couldnt find smoke coming out his ears  
 chevys on switches smokin weed in it 
 im just tryna smoke a frago
 i think the lady from the smoke shop thought we were on crack 
 finna smoke this jayyyy solo..... born alone die alone head aaahhh
 i just back amp i was hoping to vape went to the smoke shop to get some cbd its was almost 40 for a little bottle 420 smokers i vape 
 who tryna smoke
 spoiler of the 7 found 2 dont believe in climate change  1 says 2nd hand smoke is totes cool amp another cant lis 
 sittin in a car  its 3 am  and i want a smoke
 all these geechie ass weedmans outhea be outta smokes at the same time
 rather smoke 
 about to smoke this backwood 
 joel 230 i will show wonders in the heavens and on the earth  blood and fire and billows of smoke.
 so valentines otw who tryna get smoked up and have they back blown to smithereens with food. 
 @xxxrachelroxxx id tashya salad on video for a pack of smokes 2 40oz budweiser and a 18 of sum kush id even burn one wya after lol
 im at silver star smokehouse and saloon in texarkana  tx 
 free ebook today  a hi larious marijuana mystery set in mendocino  ca. 
 @pottymouthbaker @boygiuly free ebook today  a hi larious marijuana mystery set in mendocino  ca. 
 @haley420 @boygiuly free ebook today  a hi larious marijuana mystery set in mendocino  ca. 
 see you all friday in daytonastill wondering who to root for with uncle smoke retiringur help would be greatly ap 
 was bout to make breakfast but i wanted to smoke 2
 @meetthepress make sure 2check the bathrooms for pat so he doesnt feel uncomfortable in dc repealhb2  or @least smoke  him up 2chill out
 is this your life cost more then a pack of smokes 
 yes i fuck u for an hr then i smoke it ooooofffffff
 its a pretty day to smoke outside
 a puntagorda tradition @ the smokehouse in punta gorda  fl 
 well my day starts out with the garage is full with smoke 
 going back to orlando later so if anybody was wondering.. or wanted smoke   you might wanna catch me before i leave
 @davidaxelrod  smoke and mirrors education  climate  every ism you can think of. all for 500b oil deal. matryoshka...
 @andrewzimmern heat cutting through the richness and smoke. very nice
 mouth full of smoke lmao 
 hahaha i thought you just said the only thing you did was smoke weed screwed yourself there 
 @usedgov is this a joke  holy smokes.
 @lordsmitteous grilled up some thick cut iowa chops yesterday and added a little pecan wood smoke. love went the weather cooperates
 great time yesterday at @miuracigars with an awesome group of botls enjoying some amazing smokes by @epcarrillo  
 im 100 certain id be a murder in prison if weed didnt exist.
 @koon2x they ass clucks literally they smoke outta anything
 @koon2x they tried to smoke out of plastic bottles im sittin ova here being a child of allah
 found cocaine in the restroom and about 7 bags of weed
 jesus christ i found a victorias secret bag full of weed looking for a flannel in my grandpas closet
 who tryna link  smoke  n get food
 anyone tryna smoke some pot
 when the homie ask if im tryna get smoked out 
 @esssssjayyy oh dang i was outside for a while freezing my ass of because ross needed a smoke lol
 time for a beer and a smoke. gurkha and corona.  the perfect 
 219p fire warning for portions of oklahoma city. smoke is visible from norman. okwx 
 only thing i allow to be smoked in my house is weed. take your damn cigar outside bro
 239p smoke plume from the ongoing fire extends over norman and much of mcclain co. okwx 
 i got some  fire ass plankton who tryna smoke 
 im just tryna cruise amp smoke with the top down
 tryna smoke my head off but this nigga on games.
 if i had no choice but to smoke outside all the time i would just quit... being cold isnt fun tbh
 theres a cute little gopher in my garden at least hes eating the weeds 
 the smell of smoke has filled the city of norman. okwx.
 the story behind brightons historic  demolished smokestack  
 every backwood smoked is equal to 5 days off your life.
 it sure looks like it just wait for the smoke to clear there put gas on the heat and its sure too flame. 
 @jdirtforever i wish it were free weed party day.
 who tryna smoke tonight 
 im at old crow smokehouse  @oldcrowsmokehse in chicago  il 
 @charlesmblow @ohiomail trump has generated quite a bit of smoke do deflect from one simple fact putinelectedtrump
 im at charlies smoke shop in new york  ny 
 just lost a 53 lead on crossfire because they threw smokes and sprinted right down the middle. mwr is fucking trash
 i got show quality weeds. @ city of glendale  ca 
 im at old crow smokehouse  @oldcrowsmokehse in chicago  il 
 @twittermoments theyre getting ready to make it harder for minorities to vote. the setup amp smoke screen for flynn amp russia. disgraceful
 wasnt so sure about adele. but holy smokes  shes gorgeous. 
 why the fuck are people bothered by people who smoke weed everyday  you see me complain about you drunks  coke heads and cig smokers bye 
 are there any smoke shops open today
 a little smoke edwardianball @ the globe theater 
 dont smoke jacks unless its marlboro reds
 im anti social id rather smoke vlone
 working on the yard and found these little guys under some weeds 
 working on the yard and found these little guys under some weeds 
 too sad. please  people  test your smoke alarms and be careful with fire.  
 this is why we must unearth the evil weed in the garden of democracy that is donaldtrump 
 @13braden if you can hay day in the shower you can probably smoke too
  fr i only had a little weed and cause shit be making my face go down and my stomach not burn when i take that dia 
 tonights dinner provided by carolina smokehouse at broadwayatthebeach 
 i remember when i was little and thought weed was the devil  now its the only thing that helps me sleep at night
 rather smoke dolo
 well deserved alcoholic beverage.. @ ace high saloon amp smokehouse 
 @davesturch @ryback22 ...pedaling ground weeds to men promising test increase only one thing actually does that and its real test
 @meekkmills id rather smoke a swisher than eat pineapples on pizza
 whos tryna smoke
 man fuck outta here with that bullshit each cigarette you smoke takes 11 years off ur life ok if that was true id be dead like yesterday
 who tryna smoke 
 who tryna smoke  ncat
 dear   maybe theres more cig ads in black neighborhoods because they smoke more stat wise and thus are a big market
 @juhhadleone dont smoke rock was a great album dza just underrated
 when someone ask who tryna smoke 
 i got drunk with my coworkers after work and then proceeded to smoke half a cigarette.... i threw up immediately 
 @juhhadleone you heard the full dont smoke rock
 all i smoke is backwood
 id give my left tit for a pina colada and a smoke but you dont see that on the menu right oitnb
 @ditzkoff @benwinston because you americans are full of nothing but hate right now... spread some love  man. smoke a joint ffs
 when people tax weed 
 i get home amp noticed that my grandma was high asf ...who gave her weed 
 about to finish the rest of this weed amp liquor.
 i had to smoke some weed to deal with this full moon and grammy ordeal.
 take me down to the paradise city where we all smoke green and the girls are pretty
 thought this was smoke @migoomackk 
 you tryna netflix and chill but im tryna smoke sesh amp bool with you
 @meanstreetsoma engine 53 has investigated and found no signs of smoke or fire.
 im pretty sure my grandma knows i go outside to smoke... but we dont talk about it.
 i want some weed amp my crush
 i was never a fan of brussel sprouts growing up  and then the smoke shop appeared in my life and 
 how did i get weed on the top of my hat tho shit make sure to check out the number one song for 
 wasteland smoke ave glock boy
 update  manchester fire fire marshal says working smoke detectors saved familys life. they were able to evacuate before it was too late.
 nationals nate matthews 12 of hempfield scores against american goalie aaron dobrolsky of 
 will start the week with a smoke i consider memorable  by @epcarrillo have a great day  
 smoke weed everyday @ times square  new york city 
 make sure smoke good today make up for yesterday
 @ivankatrump lets make a line of hemp clothing using american grown hemp and call it lady liberty 
 jefferson middle school has been evacuated due to a tripped fire alarm and a report of smoke. @apspd and @abqfire is on scene.
 who tryna smoke
 @wooddeming hdl effect most common in heavy smokers who consume a lot of coffee.french press asdociated with increased cholesterol.
 @s3nt13ntb31ng @mjmissy @nbcnews @gop @dnc like saying marlboro lights are safer to smoke than full flavor.
 i can carry you in smash. im a fucking monster when i smoke in smash 4.
 hoping i get out on time today im tryna smoke. man i desperately need it i feel like dying
 im like 99.99 sure that weeds was filmed in manhattan beach but they just say san diego...
 tryna smoke... 
 this man grew dreads  smoked a little  watched anime  thought about life  amp said fuck it im out allpowertohim 
 coloringbook touched me on a mad level. ive never felt that type of mental  spiritual  amp cultural freedom with any album. np smoke break
 i was there when he was tryna smoke again 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 @virtualdude lol reddit is as left as only liking weed legalization makes you
 when u tripping on 3 tabs and 4.7 grams of some golden caps and just smoke a 7 gram backwood 
 my clothes always reek of smoke after home health visits. one of us needs to change and im pretty sure its the smoking habits 
 @artycurry arturo  theres been an increase in smuggling of ca weed into baja ca  you can read more in my article 
 getting away for a little bit today..  getting my nails and toes done  going out to eat  a nice smoke cruise w my bff  today is nice
 lebatardpodcast dan puffs  chest  and takes on all the governments of the world regarding marijuana use
 i give no fuks when i go nuts  cause i smoke dust  overdose on the sofa.....dead
 my professor really just asked would we rather discuss torture or the legalization of marijuana .
 i love it when im in class and my shirt is itching the side of my stomach so i go to touch and see wtfig and its a nug of weed blessed
 our smart battery found its perfect match to celebrate valentines day  take 14 off smoke alarms at 
 our smart battery found its perfect match to celebrate valentines day  take 14 off smoke alarms at 
 @ltsjustjordan yeah you should. i would do them again for sure. i was also smoking weed too tho so maybe i was just too high lol
 made it to la  yeah finally in la  yeah lookin for the weed though tryna make my own dough callin for maria lost without maria 
 i hate a nigga who roll up then put the blunt behind his ear so he can smoke wit his bitch later.  gethigh stayhigh neverstop stonerlife
 tryna smoke amp head up to the mountains 
 @truthorange @amandaseales also asians smoke a lot too even in japan and bali  guess why
 ok so i work in the admissions office and we just got transcripts from vista and they spelled hofstra and hempstead 
 roommate spilt weed down the stove burner now im here getting stoned trying to boil water
 @nobelityproject @wellawareworld holy smokes  guys  that was the best one yet congratulations 
 she do weed she do coke so i know your fuckin with me  fire
 @huemorse weeds. american horror story.
 a little more high in my smoke now 
 @truthorange @amandaseales odd you left out marijuana dispensaries.
 our smart battery found its perfect match to celebrate valentines day  take 14 off smoke alarms at 
 breaking 2alarm fire billows heavy smoke in southwest baltimore  
 2alarm fire billows heavy smoke in southwest baltimore 
 keef im smokin ganja  im countin commas  me im countin beeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
 id rather have half an ounce of weed than a life sized teddy bear anywayz
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now  fave
 this is ridiculous. for just a little bit of a weed do police  have nothing like rape amp murder 2 investigations t 
 this is ridiculous. for just a little bit of a weed do police  have nothing like rape amp murder investigations to 
 so i just found out that smokey the bear has actually been named smokey bear the whole time. my mind is blown. mandala effect hahaha
 so i just found out that smokey the bear has actually been named smokey bear the whole time. my mind is blown. mandala effect hahaha
 currentmood  by alex dupree and original set pussy  money  weed  was featured on arsenic  
 in colorado  underage cannabis use is at its lowest rate in history. 
 who tryna smoke some weed with me guys
 my professor also changed to physics because when he was in chem something exploded on while he smoked outside
 first time ive seen cannabis ads served via googles content network. policy change or just lax filtering ppcchat 
 deardaughterif he wanted to marry you...he would tell everyone the weedding date dr mike murdock 32914 3 0 exclusively yours
 @jbstarr10 @bunique4him @fawfulfan @kriskobach1787 yah  cuz if they could do it  my grandma would be voting the shit out of legal weed.
 the og smoke spot 
 in a day that can get no better  i set off the smoke alarm in my dorm. satan  i suppose this is the day. come get ya mans
 im at holy smoke bbq in bishop  ca 
 because id rather be with my cats and weedles. because i am a garbage human.
 we also removed our smoke detectors instead of putting out the garbage fire. 
 who is tryna smokeeee when i get off
 blackberry smoke 
 im cool i rather smoke this and be high as an astronaut. far from a pimp but i smash a lot.
 if anyone is wondering  my grandpas show was called sketching with smokey and he was a prodigy.
 id spend it on weed again 
 and a after set with weed smoke i dont smoke
 @anaheimpd repoting that the fire has been put out. some guests are being treated for smoke inhalation but the situation is contained.
 @gregckxs some areas of ck have been growing nonmedical marijuana for years. might as well make it official i guess  
 i met dram in the smoke shop by my house he was buyin 300 worth of papers lol
 @sethwilson51194 id smoke him  not 
 just ordered smoke grenades for the colorado shoots 
 psa if you havent heard when the smoke clears you have to go listen to the whole album in one take. asap 
 anyone tryna smoke 
 shopping @ one stop smoke shop 
 id smoke sm pot in there 
 i set my smoke detector off at least once a week wifeme
 throw up a smoke screen with a collage of lies  disruptive executive actions  amp continuos insults  while your advisors sell us out to putin
 yall take a smoke break for the night and come on down to @whiskeyjam some good music is comin outta here. 
 im at bootleggers modern american smokehouse  @bootleggersphx in phoenix  az 
 got a knock. norfolk firefighters going door 2 door to make sure homes are properly equipped w smoke detectors. 
 i thought you aint smoke  
 homeboy just asked if im selling weed right in front of the 711 cashier bc i bought a backwood
 tryna be sittin in my living room with my boo and best friend smokin my weed being happy af.
 my mom toke all my weed fuck my life
 just smudged my room and set off the smoke alarms... oy...
 @daleinnis where there is smoke  there is fire.
 holy smokes we have ot at the phog
 our smoke detector went off  it was the scariest thing ever
 did trump or pence know about before time 2 weed out the corrupted @mmflint theresistance @keitholbermann 
 canelo was the b side against cotto what do u smoke pal i need some 
 @ananavarro too much smoke not to have fire.
 trumps nsa advisor resigns over ties to russia  trumps campaign manager resigns over ties to russia  where theres smoke theres fire.
 just found all my baby photo albums. holy smokes  pics to come later. be prepared to laugh
 dam bro i was just tryna smoke some tree
 resist and weed out the white house whyiresist  report flynn privately discussed sanctions with russia  
 this whole russia thing is a smokescreen. flynn quit so he can spend more time with his family  investigating pizza parlors.
 someone be my valentine tomorrow  im 10 times cooler than your man and have a pocket full of riffs that will smoke your ass
 yep  smoke screen people dont be fooled @cnnpolitics @rolandsmartin @foxnews @realdonaldtrump @gop 
 how much smoke do you need before you accept that there just might be a little fire sad weak on firefighting. sup 
 preworkout smoke sesh in full effect 
 @nanenotmer how was that weed
 where theres smoke theres fire... subpeonaflynn
 for a second i thought u was smoking weed lol 
 where there is smoke  there is a fire. trump knew about this  did nothing. @potus works for americans  not the krem 
 all uncle ben wanted to do was make some rice  then the sandman just had to smoke him
 @fiftytwobook blackberry smoke at santander performing arts center may 13  2017  
 @fiftytwobook blackberry smoke at f.m. kirby center for the performing arts jun 23  2017  
 i pray during the purchase of marijuana to produce a thought while smoking for when smoke is needed for others.
 no car  messed up phone amp to top it off  no rilllos. i was just tryna smoke
 how do i make friends  im going 2 chain smoke at the skate park
 if i had a dollar for every time a white person asked me if they could buy weed from me while i was out at a bar id be fully retired by now
 also the great melt up to dow 21 000 with michael purves of weeden amp co. on @bsurveillance @bloombergtv now
 where theres smoke theres fire 
 holy smokes  slept through my alarm  ihatemissingclass
 @morningmika @morningjoe  colburn is floundering amp flailing. hes not only denying theres a fire  hes denying that there is even smoke.
 what are cheek meats   how do i smoke them    @champbbq @bbqspot @caseykulas @foodiesusa 
 @pmelt ooh  weed penny stocks...something i know a little about. follow me so i can pm some tips
 @cta nothing about the fire or whatever that smoke was at the chicago red line this morning
 im tryna smoke
 take a little more high in my smoke
 i was tryna smoke
 so i searched and found weed and s wrap 
 bring the weed and the pizza leave the flowers and bullshit.
 on the flip side of the public transit coin  we have weed clubs advertising on city buses amp the drivers are chill so its not all bad
 where theres smoke theres fire
 all the talk this morning with rep. ryan and others on healthcare was nothing but smoke and mirrors on flynn.
 they not trying let us smoke ina school 
 @blogtoke and there were mites on everything and of all things he dried his weed in dehydrator. that came to a fast end and i started my own
 well beyond smoke  where there is fire  there is fire... 
 trumps saying real story is the leaks in wh wow smoke and deflection how about russia creating chaos in our wh and trump coconspirator
 get this cool glass art at paradise smoke shop 1307 yale st houston  tx.  stop by 
 so my grandma just asked me if i could get her some weed... to feed her cat
 i would like to personally thank the terrible human that filled the kitchen with smoke at 9am.... 
 @thenvmber13 @djbootybacon broo but look at all the crystals on it  smokes mold and mites
 most people im a lot smaller than they thought and i smoke way more than they thought lol
 im at the dunedin smokehouse  @thedsmokehouse in dunedin  fl 
 how to ask your smokeshow business advisor to be your valentine 2017
 im just tryna smoke amp eat better
 such a horrible fire. more smoke making its way east yongeandstclair  fire 
 some good old american weed bc mexican weed sucks and is bunk asf shit reminds me of what i smoked in middle school lol
 i hope today someone somewhere is gifted weed and a supreme shirt  migos faintly playing in the background. to prove me true love isnt dead.
 @berdomike dont see much smoke yet......better give the fuel screw another turn
 it takes me 5 hits of weed to leave my body because of how fucked my anxiety is
 recieved a card this morning.  @ north hempstead  new york 
 @foxandfriends @ingrahamangle @foxnews trump needs to weed out obama moles and those dug in tick type dems who what to destroy his admin.
 looking out the front of the bus earlier at all the smoke from the 6alarm fire at yonge amp st 
 kenneth berke  payqwick is 1 of 3 experts providing expert advice to californias cannabis 
 when you see the weed man from the other side of the club 
 lowkey tryna smoke one 
 i shoulda just went to set up this @customsborder with @vavetbenefits for the seized marijuana
 @devonbgromm @phrma id smoke it
 amid all the smoke amp chaos...he was just drawn to her liason gh 
 im just tryna smoke...
 @foxnews how ridiculous they need to spend time on hilary its a smoke screen
 @realdonaldtrump @vp @usedgov @betsydevos blow this smoke in a different direction. what are you hiding in your taxes about russia
 @realdonaldtrump @vp @usedgov @betsydevos @paulezapblow this smoke in a different direction. what are your true dealings with russia
 rare beer tuesdaywicked weed oblivionsour red with blackberries and dates...yum  
 firefighters visited the grade 2s today parents  make sure your smoke and co detectors are working firesafety 
 if i didnt have a 4.0 from full time school  work every day  and work on art  i wouldnt smoke as much...but i do  so ima smoke another dab
 so who tryna take me to buy weed
 one memorable smoke experience of mine is being at an art opening in cologne  germany. my nose 
 regardless if i didnt smoke now id still being doing the same thing 
 @offseids also  holy smokes  where did you get your shirt
 if i was trump i would legalize marijuana amp put all proceeds to the national debt bt maybe im alittle bias when it comes2this subject...lol
 my weekend was full of laughter weed amp tea 
 id rather be ya nigga so we can get drunk amp smoke weed all day 
 opening comments by gov @hickenloopernow on the co experience at sen @ilikemike sovereign hearing on cannabis. 
 opening comments by gov @hickenloopernow on the co experience at sen @ilikemike oversight hearing on cannabis. 
 i used to smoke amd take shots before school lmao smh
 the only flower id want for valentines day would be weed.
 were all tied up 3434 at halftime between the ravens and the furies. jack hemphill 12 pts. is your leading scor 
 its fucking beautiful outside and i have no weed
 @thedailybeast smoke screen
 mfs just tryna smoke all my weeddat shit mega dead 
 good weed cali og
 who tryna match or smoke with me 
 id rather have weed tho lmao
 on a good note  i just watched this guy give his girlfriend flowers and weed and it was pretty cute
 got santa barbara smoked salmon and hit up trader joes. some preprep things.
 well that was easy @ belmar marijuana store 
 id rather smoke this tonight though  its so cute 
 a little more high in my smoke now
 i set off my smoke detector.... oops 
 tryna smoke more weed thou
 @juliiettx i got you  small explosion  loud noise  a lot of smoke.
 where theres smoke  theres fire 
 @realdonaldtrump smokescreen trying to get us off your integrity amp conflicts of interest amp russia
 @mcuban wow you got smoked on oreilly show. only 26days in office and your a hater your a typical hater. @ingrahamangle @johnkstahlusa
 left my oven on for a few hours  now my house is smokey but not on fire... am i good... or help
 spirit the queen the weather the weed the sand
 thrown in cuffs for a little bit of weed fuck new hampshire
 im tryna smokeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
 some neighbors smoke alarm just went off. valentinesdaydinner
 @currensyspitta  amp @youngroddy   @dabathoncup has me more hyped than da high times cannabis cup . . .  vexed
 with all of this smoke  theres got to be fire somewhere... 
 when you go to the smoke shop to get 5 worth of screens and you end up buying 5 pipes for 120. 
 see a virtual tour of our listing on 2711 smokey mountain drive oxnard ca  realestate  
 as this fucker hops in my car so we can go to dinner he goes sorry. forgot your flowers cause i was too busy smoking weed  fu bitch.
 what grates me about partisanship gop is so much better at ignoring billowing smoke and denying that any fire could possibly exist. 12
 @heytammybruce weed out the culprits and proscute them for spying on americans...which is illegal
 also  if were being honest  i doubt much if anything comes of this. it seems like more smoke. well need fire for something to change.
 if there was nfl for weed id be in the hall of fame
 people passin faster then im passin weed
 just a garlic full of weed
 i got some money on me... amp the weed nice
 im about to smoke so much weed oh my god.... shit has me a little frightened
 just now set off the smoke alarm 
 where theres smoke  theres fire. 
 @skrongmeat ill smoke you out 
 @skrongmeat ill smoke you out 
 whos tryna smoke
 i found live country music in a bourbon bar happy valentinesday to me @ old crow smokehouse 
 when your new coworkers ask you if you smoke and you reply smoke what
 mom is this weed sniffs  
 thechallenge seems to be smoke the last of it tonight or have some for tomorrow. hmmm
 @tr1zz i thought brown weed was extinct
 we could waste the night with an old film smoke a little weed on the couch in the back room 
 going backpacking in the smokeys in a couple weeks. stoked
 @foxnews  this guys always reminds me of a disney character. i fully expect him 2 pull out a magic lamp and disappear in smoke @seanhannity
 the only advice i give is to smoke or eat lol why am i like this
 @kenziepass comparing yourself to others sometimes guys have to find their way through the weeds to find a flower
 hes a little hoe its whatever  makes minimum wage and doesnt go to school and he smokes cigs so. .
 id smoke over drinking any day.
 @sweetcaireen a bowl of weed hahaha
 @hitthehighdraw how much is to much  to leave on table this week to weed out the sheeple
 i thought i was getting a call regardings valentines day and i was super excited but turns out they just needed weed 
 whoever made this list literally smokes crack. 
 sb311 new medical cannabis and nonmedical marijuana testing by a licensee. 
 why is smokey entertaining me rn 
 seems appropriate for a 1 am smoke  @ajfcigars last call thecrew tc2 smokethegoodones 
 msnbc morningjoe no matter how much talking heads get in the weeds the story is about trump conflicts relationship russia period
 @nytimes where theres fire  there s fire we are beyond smoke
 @kevinfrankish can you ask the chief about nest smoke alarms
 @kevinfrankish @dinapugliese we test our smoke alarm  everytimemomcooks
 wait. i thought clinton was supposed to be a threat to national security where theres smoke theres fire 
 great deals on smoke amp co alarms for fca employees  firesafety
 @jeffrossen who needs the candle test i find out my smoke alarms work every time i cook dinner. 
 well weed them out.  if you have to fire them all 
 well @jeffrossen did get my butt on the ladder to inspect our smoke alarm and called our alarm provider for verification @todayshow 
 good morning todays golden nugget if you ignore your garden the weeds will take over.  jim rohn prospectinggoldnugget
 yeah i thought i was having a bad weed flashback or something. 
 @realdonaldtrump smokescreen the real scandal is you amp your administration selling out to russia amp god knows who else
 just used the song facebook story to do my anti marijuana project for health class
 .@repkevinbrady on cnn re trumprussia before we start a forest fire  lets see what the smokes all about. 
 well  well  well. where there is smoke their is almost always fire  @realdonaldtrump. resign fakepresident  
 honestly man id rather smoke weed here than smoke legal dope in colorado theres way too many restrictions there 
 this migos album is a true weed plate.
 just take your word for it  right where theres smoke  theres fire abraham lincoln 
 mmmm...looks a little smokey in there...now i understand the interstellar soundtrack a bit more. 
 @ekudining does the smokebox take flexmeal swipes
 @voxdotcom @carmenvellon flynn is mere kindling  the smoke from the real fire is trump avoiding scrutiny  needs heat shields to avoid it.
 in honor of this monumental occasion we might as well go ahead and smoke one  
 @fbi republicansrussians  political coup now trump mayhem smoke screen  we impeach trump kkkrussians in power going on now
 @realdonaldtrump smokem out americafirst
 wednesdaywisdom dont listen to fakenews on chaos in @potus @realdonaldtrump cabinetits all smoke amp mirrors lo 
 we will get to the bottom of all this smoke. where smoke  fire. take a break from the disturbing us news. from 
 set off all four smoke alarms and garrett still didnt wake up.....
 the outside is an illusion magic smoke amp mirrors. the soul  an unexplainable essence  shines from some people  whi 
 yooo its finally nice enough to smoke outside 
 me and my dad just tryna smoke a b with @chancetherapper 
 @nobodieknows @scottadamssays she used a higher cbd version with lower psychedlic effects 0 thc cannabis is legal even in sc.
 remember when we had a river go up in smoke making america a fire grate again 
 i was tryna watch star wars while i smoke but my neighbors are doing yard work so it aint even worth it
 humpday 420deals today at inyo fine cannabis get 20 off whitesangria 8ths amp 14s from 
 are you sure your smoke alarms work learn 3 vital tips cc @jeffrossen 
 watching the @realdonaldtrump amp prime minister conference amp im high so its comedy to me thankyou  marijuanapolitics fakenews yourfired
 her pussy fire if the smoke alarm keep goin off
 up goes the smoke screen ..
 im in the middle seat. one side is a nice old lady and the other side is some girl who smells like weed.  thisshouldbeinteresting
 its still all smoke and notquite fire  but its time for a full investigation on trump and russia 
 @abc @cnn @nbcnews @msnbc hey fake news millions of americans know u blow smoke up our ass@judgejeanine @seanhannity @anitadwhite usa
 id rather smoke my toenail clippings 
 if you missed the ca senate cannabis hearing yday  heres the video  @ilikemike 
 i thought cannabis was a type of tea. 
 they say where there is smoke  there is fire
 light the reefer pass it to the left told her hold it in let it burn to the end then well smoke again.
 just saw the vcu cop who tried to trick me into selling him weed while i was outside my building...bitch im new to the city my ass
 @whenitslit drink a little bit  have a cold beer or bloody mary then smoke and go back to bed
 whos going to hempfest 
 russian spy ship smoke screen. if trump keeps sanctions  it takes suspicion off him as russian patsy. timing too perfect r no coincidences.
 there is no smoke without fire @justinsalhani talking about the trump administration and russia
 @realdonaldtrump are you blaming the smoke alarm for the fire
 how to waste weed 101 
 lots of smoke in this flynn situation  no fire though.
 cones a waste of weed to me i hate them hoes
 id love to smoke with you 
 sure ill take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 where theres smoke  theres fire.
 they see me writing about environmentally friendly weedgrowing practices  they hatin.  
 im just like trump but instead of blowing the smoke up  i blow the smoke down your asses. @ 
 @foxnews the more the american people learn about donald trump  the less they believe the smoke and mirrors fiction of his success story.
 @foxnation the more the american people learn about donald trump  the less they believe the smoke and mirrors fiction of his success story.
 that southern baptist parking lot was where id go to smoke my pot and sit there in my pick up truck and pray.
  but grandma  with cancer and arthritis will catch a weed charge.  smdh 
 and a little weed.  
 ill smoke and make myself wings in a little 
 gpblawmakers what art the regulations that apply to marijuana cultivation nuts and bolts
 drank a little drank smoke a little smoke
 50 wings @ belly up smokehouse amp saloon in chicago  il 
 im pretty sure bill walton smokes pack lol
 who tryna smoke sumn the catch is i aint tryna leave the north side. not in the driving mood lol
 too many people dying in homes by fire. supposed to be safe place. smoke alarms amp escape plan messages not getting thru.it can happen to you
 if i light the backwood in here will the smoke detector go on 
 pretty sure weed makes me sneeze 
 soo my grandma just said do you know a nylons who can give me marijuana  im dead.
 @foxnews @oreillyfactor he needs to weed out all the obama lovers in the wh  clean house and fire them with none or little compensation
 yeah i like a little more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke
 flynn is fall guy. vp knew for 6 days about ties to russia. gop making vp look good to take over for trump when hes impeached. smoke screen
 i saw my first weed shop this is wild
 he smoked they asses  
 @sethrogen @realdonaldtrump smoke screen and intimidation.
 shes a little red wine  hes a little whiskey smoke
 @drcraigmalkin @realdonaldtrump  come on of course hes guilty. throwing up smoke screens. trump is a coward.
 @kharmakiss now if they just made one for weed we would be set for life 
 what trump is doing is not o.k.  where theres smoke  theres fire.
 and i thought that medical marijuana was to help the libtards 
 occupants of the house fire on orchard ave were alerted by working smokealarms  please be sure that your smoke alarms are working also
 found this new season  weeds. its pretty straight tho.
 quitter status 1000 hours smoke free quitsmoking lovemyself @ discovery bay yacht harbor 
 you roll weed left to right or right to left
 i smoked weed with mike star. 
 a nice smokey aroma but not overwhelming. notes of chocolate  some coffee  malty  r... churchill 
 its pretty good  i find the smoke to this a little too in your face on the f... miasma  photo
 you dont smoke peyote  right @mgraditor10 
 so the house is on fire and they want to investigate the smoke alarm 
 im just trynna smoke weed and make fire music
 @yasmeenjuarez lmfao she almost burnt our house down and we had to evacuate our home bc it was full of smoke 
 i was dead telling rythima n anika that smoking so much weed in high school dead made me slow lmfaoo 
 i just found a nug of weed in our shower
 i didnt make it to your shown but are you tryna smoke @iamjojo
 hiccuping with smoke in ur lungs is on my top 12 least fun activities
 not a smoker but i would rather smoke 
 im full of smoke niggas full of hate
 @roblowe as long as trump is around booze and weed are needed desperately
 @danyoel will check notes at work tomorrow. was deep in weeds on that for 2 days  as my reportg team was between communities where we embed
 @vladoilmilano i smoked at a fire pit in bedstuy this winter. paradise is all around us
 whos tryna smoke 
 somebody 2 smoke with would be nice..
 tryna smoke with the hiccups ltlt
 id be so down to go on a adventure but i dont have weed and its cold af
 day 2 selling smoke amp co alarms at a great price for fca employees.
 joe and i are ready to sell smoke amp co alarms 
 legalise hemp to beat the inane war on drugs and climate change @momalive 
 .@fallsfirecalls wants to make sure youve got smoke detectors and an escape plan in case of a fire at your place. 
 only vermont would tax coffee but not weed
 smash then smoke amp then smoke again amp smash again  
 remember reagan did this and 2 million pot smokers lost there jobs with urine test which is an invasion of privacy 
 morning smoke with my grandma 
 id rather be smoking weed.
 well keep a close eye on this hearing. gt today at the s.c. statehouse a test for medical marijuana.  
 new policy to decriminalize marijuana in harris county will save time  money  das office says. 
 blaming the smoke detector for the fire 
 i left my weed at ana house  think its sign that i shouldnt smoke today
 fun fact best test of smoke alarms for cooking nuisance  broiling hamburger. sets off all types of alarms. ty @uldialogue firesafety
 leave me alone im just in my zone im just trying to just smoke
 great information here from the today show about smoke detectors. be sure to try the candle test demo at the end 
 i set the smoke alarm in my room off already
 niggas are deadass petty all the dutches i smoke niggas on and they take little bits or weed like a nigga dont got a scale or something
 would you rather smoke some
 story hempstead town ida denies tax breaks for mixeduse project in @hempsteadvill.  
 ... is weed even legal in new york 
 i predict some tough talk regarding russia as a smokescreen.if we were colluding would we do this  doyourjob doyourjobchaffetz
 make sure you smoke that tahoe lol 
 according to trumps beliefs  he should declare smoke alarms as illegal  witnesses should not be allowed in courtro 
 @mishunow @encantadasporle i love fire. spit fire like a dragon where there is smoke the is fire blowing smoke 
 there are bellows of smoke. we are going to investigate. 
 the house is on fire and hes blaming the smoke detector. 
 assembly corrections committee hearing delayed for a few minutes because of odd smoke smell that needs 
 new drug policy if you are caught with small amts of marijuana in harris co.  you have the choice to take a 4hour 
 if you are caught eligible marijuana offenders would sign a promise to take a 4hour class  which costs 150  
 my coworker turned on the stove while the blender was on it and it is so smokey and stinky
 at 1131 pm  2 sw weed siskiyou co  ca mesonet reports nontstm wnd gst of m49 mph mfr 
 at 903 pm  1 nw weed siskiyou co  ca mesonet reports nontstm wnd gst of m48 mph mfr 
 at 1203 am  12 ne weed siskiyou co  ca mesonet reports nontstm wnd gst of m63 mph mfr 
 if im going to smoke weed id like to know how its grown  where  how  everything.
 @realdonaldtrump they say where theres smoke theres fire....well sir you and your cabinet members are smoking like a five alarm fire.
 @cameraman405 ebay because this brand doesnt ship to the united states. theyre enola gaye wire pull smoke grenades
 where there is smoke  there is fire 
 hes running down these terrible policies. how can the american public even judge their effectiveness at this point blowing smoke trump
 the smoke @realdonaldtrump blows up everyones ass is his administration going down if flames impeach notmypresident
 fake news means the media should continue digging. seeing the smoke means theres a fire. trump treason russia
 @usaredorchestra just set him up with the electric chair then well see some smoke and maybe he even will turn oranges
 im at zambia smokehouse  @mybuschgardens in tampa  fl 
 @realdonaldtrump you are a smoke screen for the rnc so they can get by witg murder behind the scenes
 mark your calendar 221 careers amp coffee features women in arts administration 6730pm in ella weed  milbank 2nd floor. rsvp on nace 
 @realdonaldtrump you are a smoke screen for the rnc so they can get by with murder behind the scenes
 id rather be smoking weed
 ...now back to the treasonous russian issues drumpf. we are not distracted by that smoke screen press conference.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 @qoc26998152 @stevekopack yes my brain needs a smoke after that cluster fuck of a press conference
 and im back in the cigar business you and i are going to be enjoying a nice drink and smoke in the near future. yeah you.
 im just tryna sit on your lap amp smoke a blunt with ya
 @christichat @richardtburnett @jessebwatters  sounds like he smoked a little to much weed. you do a great job jesse 
 so 1 my fire alarm didnt go off even though i was breathing in enough smoke to make me dizzynauseous  2 the hallway alarm didnt go off
 gop history is taking notes. potus ties to russia will not be smoke amp mirrored by immigration sweeps. 
 amazing things happening at hemphill elementary @hayscisd balancedliteracy @hemphillhawks
 this weekend were releasing our 2017 batch of simple means  farmhouse altbier w smoked malt. full menu 
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter park  fl 
 happening now press conference after seizure of 4 pounds of high grade marijuana found in downtown wilmington 
 i cannot stress enough the importance of having working smoke alarms amp co alarms in the home  fire marshal 
 @followintodark ha true story theyre well into their craft cannabis phase
 the amount of time you spend in the weeds needs to equal the amount of time you spend cutting the grass. sermonprep
 all americans who are obese and smoke...should be made pay more...way more.. 
 first and formost i want thank whoever invented the smoke detector please do not take them for granted.
 true story i graduated from hampton and that experience was heavily fueled by sex alcohol  and marihuana. fuck you 
 imho  robles  smoker and wheeler are key. if they can pitch up to their talent  the bp could be solid. if not  sandy must add.
 coke amp weed 
 unless you decarb your buds  raw weed plant will not get you high if you eat it thc needs heat to activate it themoreyouknow weedtips
 its randomactsofkindnessday so hmu if you tryna smoke and ill fire you up
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter garden  fl 
 another day at the office currently trying to find a highquality photo of an underground weed party.
 high key thought this was some kinda organic weed and she was making a joke. 
 i found weed in my bag and i decided to eat it
 im tryna smoke n listen to that new future album
 might need to make sure the opps aint smoke him 
 @drcassingram what would be the effects of hempanol on someone with high cholesterol
 coming out so openly pro cannabis was something i thought about for two years  it was scary 
 my mom used to give me hell about smoking weed and i just found out this bitch would take quaaludes with her friends in high school 
 i love our shirt distributors they already know were the only shop that does all the gang  outlaw  weed merch hahaha sending us work
 @aaroncampeau hard liquor andor weed with a cop is the bare minimum to get me even a little bit interested.
 . ..where theres smoke...trumps very own gestapo just a thought away.
 fml i was about to smoke outside and it starts raining like a bitch
 going york me to smoke weed
 @shepnewsteam tou are so right  we can see the fire through the smoke screen 
 @kim  same thing in 2017. antiwar activists blowing the same smoke as putin.  the nation  glenn greenwald   et al
 winner winner  weed for dinner 
 this california weed is so fire
 jb can you go a day with out smoking weed   yes...i can .....but why
 tryna do the big smoke
 after we deliberately told him the trash right outside was on fire amp im pretty sure he saw the smoke
 @realdonaldtrump that was the dumbest rally in south carolina today. you blow more smoke up ya own ass than a little bit
 what i call a memorable smoke enjoy  
 happening now brush fire on side of battlefield pkwy. see smoke in several places here. 
 joeys wifes birthday linch @ cookin with lennys smokehouse 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 smoketreeranch with @hsyoshioka and @amyoshioka for madre60 @ smoke tree ranch 
 @xcodeh broo you gotta check out  for some siiick low0fi hiphop beats  so nice to chill and smoke to.
 nothing like a good smoke. arturofuente @ havana mix cigar emporium 
 smoke weed. make facemasks from oatmeal and honey. treat yourself to something small the next time you get paid. take time to love urself
 all you basic bitches smoke blue american spirits
 a little nomad weed in the garden of the world
 that was a sign that i needed to smoke lol 
 whyd addie just ask if i gave the cat weed while i was sleeping
 sure ill take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke
 overheardinmsl2100 when i was in school my conservation prof smoked in the lab and every once in awhile hed set 
 bigg done found the smoke shop. its time to roast this piglet 
 overheardinmsl2100 when i was in school my conservation prof smoked in the lab and every once in awhile hed set 
 dudeee its not about materialistic things but the thought like ryan could give me weeds as flowers and id be happy 
 one of the side effects legal weed is getting stuck behind normies at the weed shop. theyre so dizzy with the power to buy drugs sometimes
 and furthermore susan  i wouldnt be the least bit surprised to learn that all four of them habitually smoke marijuana cigarettes..reefers
 previous avatar was a little more mommy this ones a little more weed
 @robreiner hes going to weed out all the traitors left over.  hes going to prosecute them too.
 if my mom would let me smoke in the house id never leave the bathtub
 a smokey stout  with coffee notes and a subtle sweetness. fl... beer for breakfast 2017  photo
 i take a little more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now 
 a mouthful of smoke sure makes things clear.
 tillerson chopping heads at the state dept. like a weed whacker  love it
 a mouth full of smoke sure makes things clear.
 im tryna smoke tonight
 i should just roll up and smoke outside...
 52 marathons in 52 weeks 20year smoker sets an ambitious running goal. bayareaproud  
 its raining  the power is out. perfect time to smoke and continue my writing.
 its raining  the power is out. perfect time to smoke and continue my writing.
 back by ruth demand smoke soap. the word is intoxicating. made with essential oils and goats 
 tryna smoke 
 drinking a scarlet fire by @tightheadbrew @ windy city cannabis  
 im at lucky news amp smoke shop in new york  ny 
 b5 thats 2 more runs aucker @aauck11 smokes it to lf  huff amp benny score still 2 outs. blueraiders up 5 
 plan for today  smoke weed  be bood up  eat popeyes  micro dose shrooms n watch once upon a time
 my vagina is filled with my weed 
 i would rather smoke crack than go see 50 shades of grey
 master p really almost had an nba career  looks like id give him smoke on the courts
 this place is amazing smoketreeranch madre60 with @hsyoshioka @ smoke tree ranch 
 rl asked me if we can leave da school to smoke. moee 
 they seem a little young to be sneaking smokes outside school. theconjuring2
 @joel9one what i like about him is he speaks his mind instead of blowing smoke up our asses just to make people happy id rather hear how
 @knoxnews here is city of knoxvilles free smoke detector program  
 rayas birthday cake has that reefer on the outside and reefer on the inside  
 its finally nice enough to smoke outside again
 im at one stop smoke shop 
 i leave to smoke and see this 
 im just tryna get some weed
 when i went to smoke w my older cousin before christmas dinner i knew i was certified
 rain or shine  max knows where the weeds been  storm in la ktown dtla hollywood video 
 lmfaooo its so much coke weed n e out there  
 kavaughn left me to go smoke 
 the old dragon is all smoke  no fire 
 i like marykate olsen in weeds
 where there is smoke there is fire
 its raining hard in ca. so i am thrilled to own @rabbitair so i can smoke a cigar in my office thanks for the recommendation @ahued.
 whos tryna smoke this mikeandike
 my smoke alarm is a little bitch. it went off because my toast got crispy
 me if i met wiz khalifa id take a picture with him kissing him on the cheek   colby itd probably taste like weed   @colbydover
 i need to smash on weed now
 @kennapress @riancalhoun why would that change your life all he was saying was dont smoke 
 im a full believer in the medicinal properties of marijuana john
 who tryna fw waffle house n smoke 
 got everything you need  weed or the cocaine if a nigga bleed leave him dead like cobain
 just walked into a bar in weed and it went completely silent. it was nice knowing you all
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 tryna smoke a blizzunt
 just watching the office wishing i had weed
 i drew this superman chalk art chalkart @ smokes poutinerie vancouver 
 nothing like a casual smoke alarm going off in your hotel at 330 am.
 im tryna smoke w @astroidboys  would be tight
 this is coke  excstacy  and weed.  
 who tryna smoke
 me as i smoke this backwood 
 takin dabz @ 630 a.m amp the smoke alarm goes offscared tha shit outta me
 rome is burning buttrump  denies the heat and smoke. 
 just inaddress reported for selling drugs in boynton beach fl nw 28 ave. house  2430 on dead end street crack amp weed. to pbso amp boynton pd
 dakota jordan cantonment fl smokes a hr to left center  estimated distance 375ft pgtourney
 so wassup  you tryna take this smoke on her behalf   
 fire alarm at 645am. hall filled with smoke. firefighters knocked on doors to find source. theyre gone now so i assume were okay.
 when you wake up in a house full of stoners and all you can smell is fire ass weed. 
 wow  interesting that weeds are developing resistance to roundup. not sure humans are doing the same... 
 our goji hemp snackers are crunchy little numbers that are perfect for onthego snacking. 
 remember alyssa ferrara this is her now  35 smokes menthols   homeless amp has 2 kids . feel old yet @alyssaferrara 
 @redcrossdenver thank you for all you....reminds me of a joke..how many red crossers does it take to test a smoke alarm guess its 3 
 do you want to smoke outside  its nice out and we could get high macmiller
 do you want to smoke this blunt outside   cause its nice out and we could get high macmiller
 is russia distancing themselves or is this some kind of smoke and mirrors to make us think russia is distancing the 
 this weather reminds me of when wed go to lils amp sit on the roof amp smoke  
 so much weed was smoked to this album 
 hell yea rt @ognoble yall said its nice outside nice enough to smoke a blunt on the patio
 eating breakfast with marykate and she called me a smoked sausage im confused is this a
 we are at the great smoke event by smoke inn in lake worth  fl.... this is a very nice annual 
 im tryna smoke a fatty dutch ina forest todayyyy 
 my grandma just asked if weed and crack were the same thing...
 brisket @ 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter park  fl 
 good day to smoke outside
 tryna smoke a blunt outside   it feel too good
 @diekunt highhhhh  how was ecuador reminds me of colombia. the weed out there is amazing.
 holy smokes its gorgeous outside today 
 some guy traded his roll up the rim for a smoke from eddie socanadian
 im just tryna smoke my weed
 @rhsbaseballteam yall need to reel in dj shea a little bit...  drink a little drink smoke a little smoke  really 
 you look blazed off some potent reefer mikey 
 52 marathons in 52 weeks 20year smoker sets an ambitious running goal. bayareaproud  
 a little smoke  a little peat  a little chocolate. a lot of delicious.... libre change 
 shots @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 pearl amp gladys take river north cheers  @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 i would consider going to bob evans for dinner if they still had the smokehouse burger
 carl thought weed was free in colorado but its just legalized im dead
 currently enjoying a @gtocigars event at @premiumcigarsga come hang out and smoke a cigar
 get your medical marijuana recommendation in gorgeous malibu ca. spendyourdaywithyour toesinthesand  
 get your medical marijuana recommendation in gorgeous malibu ca. spendyourdaywithyour toesinthesand  
 mmmmm... homecooking  masterfully combined with a test of my smoke alarm  
 when you find the weed you hid from yourself gtgtgt
 i smoked on the fire escape 2day n it was scary but it was nice
 furthermore susan  i wouldnt be the least bit surprised to find that all four of them habitually smoked marijuana cigarettes...reefers
 leaf by oscar maduro wrapper @ easton cigar amp smoke shop 
 yall tryna have a nice lil smoke session n play spades ncat uncg 
 so ready to get rid of this flu so i can smoke some brussel sprout 
 @ 4 rivers smokehouse in carrollwood  fl 
 yass after weeks of waiting. its finally here my essential from hemperco  i love the 
 well makes sense after visiting weed. @ bogard rest area in ca 
 bryanne didnt know what cannabis was and she used a cannabis shop as our location in a picture on her insta story 
 @sgclark1889 we dont set retail prices  but it should end up being similar to the price of other smokestack series limitedseasonal beers.
 dinner after bowling had a 131 amp 158 and i havent bowled in 45 years. @ barretts smokehouse in kalamazoo  mi 
 when will trumpsters get tired of having secondhand smoke blown up their asses trumprally resistance
 about to go smoke alone. sometimes that peace of mind is needed.
 little bit of everything @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 vernors and welchs grape pop methinks i am getting both. @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 what better way to celebrate familydayweekend amp this magnificent weather than to smoke a little chicken on my bge 
 your pets can now medicate with medicalgrade cannabis stop by and get your own bottle today 
 i smoke and keep it mellow  @marshmellomusic
 san francisco where people leave glass nug jars full of medicinalgrade marijuana concentrate at the gas station 
 im at the strand smokehouse  @strandsmoke in astoria  ny 
 we all smoke @joefreshgoods 
 hes trying to deflect with smoke and mirrors  ... what the intelligence community found. he can run but he cant h 
 im tryna smoke tonight
 the fire alarm went off last night bc someone was smoking too much weed
 on facetime with kreo and he made the smoke alarm go off and his dad is in bed
 just drop the fucking album  im tryna smoke amp fuck my nigga to it @brysontiller... idc who ya baby mama is 
 my grandma asked me if i have weed dishdosjdosns
 i would say klay was a little winded maybe from smoking weed but we all know he doesnt do that...
 alright @ambersdrive way to kill our song alliwant @ jack and jamesons smokehouse 
 thought they was on weed anything at all period
 my grandma thought i was going to get arrest because i smoke hookah....  itstabaco
 im at belly up smokehouse amp saloon in chicago  il 
 mountain vista goal sick backhand to smoke the goalie scored by 5 captain derek nead  022 left in first.
 im at city of weed in ca 
 .@realdonaldtrump you should finish all your press conferences by throwing down a flash pellet and disappearing in a cloud of smoke.
 yo boyfriend dont let you have friends damn im just tryna smoke aint tryna bust a nut me 
 finally found a good place to get all my marijuana products 
 inconsideraterude smokers are the worst. if you want to slowly kill yourself be my guest but do it outside away from me. leave me alone.
 @kaylayearwood i miss you bruh lol chris brown albums and some weed tomorrow
 really not tryna smoke an optimo
 its one of those sit outside and chain smoke while listening to brand new nights.
 i had 1 glass of wine and my stomach already hurts. marijuana for life tbh
 lmao i went for a smoke and missed the game winner. seems right.
 who tryna smoke open pad
 i was so angry he asked if i needed to smoke a black
 who tryna smoke
 somebody to smoke with would be nice 
 the cashier at 711 asked me if i had the munchies and if i had weed just because i bought a slurpee and fruit snacks smh
 no id smoke with him 
 who tryna smoke a wood
 kilted sunday a little variety  take your pick...i think ill make the fire pit blaze and smoke.. maybe a kilted f 
 night out @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 my kind knows how to roll a little smoke  my kind knows about a hard earned dollar  we drink jack straight  no coke... kipmoore
 its official id rather smoke than drink
 baby bought weed amp rillos  so to him
 @wolasvegas   watch out  for all that ufo weed on the strip  hahaha  
 having smoke detectors is not enough to save your life...make sure they work firesafety testyourdetector whfd 
 definitely something on fire smoke smell is strong amp hearing fire trucks now 
 tryna smoke
 fire in the heart sends smoke into the head  @ baranda cafe amp 
 i always forget how much smoke making bacon on the stove causes. and smoke sets off smoke alarms. welp p
 fuck the socalled libertarian weed voters. onceinalifetime stupid choices. they wont make the same mistake in 
 tryna smoke some dooopeee
 fred was making breakfast and the smoke alarm went off 
 last night i found out that my grandma has a medical marijuana license and that my doctor uncle makes her pot brownies.....
 winter weeds flowerreport 
  atl is nice asf. this weed situation would be the only thing to make me not want to move here lol.
 @randpaul we are for your plan to completely deleteobamacare do not let one little bit back like a weed in your garden it will start up agai
 weed workshop introduces ont. seniors to world of medicinal marijuana   cannabis elderly pharma hcsm
 wonder if gov christie story in @nypost is intentional fake news to smoke out more leakers
 @1susyq hadnt thought of smoke detectors interesting that they go off in later scene amp venue.
 my first nicarusticabelly its an awesome smoke with mapcocoffee @ two rivers mansion 
 if you dont give your weed some fire play while breaking it down it wont smoke and burn to its full potential
 hangovers are why id rather smoke than drink
 smh and all the money i make in the winter goes to lawyers weed and da bros
 its been a little over 24 hrs. i need to smoke.
 i love to smoke outside when its nice but its trash when its cold
 my neighbors need to hurry up cause im tryna smokie smoke
 trumps version of the truth is to blame the smoke detectors for his house being on fire
 that after smoke slumber gtgtgt
 @tammy4u2nv thanks. smoke a number for our numero uno uncle.  chillwithchabo 
 @atheistrepublic be sure to get the weeds in the corner.  sorry  thats terrible
 @mcfaul @elisejordan @steveschmidtses would love your thoughts on this piece sure seems like a lot of smoke which usually means fire.
 i was gonna see how long it would take for my coworker to go on a smoke break when i clock in amp she just left to take one before i clock in.
 @lexshawty lol when its snowing id rather smoke in bed
 caution with 6 laps complete in heat 4 @highsidetickler rolls to a stop at the top of turn 4 after heavy smoke into turn three dirtcarnats
 i set off the fire alarm from lighting a candle and the cop told me to put hairspray on the smoke detector so it doesnt go off hahaha
 redwood smoke shack plate  a little bit of everything. redwoodbbq ribs pulledpork brisket 
 hey @zakthebaker just had lunch at your deli. loved it as usual. but 1 smoke is unbearable 2 18 auto tip for par 
 not even a little bit its that spanish guy that sold us weed at walgreens that time 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  little more high in smoke now
 some weed would be nice
 @un funding the house an sen as well as fake news corporate medias smoke screen funding them too they need to keep going after russia in
 happy sundayfunday everybody lets hang at old crow smokehouse today and play some country and 
 smoke your own smoke ampamp grow your own daisies
 pocket full of money but no weed
 the haute side of the high life sensimag @ cannabis wedding expo 
 lots of tumble weeds on the road today... westtexas
 well i hope whoever found my weed is happy
 tryna smoke some 
  this is just too much damm smoke for there not to be a raging fire going on wearenotidiots whereisthefire
 smoke and mirrors. smoke and mirrors. masterful. dont be fooled. keep your eyes on russia folks.   
 @dredtatted that boy still smoke flocks
 watching miloyiannopoulos on realtimewithbillmaher makes me wish i smoked ganja. at least he accessorizes well. 
 pretty girls in my city suckin dick for weed....i cannot
 im about to eat so much after i smoke dis fire
 i found my weed
 i was 9 amp didnt fully understand the horror  watching the smoke  on the steps w mommy  55th st. it was her bday. 
 hartzy  @rhartzy18 lights the lamp. smokes one over the left shoulder of lehner. 10 blackhawks
 my grandma smoke the loud pack.
 me outside of the legal weed store 
 i dont remember where i left my weed 
 do you have a smoke alarm in every bedroom of your home if the answer is no or maybe  give us a call and well get 
 colorado town getting marijuana shop with driveup window  
 hey bekah its 420 my conservative  weed hatin aunt
 i b laying in the bed high asf enjoying that good marijuana 
 colorado opening drivethrough marijuana shop 
 colorado town getting a drivethrough marijuana shop 
 i just finished unpacking and found a little nug of triangle kush popcorn in my suitcase  that cali weed 
 id rather smoke than drink any day but thats just me
 colorado town getting marijuana shop with driveup window 
 im at old crow smokehouse river north in chicago  il 
 it turns my stomach watching people take cigarettes out of the smokers pole
 who tryna smoke
 sure ill take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 oh no smoke alarm is going off what caused it
 @spulliam it was a non issue. smoke screen
 could use a little bit more smoke.  drinking a son of nutjob @ jakes cigars and spirits   photo
 pretty bitch zip full of weed
 i seen a lot of niggas change ova weed n lean
 could it be that all this media hype was a smoke screen  can you say projection its a personality disorder 
 me and hannah saw a dolphin and found a weed man on the beach today... id say it was a successful day ..
 mom if you had rheumatoid arthritis youd smoke everyday too. 
 when you ot with no weed 
 tryna smoke sum
 @patgarrett8841 @reg1776 medical weed one puff is good.
 then it was that time i got geeked at work with kay and we thought the weed was laced
 im at one stop smoke shop 
 im getting my hair braided so can i have some assistance tonight the smoke out will be real 
 im just tryna smoke
 who tryna smoke
 @patgarrett8841 @reg1776 i gave up the alcohol.dont smoke much.
 @jsensama how do you take off our smoke alarms
 art amp science come together in the quest for a cooler  dryer smoke in this modern take on the 
 im tryna smoke 
 somebody pull up well smoke you out me amp milly tryna hotbox.
 im tryna smoke a wood
 @meanstreetsoma update a tech room full of computers is the source of smoke  there is no fire.
 id like to think that if when i smoked my first cigarette id been told id smoke 50 000 more that id have been like  nah im good.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 this would be great weather to smoke in
 usually after work id smoke one.. but  i promised myself i wouldnt smoke for a while. so  im fuckin with 2 tall boys. dos  x.
 just tryna sit  smoke  have a conversation and connect
 @kaceymusgraves also im a fan of the song blowing smoke i ask my radio station @99kisscountry amp eddie foxx to play it for me
 someones smoke detector is going off and i dont wanna have a fire drill 
 colorado town getting a drivethrough marijuana shop gtgt 
 someone smoking weed set off a fire alarm in my dorm building. i use the world alarm lightly.
 im not sure what set off the alarm. however  sunday night on a threeday weekend at 1 am has weed written all over it.
 colorado town getting a drivethrough marijuana shop 
 might smoke for the 4th time today. my stomach hurts.
 @jessiesarah good.  hoping this ends up being a whole lot so smoke and no fire.
 bubble weed smoke attack  its thc effective
 id bring my friends thats girls i had small crushes on to their weedmans crib knowing theyre about to fuck for free weed amp probably mula
 im finna go outside and smoke
 should i smoke the rest of this cigar  
 who the fuck tryna smoke in memory of my favorite president abraham lincoln
 24 hour smoke shops
 colorado town getting a drivethrough marijuana shop 
 holly smokes this kungfu grandma 
 fog  nope  natures smoking weed 60s groovy @ redbud farm and caprini creamery 
 @stlmetro just witnessed another marijuana transaction on the 641 eastbound from cwe  and heres the supplier. 
 and to smoketh once more
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke yeah
 breaking fire  @ 16th terr amp oakley. thick smoke but house was abandoned. @41actionnews @kcmo @kcmofirechief 
 i keep coming back 2 the idea that trumps behavior is a smoke screen  he says 1 thing  nikki halley another so he keeps putin wondering
 @sethrogen trumps going no where. smoke more weed.
 guess ill just smoke 2 day until this girl pulls up. car in the shop and is raining  chillaxing mondaymorning 
 @rihanna smoke one for me today sus. 
 the western colorado town of parachute is getting a marijuana shop with a driveup window  believed the 1st in the state
 colorado town getting a drivethrough marijuana shop  
 @realdonaldtrump tired of you trying to blow smoke up the behinds of the american people.
 basically what the universe is saying is that im forever alone but at least i have photography and weed
 why use river rock mulch on a commercial project weed suppression  longevity and ease of maintenance are just a fe 
 @foxnews @vp @potus trump call out media as a smoke screen. he has not done the things he said he would so he shifts attention to the press
 @markhoyt84 blasting through cold smoke in the breck backcountry. biggest sale of the year just 
 its raining and i have zero amount of weed 
 the best thing about being outside on a nice day has to be inhaling a nice wiff of cigarette smoke 
 my fav thing about this school is that people say shoot dang and holy smokes unironically
 alright im finished dealing with school for the day  whea the weed at
 who tryna smoke that
 id smoke a poll
 its too cold to smoke 
 went on a run  did some yoga now im gonna make a smoothie and sit outside and tie hemp 
 djchiefcapo  @ smokeyshope of virginia 
 how close is basil and weed they have similar  buds
 sure ill take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now 
 me and @rihanna celebrating our born day together off the coast of barbados rolling the finest of weeds on caribbean booty cheeks
 the making of american marijuana documentary... 
 when i do smoke  i make sure its @cigarsbackwoods   by thisisbingo @ kansas city  missouri 
 rather smoke a blunt
 poor joey gets so frightened when the smoke alarm goes off. this time i found him in the bathtub.  pitbull 
 at city hall  demanding @atlcouncil pass marijuana decrim. stop mass incarceration. be on the right side of history 
 @billpostoregon i thought marijuana 7 million so far would help why no one talking about that  tax revenue
 if you rolling anything less than a 1.5 in a backwood you not really a backwood smoker
 @bonginn666 so it is the weed i thought i was just a lazy fuck
 holy smokes i think my backpack flooded down the river... beers lol  lostinlove 
 shietttttttt and i thought my weed was strong 
 good weed gives you the allergies 
 i was rea see if u was tryna smoke 
 new tech tonics podcast  entrepreneurship at the intersection of marijuana amp medicine   @hellomdcom @dshaywitz
 perfect weather to smoke outside
 im tryna smoke
 @nicoleelewiis hahaha smoke break oops they left
 waste of weed but still amazing 
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter garden  fl 
 theres no longevity living off negativity fuck it id rather sell reefer than do pizza delivery
 @cnn go smoke a little more of that  colorados finest  that will help with your pesd. really  youre becoming a national threat. fakenews
 what heals depression better than isolation the album belly by helmet weed and online job applications am i right fellas rang a lang dang da
 steady over here having a mini asthma attack tryna find opportunity to go smoke
 who do you stand outside the gym and smoke howbowdah how
 how do you stand outside the gym in smoke whodoesthat 
 he smokes so much he probably have weed in his blood stream 
 dude im literally going to sit in my room  play xbox  smoke  play online and do work random kid in my comp who sets fire alarm off 247
 can you see the smoke hahaha test time again  @ the driving school 
 why would you press and break down my weed
 its so annoying how bad i get the munchies after i smoke
 shes a little red wine   hes a little bit of whiskey smoke
 might make a funeral happen. smoke that thing down like a backwood.
 i found 21 and a bag of weed this weekend 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 im the livin proof that you dont need a masters just to be a masterpiece. people passin faster than im passin weed
 im tryna gram  but no one tryna smoke whats going on 
 my vagina was a little bit of the weed 
 so much for staying home... @ the strand smokehouse  @strandsmoke in astoria  ny 
 we have several generations who cant look critically at information and assess its value  truth and meaning. trump nation built on smoke
 happy birthday madre madre60 with @hsyoshioka and @amyoshioka @ smoke tree ranch 
 who tryna smoke
 deving @diigo profile into personal brand  annotating tech startup  cannabis amp business management articles 
 wine  smoke  and a movie would be nice right now.
 tryna smoke 
 id rather be  smoking weed
 @carlruiz @opieradio hey guys i just bought one of those smoke guns for when i dont want to fire up the backwoods smoker any culinary tips
 plan tonight is to smoke amp go ham in the kitchen
 if i was a smoker id b off this earth rn
 theres smoke before the fire
 make sure your weed jar always nice and full  
 @mrhennigan @dougstanhope @daleberan and i thought my weed was good...
 you and your bush tumble weed lookin like hair can get outta here mane 
 where there is smoke  there is fire
 wondering why the crowd at the staples center was chanting this is awesome at the start of braun v big show then i remembered legal weed.
 like he was a backwood well smoke shorty
 neither but if i chose i would rather smoke 
 ab729 new nonmedical marijuana licensee regulation. 
 high key hate brownie edibles id rather just smoke 
 lookin at pictures of ganjas sets and realizing you are gonna be living that shiz in 3 weeks 
 when ya thought you was outta weed but remember your secret stash 
 circa survive has no need for smoke machines  vape nation is out in full force for this show.
 i love it when my coworkers smoke me out 
 colorado town getting a drivethrough marijuana shop 
 lowkey really liking having to smoke outside now since im too paranoid to do it in the dorm anymore lol i like being outside and high 
 i want my weed but its outside  guess its time for da pillzzzzz
 i cant smoke no flimsy ass backwood
 when i do smoke i always smoke alone
 im convinced ilike weed  more than humans       shrugs
 id give anything to smoke a blunt with @as3era  his eyes are to die for beauty
 at 330 am  6 ne weed siskiyou co  ca mesonet reports nontstm wnd gst of m54 mph mfr 
 at 503 am  12 ne weed siskiyou co  ca mesonet reports nontstm wnd gst of m63 mph mfr 
 beat court in bingo  and our bet was loser gotta smoke a cig outside topless. which resulted in her taking a half naked smoke break 
 drugs factory containing 500000 of weed found in 15 million mansion yards from buckingham palace a squatter 
 when you get 420 off not to smoke weed but to give yourself a nice 4day weekend for @c2e2 
 im just tryna make it to work early enough to smoke before i start tbh
 is that smoke smell is sarasota and bradenton the polk county fires
 thick cloud of smoke over here on the west side.... is something on fire @wftv
 @wesh what is producing the smoke on the west side of town
 im tryna smoke
 whos up tryna smoke some woods
 just trying to make some mickey mouse pancakes but my smoke alarm has another plan for me
 did you know that you can have free smoke alarms installed in your home by contacting the red cross 
 i use to smoke  the weed until my fingers burned
 im showing up at ur house with weed and a breakfast sandwich and theirs nothing u can do about it
 @billblevins @pzimmermanroses i have lots in my yard. i found a small colony under a large pot yesterday as i was weeding.
 7 am9am workout my arms dead. no school kan so fucc this workout mite be a waste ina smoke all day n mayb drink some hendawg n eat smh
 550k4 busting underage drinkers  dime bag smokers 112kyr  
 @nightinthewoods should i smoke a little weed while i first play this
 im outta weed  
 anyone tryna smoke
 @acutelyimmoral weed has no negative side effects btw 
 maui wowie | split end hair serum  this herbal blend of argan  coconut  hemp  avocado  jojoba 
 head full of smoke...body full of ink. ion measure it no more i just pour it till its pink
 @texasstandard i dont know how texas could pass up this chance to make a whole lot of money. its time for marijuana laws to change.
 agenda for action  cut property taxes in half amp end racial segregation no american should be jailed for smoking marijuana
 workflo @ wild side smoke shop 
 @sljose haha if you really want to leave it alone  you will. i can easily switch and smoke up right now but im good.
 magic tweets nba scores a half day after they happen. he is going to be so bad at that job. holy smokes
 @ebjunkies wont feel so good when your lights amp smoke alarms  intermittenty going onoff in earl am  alexa.
 im not getting up no more fire alarms... i better smell smoke before i get up 
 i was one of those wannabes was too scared to do the smoking weed part but i looked super cool in my srh shirts 
 history professorone time i was in florida and i saw a monkey crawling out of the trees. it was an alligator.. dont smoke weed.
 but i learned a lot of stuff about the cultivation of marijuana in my horticulture class..
 how we judge people a id smoke with them. b ew the voice annoys me. 
 its just a little bit of weed  
 head full of smoke   body full of ink 
 so sick of the tobacco commercial like ima smoke this marlboro menthol 100 regardless of what you have to say 
 @cannasurveys yes but you could take alcohol away for the rest of my life and i would be content  as long as i can smoke. 
 get this shirt  go on a hike. smokey will be proud of you. 
 omg take all my money and weed cannimanni weednails 
 its a nice day to just sit outside on my balcony and smoke a few blunts 
 gemeir done left the weed bag on my porch and my dad found it ... damnit ops
 @essence    trumps smoke screen to get off the russia story who hacked our account
 @thelastword    trumps smoke screen to get off the russia story who hacked our account 
 burning wood has a secondhand smoke effect on cold  still winter days. if your home is smoking  its time to qui 
 @slate    trumps smoke screen to get off the russia story who hacked our account
 @maddow    trumps smoke screen to get off the russia story who hacked our account
 finally sits down to read book mom sets off the smoke alarm
 @presssec @potus @realbencarson @nmaahc @senatortimscott    trumps smoke screen to get off the russia story who ha 
 @potus    trumps smoke screen to get off the russia story who hacked our account
 im tryna go to the pier smoke smoke dope
 my grandma  wanna smoke  me nah im already so tired  my grandma  comeee onnnn take a hitttt weed is frickin awesome  lmfao
 sure i drink more jack in my coke now  a little more high in smoke now.
 whitehousescentedcandles where theres smoke theres fire  
 @katheringon9 campus safety found weed under benches outside gazebo
 @tedcruz   trumps smoke screen to get off the russia story who hacked our account
 yeah  my cat would smoke down with me for sure
 you smoked crack with a man and now want him to leave you alone. mamacita  thats not how it goes. @karrueche
 022117wf1 1751 market  large corner bldg structure fire wone adult being eval for smoke inhalation. fire containe 
 best smoke shop in chicago @ roots smoke amp vapor shop 
 you borrowing money left and right but you smoke everyday..
 who give head better fellas weed smokers or coke heads
 some weed would be nice
 3.5 in a bwood just so i smoke good
 the smoke detector is really ruining my dinner ambiance.
 medical marijuana bill passes subcommittee and heads to the full 3m committee 
 medical marijuana bill passes subcommittee and heads to the full 3m committee 
 who tryna smoke
 tbt to that time @lindsayyanders thought i was gonna smoke a cigarette when it was actually gum
 holy smokes this place has it all @ tipsys liquor world  @tipsyslw in littleton  co 
 this whole time i thought the wifi router in my room was my smoke detector...
 its almost a shame to smoke it  its like killing a unicorn
 wouldnt smoke any assets or a full star
 this invasive weed has massive amp rapid growth. unchecked  its weight can take down fullgrown trees. any guesses 
 im tryna meet the uncle who occasionally smokes crack cocaine 
 you take small hits you exhale too fast ok cuz i smoke fire and u have 2 hold onto your mids for 60 secs like ur smoking rock
 york refs here at hemp
 @jimcramer buddy of mine got into insy because he believes in cannabis healthcare  whats your thoughts on its growth potential
 who tryna smoke
 i only smoke on occasions lol
 @ceremony just so you know  i do smoke weed and listen to this album 
 basically  hemp went on a 10  2 run in ot.  lights out..congrats to @hhshoops
 @judithkirby i was going opposite direction but something was on fire black smoke and smelled lots of police and fire
 @maddow rachel please do not allow trump to change conversation about russia  there is smoke and fire.he want to change conversation. dont.
 nick just smoked english breakfast tea.
 found the weed  
 who tryna smoke
 in the last 12 hrs i have jacked off 6 times alone. inwas high on weed last night. best jack off
 all i could want is to smoke nice weed with a nice person
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 these blunts finna be fire af lol i mixed my uncle weed with her uncle weed
 lmaao but why my math tutor  60 years old  asked me if smoke  
 id rather have dinner dressed nice with a beautiful woman and sip wine  smoke go to my place then fuck the night away then go to a party.
 would run thru it if i coullllld smash that smoke that bitch get it understood
 found a small as roach so i used tweezers to smoke it 
 nonabortionrelated services r a smoke screen under which tax  can keep funding abortion.  majority of amcits do 
 @jovzilla lol im just tryna smoke man
 make sure to check your smoke alarms firesafety  
 trying to smoke a backwood in los gatos is almost impossible...   none of these places carry backwood and theres no smoke shops either
 i promised my mom i wouldnt smoke tonight because she was going to have company  my room is hotboxed and im probs going to get killed
 used to always listen to this hoe when id smoke at night freshman year 
 rearranging my room and found old writings of mine and weed that i forgot about  lol very successful night if you ask me
 and it was 3 niggas outside. hey was like its raining weed  
 watching sdlive and becky lynch entrance song is the barracuda goal song and was thinking whew is the smoke when we score sjbarracuda
 go ahead and light the weed play some shit that you can vibe too
 would you rather smoke on an empty stomach n get the munchies or smoke on a full tummy n feel like a jolly fat high content santa claus
 @ryleighhwhite when we would smoke a bowl on the way to school and have to sit through physics 
 georgia lawmakers work on conflicting changes to medical marijuana program  via @cannabist
 im outta weed 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now   a little more high in my smoke now.
 i smoke weed for breakfast
 um smokes poutinerie delivery yes take my money thank you.
 @evilmark420 how was the weed
 whos up and tryna smoke
 @wfwpohio anyone should have full complete access to medical cannabis. period. decriminalize amp legalize.
 im tryna smoke 
 have dan roll my b. and smoke it to myself. he insisted on it.
 the world would be a better place if everyone smoked a lil bit of kush
 no liquor or ganja for a year is easy.. but sex  omfffggggg  i  for strength
 i got her a rottie stuff animal w jewelry  2pac shirtampshades then alcohol. inside the shirt was some condomsampquad of weed. not too shabby.
 last day for smoke amp co alarm sales for fca  employees. firesafety
 @newdaycnn ive accepted rep admins before.  not a poor loser. its potus integrity. re russia. where smoke theres usually fire.
 if my boss didnt tell me ppl would be checking our fire alarms id be concerned why someone was pumping pretend smoke into the store 
 planting acorns and pulling weeds  an alcohol recovery story from a crossfit athlete alcoholfree recovery 
 i set off my smoke alarm making tea. im not fit to adult.
 a small fire in the night can quickly become a catastrophe. many fire depts give out smoke detectors free. red cros 
 it was all good until my momma found out i smoke lmaoo
 @msnbc    trumps smoke screen to get off the russia story who hacked our account
 finna take my weed to school to make it through this day
 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews  is james okeefe about to smoke cnn tells hannity hes set to release hundreds of hrs of newsroom footage
 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews  is james okeefe about to smoke cnn tells hannity hes set to release hundreds of hrs 
 claims to make a fortune off medical marijuana stocks in fl  cannabismedicinal investments 
 lol i always have weed and no rellos 
 dont know how anyone can smoke american spirits 
 kelson do you think like dogs or apes could take over us.. mr.piippo kelson...did you smoke this morning for breakfast or something
 i smoke  i say no to fu
 head full of smoke..body fully ink..i dont measure it no more...i pour it till its pink. 
 no working smoke alarms in brampton home where 3 died  fire marshal says 
 pretty sure 90 of the athens fire departments job is responding to fire alarms that go off because of people smoking weed in their dorms
 i smoke the best og
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now...
 my roommates set the smoke detector off everyday..... can i sleep in peace
 would i tax marijuana sale if it were legal yes i would start a first responder petion plan give it to thoughs that deal with it most
 @realdonaldtrump learn the history of hemp.
 @joshtpm @tpm nice thing about a nuke is that it has the exact same density as weed  so if you weigh the bale you dont detect a difference
 im just tryna smoke man 
 @joshtpm @tpm we need to close the weed gap
 nothing turns me on more than cigarette smoke getting blown in my face 
 prolly smoke the rest of my weed in one backwood. fuck it
 best bbq east of texas @ 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in kissimmee  fl  
 okeefe about 2 smoke out  fakenews  @  cnn     
 okeefe about 2 smoke out  fakenews  @  cnn     
 so whencaliforniasecedes well take wa  or amp nv with us. well have our own ncaa tourney amp a coasttocoast marijuana pipeline.
 so whencaliforniasecedes well take wa  or amp nv with us. well have our own ncaa tourney amp a coasttocoast marijuana pipeline.
 broooo i finally fucking found that song  im yes going home to smoke to it 
 all of my coworkers smoke cigarettes 
 @wehoville agree city council should focus on attracting new businesses tied to the marijuana industry. increase tax revenue into our city.
 the new @cannabisculture marijuana shop in ottawa on bank st. opened today. @ ottawa  ontario 
 in the event of a fire  go to the stairs. avoid the smoke. officesafety1ren
 we are having an inspection at our house on friday and none of us know where we put the smoke detectors when we took them down
 the pinnacle of vaporization  the new pax 3 in rose gold. on sale now at cirrus smoke shop. 
 anyways today i found out the dude who smokes out of an oldtimey pipe outside my dorm is just smoking weed in it. i was shook
 wearing my snuggie outside to smoke 
 who tryna smoke doe
 as has been proven so many times in the past  where theres smoke theres fire. in re russia  incredible stupidity or high crimes
 watch your head smoke shop 
 and today im siding with @betsydevosed   they must be up to something reaaaaalllly bad.   the government of smoke and mirrors..
 rep. anna moeller is now calling hb685  which would prohibit municipalities from listing milkweed as a noxious weed. monarchs milkweed
 story is all smoke no fire.  .....ill show myself out. 
 @eliselaurenne i would go outside to smoke in my car which was away from everybody and got reported for suspicious activity
 im 98 sure they all smoke lol 
 im just tryna have a good dinner w my family and they just talking about marijuana. 
 all 4 of them habitually smoke marijuana cigarettes
 @dcartscenter @whitehousehstry make it happen a smoked gouda would be nice
 nice out.. i should smoke outside
 and we have a full duration 380 second rs25 test @nasastennis smoke and fire @aerojetrdyne nasasls 
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smokeeee 
 @oreilly @tuckercarlson @hannity what has been cost of legal marijuana and sanc city pls educ americans we need it  pressure for chg
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter garden  fl 
 me and @briannalynn421 always set the fucking smoke detector off.
 @mochamami so nudity and marijuana have no place in the art world
 flame the smokeless fire in @nerdswhogetlaids review of @simonoliver01s hellblazer 7  
 oomf has the best weed   be having me throwed for a long ass time
 i can smoke a blunt with searle amp in another hour or so  hes telling me how much he believes in me.  he treats me as an equal. not his kid.
 this climatechange shit is so terrifyingly evident now i am just going to smoke hella weed and enjoy life ignore that scary shit
 find @besomatik cannabis cold brew at harvest shops today thanks for the shoutout httpst.cokuovr89qky
 if you like to smoke and create art get at me i need more art studio buddies
 i scrolled past this hella quick and thought it was weed  
 you can smoke weed and still be a successful human being
 @tofefire  i have a question. if inside a rental property its law to have smoke alarms. why not make it law for fire extinguishers
 im tryna smoke
 little bit of henny and some weed smoke smoke
 el paso fire dept urges everyone to check their smoke alarms regularly  change if necessary amp have one in every 
 exhaustive list of things libertarians care about  1. weed 2. taxation is theft 3. weed
 who tryna smoke in atlanta
 need a fresh alternative hempfire is the best weve found  hempfire hemp fire doob joint 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now 
 breaking  texas republicans pitch new voter id law to weed out illegal voters  to get ids you need proof citizenship
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now  
 the cannabis activist  prince of pot opens a new shop in ottawa  after others have been shut down. 
 when youre classmates smoke weed right outside the class. no fucks.
 @realdonaldtrump smoke and mirrors wboarder control no new policy. fake policy again
 im just tryna smoke and bruise
 but yo if she bring swishers to the krib  u gotta kick her out...but make sure u take the weed 
 i asked my grandma if she could bring me food and she said she has errands to run then i told her i have smoke ampnow shes comingrnlolshefunny
 just posted a photo @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 man i was just tryna smoke and go home 
 day one no weed successful
 my mom just witnessed me sell weed shes fucking maddddd
 maaaaan my cousin was going to surprise me with a big ass blunt with the rest of the weed i had left  i was hiding  shoutout to the real
 who tryna smoke dait
 @kelllsooo honestly wondering why psychiatrists are backing hard drugs and denying weed.
 ifiwonthepowerball  i make marijuana legal in  norfolk virginia  igetshigh 
 @kass710 @arielc6 so i grab a towel and run out to a pot of smoke like there is so much smoke im not sure there was beans in there at all
 @kass710 @arielc6 i turn off the stove and grab the closest thing i could find to blow the smoke away from the smoke detector....
 @kass710 @arielc6 smoke detector is down the hall so i run over and start wafting the damn smoke while trying to hold on to my towel
 lafd working a high rise fire at 333 s grand in dtla   heavy smoke on the 43rd floor  5 additional task forces requested breakingnews
 wow...i really thought it was just me...like i purposely wont smoke before i take a shower lol
 make your weeding a memorable day with weddingchicago hummer limo  
 if they not updating weed firm 2 then im deleting it. tryna get these edibles poppin
 i like a little captain in my coke  you know i like a little good time in my smoke
 all covered in snow @ in the shadow of mt shasta in weed  ca 
 work was so busy. i had 10 margaritas to make  8 soft drinks to do  food was ready for my table  tables wanted more salsa.i was in the weeds
 dont listen anywhere there is a smoke detector  because my mixtape is fire garon 
 someone just left my house and left me a blunt and all her weed. should i marry her
 @fiftytwobook blackberry smoke at @townballroom jun 24  2017  
 dont get tatted by a bitch ass that leaves in the middle of the session to go smoke some shit
 @cartoonzncereal sell weed outside 711
 im just tryna smoke but dont like to smoke alone 
 ran outta weed  only thing left to do is play 8 ball
 @avihyman @israeliamerican hi avi  yes i remember. i pitched a @wh weed out hate event amp trump tree planting  televised globally.
 @hubvolmer this is the art of the deal  waiting until trump cannot live wo weed out hate....
 @newday the devos comments are a smokescreen  if she means it she would meet with @glsen @pflag and others
 and some protesters set fires to camps releasing toxic smoke in air..hypocrisy..so much for clean air and water.. 
 its almost as if trump only used lgbtq people as a smokescreen for his antiimmigrant bs but press took the bait 
 little bit of henny with some weed smoke
 man escapes uninjured after smoke alarm goes off at halls lake home. the house was destroyed 
 all this smoke about ncaa coming hard after ole miss. as history proves with other schools and ncaa theyll just collect the fines and go.
 i almost started a fire and the smoke detectors started going off and none of the 3 sleeping people in my house woke up ...
 i almost started a fire and the smoke detectors started going off and none of the 3 sleeping people in my house woke up ...
 i take a toke and all my care goes up in smoke
 @shadfromdc @1bradweiss @tklittles after cannabis  one would need lots of bacon  i sense a littles lecture series in our future.
 tryin smoke outside
 rather smoke 
 house fire smoke in the basement 
 all of this is smoke screen remember aca where is the rewrite its in russia
 what  did you smoke stogies and drink jack daniels together outside the taco cart
 ayyyy boss told me come in at 3 today   who tryna smoke 
 @gop theres smoke but we havent found any fire regarding trump russia claims.   everyone dies from smoke inhalation
 who tryna smoke
 windows are open on this 60 degree day because i set the smoke alarms off making turkey bacon  oops
 dropped the backwood on my thigh lastnight tryna smoke all cute and sexy 
 im happy its nice out because i can comfortably smoke a blunt outside later
 healthcare providers that smoke ltltlt
 tryna smoke at least 12 ls today
 do you mind if we smoke this blunt outside
 such a nice day to smoke weed in a cool nature type place
 roll your weed for you in the morning and take you to breakfast
 do u mind if we smoke this blunt outside
 packed house at ricks smokehouse for annual terre haute kiwanis club boys sectional luncheon for teams competing a 
 white house denies marijuana news report  via @massroots about time we have a little munchkin elf who is a god
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 yeah  the weed made him violent...lmao.  not the pcp he doing. nope  the marijuana. 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke
 the guy smokes pcp but nah im sure its the weed that made him murder 3 people 
 manafort faced blackmail attempt  hacks suggest  where there is smoke there is fire in trump campaign
 nothing like making the stove smoke and then the alarm going off
 im tryna smoke
 @nbcnews for crying out loud man dangle some treats  catnip at least their reward is a ball of smoke and plastic between their teeth
 @reyesangela253 it tastes and smokes amazingly well and has a great hybrid effect to it
 so i found this dooooope cannabisfriendly place in colorado where you stay in a fucking tipi wtf okay
 my grandma thought the cat nip i bought was weed 
 this day is starting off great especially when your math tutor smokes you out. 
 w00t laura spins and wins at cirrus smoke shop spinandwin fortmyers capecoral smokeshop 
 @marimolina385 yes  good to know. also  if there is a fire here were all dying because there was lots of smoke and no alarms went off.
 if flume plays smoke and retribution at bluesfest im gonna explode
 my hemperco box is on its way and i cant wait to see whats inside  hemperbox hemperco 
 if trump was actually an evil genius hed legalize weed and decriminalize heroin immediately.
 jack im rich  i smoke and i have property   lady bracknell who are your parents   jack i dont know them  lady 
 dabs are much stronger than other forms of marijuana and may take effect very quickly. remember to take it slow. 
 @potus @putinrfeng and of course the people still left over from past administrations that needed weeded out why 
 niggas would rather save 20 and smoke on some mids rather then some jet fuel
 i smoke weed for breakfast  i drink lean for breakfast
 i got a reallocate good deal on some cheap weed and now all of my shirts have little holes all over. need some shirts. wildinsuranceclaims
 you aint missing out. the after effects of weed arent nowhere near as bad as recovering from a hangover 
 if you would smoke a blunt that you found on the ground  you are addicted.
 a person full of words amp not of deeds  is like a garden full of weeds.
 if you call gars rillos  you cant smoke wit me.
 id rather give you my top.  then to let you breath on my last bit of indo smoke. id rather give you my top  tonight 
 when you get an interview from a cannabis startup 
 i got my mom to smoke with me once when i was 14. she thought she was dying and made me cook her nepali food. 
 @reptrentfranks spend  to build a wall  or make  by legalizing marijuana. seems a nobrainer. @estheryuhsilee 
 got a sweet visitor on a motorcycle... @ wild side smoke shop 
 the office or weeds is what is usually played in this house. v nice 
 the great barrier reefer  bongripper  emeticrecords . among my mosttreasured albums on 
 i smoked a joint outside today with flip flops on and my toes werent frozen solid by the end of it. nice.
 @beautyix yes bro like you not about to waste my weed be pissing me off
 as shitty as this administration is  they should be providing free weed to all of us. lots of it. like now. 
 fu to the smoker in front of me causing me to have to leave my windows closed on a 68 day 
 sittin in the trap blowing thick smoke
 so voters your recreational marijuana is no longer safe as per todays press conference. marijuana trump
 trump on marijuana and then i really believe we should leave it up to the states. @seanspicer says today otherwise. waste of federal time.
 im jus tryna rock designer and smoke out the bag 
 @vixenrogue @gop my daughters calculus prof taught them how to draw weed on their graphing calculators. then find area of it. mathrules
 i step inside lanes in a beloved walmart chain setting alarms to go off same time angry store manager out back on a smoke break
 if my mom found out i smoked and did this... id honestly cry 
 sniff a little coke  take a little x  smoke a little weed  drink a little bit
 one of our new brekkie sandwiches at the southie shop starting on monday the 27th. smokehouse 
 @emilyboxing otoh if i decided to smoke again  was arrested  and convicted of a misdemeanor  id bet money id be better off.
 didnt expect to see this up here in winter. a pretty weed @ 
 fed gov lgbt rights are best left for the state to decide also fed gov states who have legalizdd marijuana must b 
 none of my weed man answering
 remember when a trump presidency was supposed to be good for marijuana 
 @hankstserdude56 @cannabist all marijuana use is an attempts to medicate.
 @cannabist gives one a feeling of comfort as one smokes there marijuana. there just going to blow tax money and steel from people again
 happy weed number
 trumpgop using their pol. capital to take away insurance  go after weed  harm immigrantsrefugees  amp pass regressive tax cuts seems...risky
 im sure the private prison folks are stoked about impending legal weed crack down. 
 colorado you can take my weed when you pry it from my cold  dead  sticky fingers.
 if the trump administration ruins all of the progress that has been made toward legalizing marijuana... ooohhhhhh 
 we could see greater enforcement of marijuana from the trump administration  according to comments made today 
 minimum wage now on august ballot.  marijuana  go bonds  18th cent eco devo tax for inner city on april.  fast times on kcmo ballot.
 id smoke this kid 1 on 1 
 keeping score  presidentbannon going after weed users. lgbt community. women. hispanics. jews. muslims. healthcare maga my ass
 with a rause if hands how many of you have been to a vandy party where there was coke  molly  and dirt weed 
 its not just me that feels the urgent need to smoke when the weathers nice  right
 remember sessions thought the kkk were ok until i found out they smoked pot 
 no smoke when i exhale im tryna gets high homie
 @realdonaldtrump im still going to smoke weed regardless of what you do so fuck you 
 @ngaio420 just keep buying the little bags of weed. that is how you beat them.
 drink a little drink  smoke a little smoke
 my grandma and aunt just asked me for some weed
 .@realdonaldtrump leave our weed alone  puto.
 finding a shorty who smokes with yoh takes the stresses outta the situation
 reminder when the feds shut down was legal cannabis there will be little to no medical marijuana left. since we made them illegal in wa.
 so today the administration is pro private prisons and anti transgendered people and anti weed so much winning. please stop winning.
 get high while you can the trump administration is going after legal marijuana  
 whos tryna smokeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
 @realdonaldtrump at it again. stealing jobs from americans. marijuana is legal here. leave us alone. getout privateprisons making millions
 dont fuck with our weed revenue. angryseattle 
 soul food... yes god @ oleys kitchen amp smokehouse in orlando  fl 
 coffee and a smoke after dinner 
 im just tryna smoke
 as trump starts crackdown on marijuana  remember when they tricked users  hightimes cannabismedicinal cannabis
 every so often i hear a beeping noise come from inside my house  i havent located it yet  but its real freaky no its not the smoke alarm
 id rather be smoking weed  my opinion on vaping
 chula bar is a bar so absolutely no outside beverages are allowed inside the bar amp dont be an asshole and drinksmoke weed outside either.
 the final straw is when trump takes away the libertarians weed mark it
    poutine huydiet @ smokes poutinerie ottawa 
 i smoke a blunt to take tha pain out ampamp if i wasnt high prolly try to blow my brains out .. in hopeless lordknows resteazypac 
 i smoke a blunt to take tha pain out ampamp if i wasnt high prolly try to blow my brains out .. im hopeless lordknows resteazypac 
 im wondering if there is a correlation between people who smoke cigarettes and those who dont 
 who tryna smoke
  whats the big deal about legalizing weed anybody thought about the hemp
  whats the big deal about legalizing weed anybody thought about the hemp
 long as you cuddle and smoke. maybe do a little coke.  we good. 
 lets just disregard the hundreds up millions of dollars of tax revenue and the thousands of new jobs marijuana has 
 when one job has a strict drug policy and the other instructs you in how to grow weed
 if i did smoke id be facing 
 just tryna smoke and relax the rest of the night 
 anyone trynna smoke this backwood w i.
 smoke weed in a school bathroom n probably not we just needed to cross it off the bucket list 
 who tryna smokeeeee
 lets play everyones favorite game is it dank weed or a dead skunk
 thought trump would legalize weed by now
 holy smokes what an ot
 thats a big fuck off and leave our marijuana alone. 
 tryna smoke but not tryna roll
 trump is coming to take away your weed 
 whos tryna smoke me up
 id rather be ya nigga so we can get drunk smoke weed all day
 backwood so big cant smoke it all alone
 nice amp boozy. a good amount of smoke amp a nice bitterness. itll be interestin... gazprom 2017 
 we gone smoke a dip  all of it   not a little bit.
 people passin faster then im passin weed
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 this would be me if i can even reach the smoke alarm. 
 @hfdincidents structure fire at nations food is false alarm.  generator smoke causes the alarm 
 tryna smoke big dope but everybody sleep.
 whos tryna smoke im tryna get dummy high
 i found a doobie and smoked it till it was nonexistent 
 explain why one who decides to not eat meat is considered healthier than the one who decides to consume marijuana rather than chemo
 and not one was due to marijuana. leave weed alone and go after the real problem. 
 @ottbutt i bought some for my mom when she used to smoke and the guy legit thought i had a fake id.
  @realdonaldtrump @stephenkbannon maybe smoke a little and chill the fck out
 its a must i leave marijuana alone..
 you just smoked mine odeeeee 
 walking to west and i found a dub bag full of weed luckyday
 because youre a nug of weed riley 
 how i weed out the tourists 
 when you tryin to sleep after a show but all you hear is a distored smoke alarm in your ear
 @scottda11666529 @scottadamssays @cernovich @realdonaldtrump fortunately  marijuana is not a narcotic.
 @karrueche understood but had a good smoke tho it was potent 8
 donald trump is about to prove republican hypocrisy by cracking down marijuana. well see how much rs like state rights with weed.
 good album to smoke too
 @bretbaier i love trump but please leave my right to smoke weed alone
 im just tryna smoke this stress away with you
 my nigga really tryna make me go outside and smoke right now leave me the fuck alone im in the bed 
 these old niggas talking about how they used to smoke colombian gold and panama red 
 private prisons are in trumps pockets and trumps about to enforce recreational weed as illegal federally.              1 12...
 @nonpckevinmc jeff sessions compared recreational marijuana to the opioid epidemic. theyre going to attack colorado amp others.
 @dublinhempco right about now id like to smoke all of them.
 broo i swear the girl above me in my apts sets her alarm for 420 just to wake up and smoke lol
 on my way once i smoke this blackjack with my og 
 tryna smoke
 @realdonaldtrump leave the legal marijuana alone. its harmless and enforcement is a waste of our money. tax it
 just in time for marijuana arrests and predeportation containment.  pure coincidence i am sure... 
 smoking weed makes you anti semitic
 and furthermore susan  i would be surprised to find the 4 of them eventually smoke marijuana cigarettes.. reefers
 and furthermore susan  i wouldnt be surprised to find the 4 of them eventually smoke marijuana cigarettes.. reefers
 @realdonaldtrump maybe should blame the fire  not the smoke alarm.
 @theintercept amp that proves his incredible ignorance on the subject amp the true facts abt cannabis. period
 sure i take more jack in my coke now   a lil more high in my smoke now 
 when somebody drops  wastes weed 
 if you smoke cigarettes just go ahead and leave me alone since you tryna kill yourself anyways 
 broooo im just tryna get some weed and these niggas be tryna converse
 the smoke has looked like fire for weeks now. 
 @sheriffclarke @realdonaldtrump good job.... weed them out    expose  little by little.
 .@realdonaldtrump says recreational weed should be a nono. bad news for ca  co  ma  me  nv  wa states. 
 pounds of weed sour ds that medical for my allergies
 @realdonaldtrump leave weed alone
 im tryna go smoke then eat my weight in cb cheeseburgers who is with me 
 i just published blood  marijuana  and a pesky stairwell  
 @frediculous the dude has his own strain of cannabis  created an underground label  maintains a car club  puts on for his city
 white house indicates potential crackdown on recreational marijuana | drug policy alliance 
 state rep joe moody sponsors legislation to decriminalize 1oz or less for possession of marijuana. sure would help overcrowded jails.
 im at mckoys smokehouse amp saloon in charlotte  nc 
 i need to clean my car inside and out and get an oil change  but i also really want to eat and smoke a blunt... to be productive or not hmmm
 dill weed has been shown to have antidepressant amp analgesic effects  without any of the adverse side effects from 
 i just sit outside with all the smokers like 
 well i found a bag of weed on todays walk 
 write your congressman and tell them and trump to leave weed alone
 @kosababy @ayddendawn i gave him a little weed brownie hahaha go dad
 if you call yourself tryna lecture me about smoking weed  be prepared to get cussed out
 no one repeat no one has ever odd from weed  @apcentralregion 
 whatever fuck this im going back to the crib and change and smoke a backwood
 i done left my weed at home wouldve been nice to smoke outside on this break
 still blazin still blazin still blazin  cuz ganja power so amazing
 aroma smoked red all the way through taste a little b... raquette river smoked red ale  photo
 a stash of xanax  cocaine  and marijuana was just found inside a jordan. love my school 
 @herrerabeutler what is your stand on trump releasing his tax returns where are you at on recreational marijuana
 @d2derpinator congrats on surviving the tank mines in the streets of chicago or chiraq  as i like to call it to score those smoked meats.
 what would yall rather smoke out of
 gonna have to start stockpiling weed. this shit show of an administration is going to take everything we love.
 sit back and take notes while i take tokes of the marijuana smoke
 i mean i dont smoke or anything... but marijuana should be decriminalized for sure. nixon administration messed th 
 @haleyrigdon id smoke the fuck out of that tree though. 
 replace at least 2 smokedetectors in your home amp well upgrade 1 of them to a smokecarbonmonoxide detector. 
 thanks to a great suggestion we decided to spend our honeymoon in the smokey mountains. we ate 
 @trichomics with so many seeds out in the open non feminized  this weed could become invasive the horror
 i leave her alone for 5 minutes and she starts weeding the yard. mom noargumentshere yardwork 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 dearmrpresident take marijuana off the banned substances list so you do not wreck the colorado economy.
 @politico @seanspicer @hadasgold when my smoke alarm goes off  i like to smash that thing with a hammer. like the press  doing its job...
 its too nice to not smoke outside with a margarita...
 this is my managers contact. im pretty sure she smokes meth and her name just so happens to be krystal. enjoy 
 im a responsible consumer of media  so i take in info from a variety of sources to weed out bias rather than closi 
 he employee of jack in the box just smoked half a cig and brought it back inside to the kitchen. thats gotta be against the health code
 this employee of jack in the box just smoked half a cig and brought it back inside to the kitchen. thats gotta be against the health code
 who tryna smoke i got 20 on it 
 the trump administration thinks reefer madness is a documentary 
 for canadas amp israels marijuana industries  a budding partnership  interesting amp weed startup links via @thecjn
 not sure why but i am seeing references to copd in my newsfeed. i lost my mum 2 12 yrs ago to copd. my advice do not smoke
 still a big story. blocking press big too  but dont get lost in the weeds 
 ballot measures aim to rein in losangeles unruly cannabis market  @thecannifornian @journobrooke
 tryna smoke 
 .@annericeauthor its how we found out the trump administration would be treating recreational cannabis patients like violent meth criminals
 ld708 new an act to use taxes on nonmedical marijuana and increase the tax on cigarettes to partially offset th... 
 how do my pot smoking trump supporters feel about this oh... you thought he was going to legalize marijuana you g 
 trump administration floating coming down on rec marijuana  same day as man in kansas shoots 3 people.  he was drunk.
 @mikeog starting to feel the side effects of voting trump hows weed being illegal again gonna feel
 @dorimonsonshow does anyone know where the 250 million in weed tax went gracious
 this is so very much similar when i seen going out to smoke that evening at straight street 
 if ur gonna federally outlaw weed then federally outlaw gay marriage and well call it even  k
 @anncoulter @realdonaldtrump we want legal marijuana silentmajarity tax it create jobs pay debit 
 follow the smoke thru the maze of glass only at harmony underground 
 shout out to all the reporters who smoke weed
 wow  he is a crack smoker. he thinks anyone that doesnt agree with the current administration id a false narrativ 
 man fuck trump how are you going to be for legalizing marijuana now all the sudden switch up on everybody
 trump better not take my weed
 28. well timed smoke alarm. kudos on that. lalalandlivetweet
 @cloudn9nesyrup did you see spicers press conference this week on thc marijuana and feds
 just got to our rental house in nashville and im pretty sure im getting a contact high from the smell of weed 
 when the weed is literally fire 
 @realdonaldtrump if you would do not step into the marijuana situation. leave it to the states. just like the bathroom situation.
 so im about to smoke alone orrrrr
 its all smoke amp mirrors while they do their trillion dollar oil deal with putin... 
 shorty said she love asians  so i smoke weed for the side eyes 
 who tryna smoke before i start facin pieces. its still beautiful outside
 @toofadeddavid @hipsstirmey she was obsessed with juicy j  everytime we would smoke she would play that album
 this guy at chapin goes do you smoke tyler and i said no so i bought he was about to light a cigarette.. nope
 im tryna smoke a few blunts on the way to my brothers practice but no one tryna ride out with me
 improv at denverwisco they should make weed mentos. and weed diet coke. and then... well...
 when you smoke that fire 
 la hoe i got my smoke u the one hasslin me ova a phunky ass gram u better take it r leave it 
 imagine if some previous administration had taken the opportunity to take marijuana off schedule 1.  i once hoped for that change tytlive
 who tryna smoke
 cash me in chicago  how bout dat @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 to much is going on in my life  i need to smoke and chill for a bit . 
 incident crews responding to fire alarm at 1775 s redwood found heavy smoke inside the warehouse. all 3 employees accounted for.
 watching a nigga waste smoke  im dead.
 anyone know what this weed is. have a little bit coming up on my miniverde greens. 
 update 10 min in  crews on fire attack report fire under control. other crews ventilating smoke. search crews confirm all workers are out.
 i went to a smoke shop with kristin and the worker thought i was 14 
 leave marijuana out of this.
 nope  this con man just useing them as a smoke screen  so the reg. blow back doesnt lead back to him.  @goplatina1 @nickdangelo43 @foxnews
 @damienmckenna smoke yes  and probably fire too 
 i guess tonight wasnt meant for us to smoke either they out of town or on the other side of georgia .... what the fuck
 and so preston hessefort amp sage nelson for tryna steal our weed but we had yall out here lookin dumb 
 @ac360 @johnkingcnn @davidaxelrod where there is smoke  there is fire hes doing this so when it comes out about russia he muddied the story
 drink a little drink  smoke a little smoke 
 @dougbenson enjoying your smokeathon we have a little party enjoying this sheesh thx
 im tryna smoke big dope 
 nobull smokehouse is hiring cooks  bartenders  and servers flexible schedules apply today 
 ganja wine  2 oz of ganja in big plastic bottle fill with wine  let sit 2 months in fridge  enjoy cost is  10 us p 
 so fierce dollyparton lookalikecontest williamsburg brooklyn @ mables smokehouse 
 ok where the fuck can i do the ritual. its freezing outside but smoke alarms would not enjoy me burning paper
 . @ old crow smokehouse  @oldcrowsmokehse in chicago  il 
 my friend just purchased a flamethrower to kill weeds. who knew great for creme brle  neighbors barking jack rus 
 to the people smoking weed outside my room...id really appreciate if you went somewhere else before i get interrogated
 trump makes these outlandish statements amp controversy as his smoke screen. its his taxes  he must file his taxes.
 where there is smoke  there is fire  trump tried to enlist officials  lawmakers to stifle russia stories  
 my gma calls her citi card rewards amp goes can i buy marijuana amp wine w these   i literally cant.
 they see the smoke from a distance  theyre coming to find your fire trump. cnn russia  freedomofthepress
 @naomibowler is there a song that will take me to a dilapidated basement filled with pizza and weed
 @thatkiidosmik i wana go to this particular shop that has a great ftp because ive already used mine haha obviously id smoke out whoever
 it was well played by city  never intended 2 use sugarhouse  overpaid for property  smoke screen 2 pull attention away from other3 @abc4utah
 where theres smoke  theres fire. 
 @gabyfane well remember that folks like @republicoftrump have fallen for the indoctrinating smokescreen of  the lgenpresse narrative
 like there is no weed to be found amp im pretty sad
 @oneof1x you would smoke neno
 4some reason i feel like hemp2o and a lil bit henny or crown would be fire or a total waste of money
 nikki probably sleep i have none to smoke with
 overheard on the red line that train smelled like piss. ill take weed over urine any day.
 when theres smoke  theres fire.  
 witnessed a murder scene... he was killing weeds. 
 i just know that if i get old af imma just smoke and bump tracks on my scooter thingy even if i can walk perfectly fine
 and further more  susan  i wouldnt be the least bit surprised to learn that all four of them habitually smoked marijuana cigarettes
 if i were a drug dealer  id have a rewards card. every time you bought x ount of weed id throw in a pre rolled blunt or some shit
 @terriblechan im glad they didnt find  smell  take my weed lol
 the grass isnt always greener on the other side what you seeing might just be smoke screens 
 id rather be smoking weed
 how can a smoke room with a smoke detector know when its a fire
 @mohamadhafiz76 he smoke outside
 when the cats away  the mice will play. @croumeliotis @paulroumel @ old crow smokehouse 
 i went out and smoked weed now i can sit inside for 2 months cuz hey   i went out recently i deserve sum alone time
 @jcrosscomedy @michelledbeadle id do it for weed. 
 head full of smoke body full of pink
 im tryna smoke
 when u dont smoke so you just stay inside cos its kind of cold outside 
 open for business go to  to check our online smoke shop. click yes if 21 amp up to shop tokedaddy tokedaddyshop
 @0jaededajuice you already suckin dick for weed. might as well go all the way
 sr317 new georgia congressional delegation and us congress authorize study of medical marijuana in georgia urge 
 @realdonaldtrump is trying to distract the american people because he knows theres fire with all of the russian smoke.
 @deanleysen thoughts on weed
 @realdonaldtrump we need marijuana in this country  to fight opiate addiction and make big revenue for the people  the state and fed gov.
 56. smoke or fire above this city 2005 this album was one of the many soundtracks to my teen 
 i had a dream a teacher searched my bag for weed except all they found was a gansito
 i say if trump tries to take our weed away  go to washington and start throwing seeds everywhere lmao
 who wants to smoke in a bit
 update 15 min in  fire is under control. search crew confirmed no fire in warehouse. light smoke made it inside and crews are ventilating.
 highspeed advertises 55 lemonade delivery with a very special gift  a small bag of marijuana. is it legal 
 @nytimes smoke screen focus over there to keep heat off he and his fascist admin from being investigated.
 @speakerryan no smoke and mirrors. fully repeal obamacare and replace it with a real healthcare. americans are watching the republicans.
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smoke.  
 i know the fire alarm is going off  but i dont smell smoke so nothing will keep me from this 
 @seanspicer when did you change your mind  we all know thus is smoke screen and really all abt russia it will back 
 @laurianamae hey smoke a little.... just another day... living how we live catchy song. lets work 
 @realdonaldtrump it went down because of obama policy. has been going down every month. obama inherited global recession. more trump smoke.
 @sensanders the federal tax on legal marijuana here in wa. is through the roof. its a major state amp fed revenue.
 smith in the clean up smokes a ball up middle off pitcher  out at 1st but scores another... 20 davie
 how come its fine for the bishop to be a pedofile extortionist but you cant smoke weed somethings off. switch them out.
 if anyone was wondering the smoke detector in my room is singing in series of fives which isnt annoying at all
 we gettin ready for @dabathoncup  come smoke with us today luckydabs707 @family1stpharms 
 our smoke alarms have been going off for 10 minutes
 coffee has strong withdrawal side effects than weed.
 well trump is tryna take away recreational marijuana everywhere it was legalized  fuck
 i mean its getting smoked regardless
 i just want trump to leave my vagina and weed alone
 @melisaa0110 used right theres this place in the corner of hemphill and seminary 3040 used.
 rad trippin 24 hrs to co amp back will most definitely be worth legal weed amp seeing chance the rapper at red rocks amphitheater liveyalife
 if i had weed id give it to you  
 its not home unless dad sets the smoke alarm off making bacon.
 @elisejordan sure got that right about trumpmcconnellbannonryanpriebusetc gop energy dea war profiteerswhere theres smoke theres fire
 call upgraded to 2nd alarm as smoke came from underneath. fire under control at 1028. investigation ongoing  resto 
 trump and spicer ought to pick their fights more wisely  attacking marijuana is a big no no in a country trending towards full legalization
 i am bewildered by the fact that people thought trump was going to continue with the legalization of weed 
 i take a little more jack in my coke now. i take little more high in my smoke now
 sure i take more jack in my coke now alittle more high in my smoke now
 im tryna have a smokeout today 
 i dont smoke to get high   i smoke to medicate
 right up my alley  little smoke  decent roast  very nice... spike devil porter  photo
 @abc spicer should try a little weed. might make him tolerable as a human being
 brunch @ belly up smokehouse amp saloon in chicago  il 
 were assisting the red cross today with free smoke alarm amp co alarm installations in loveland.  great volunteers h 
 got weed and no rellos
 remy  nicki dont want no smoke no heat with you leave ha aloneeeee
 getting drunk on my own at the chalet so i can take some more face shots of cold smoke bummin bbowlslidin
 i always leave my weed bag 
 the 1 song on the american top 40 for the week of 22677 was new kid in town by the eagles.   we had the best weed back then as well. 
 @owenxlang omg i thought that was weed in ur avi
 at this point  if the smoke amp mirrors trump admin bars you  youre the pinnacle of real news sources. if they hate 
 sus @nickiminaj just apologize tell her you didnt mean it. take the l amp bounce back next week you dont want rem smoke sus
 leave weed alone it has nothing to do with opioids just let us get high in peace  
 whos tryna smoke a bleezzyy
 just rolled my first backwood.. lets just say a regular backwood smoker wouldve kicked my ass
 i just realized when i was 10  frank used to send us into the dugout saying spark it up and smoke some grass 
 in all seriousness none of my weed men answer
 @debrakdabra @chelseahandler russia  a smoke screen  real issue are idiots like you chelshit lovers idiots promised would move still waiting
 im in the city and im looking to smoke some kush
 id rather drink then smoke any day
 rivernorthwinefest @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 rivernorthwinefest @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 pocket full of weed amp money
 just burned my fingers tryna smoke a cucaracha
 you can buy a bag of heroin 10.00 cheaper than a pack of smokes 12.75pack  tax in new york city  no tax on dope.
 @richardgrenell @jakesherman lots of folk dont know when theyre getting smoke blown up their asses 
 rivernorthwinefest @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 when its thunder storming outside  its the best time to smoke  rolledone formybabeampi 
 litty titty shmitty ditty im fucking tryna smoke
 hi im an anxious mess and i just found out that matts little bro has 4 or 5 other boys spending the night too so idk how to smoke
 they have decided to us this groundless narrative for more smoke where there is no fire hillery sold 20 of us ura 
 bathroom break @ weed rest area in weed  ca 
 i go outside to smoke amp we tie it. guess im hanging in the rain for ot now lgr better make this worth me getting rained on
 @billwalton please smoke a bowl with me rockchalk
 the angryhigh people have spoken. leave our marijuana alone  @realdonaldtrump @mikepence @govsandoval lasvegas 
 merrill smokes one to third and they cant handle it. run scores. bases still full of frogs.
 rather not smoke alone
 @babytwin11 make a right at the light when you see mcdonalds in hempstead  and it will come up on your left hand side
 parents found out i smoke...
 its all good tbh id rather smoke alone at home than share my shit w fakes
 i just went outside to smoke a blunt and didnt wear shoes. then i ended up getting locked out 
 @eamaddenmobile season. blitz. smoke. cant get blitzer to come from left side. only right no matter play reverse.
 with a hand full of beans and a chest full of weed got me singing bout a bitch while im blowing out my steam
 reach the end of the road take a right last apartment on the left overlooking the lake  ask her how she use to give me wine amp smoke pot
 finna smoke amp take my asss to sleep
 @simonegiertz maybe magic blu smoke 
 @ccaarrlooss4 fuck i was going to invite you smoke hahaha jk lol
 @sanguiniusxiv i tried to drunk make cookies once and decided to take a nap. woke up to smoke alarm going off. a
 @scootmullin @ekbladjesus nope. shes smoke and mirrors and a beeeeotch.
 i couldve sworn weed was legal
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 i roll my weed to ease my mind a little bit
 @mystthecougar wow. love all the weed art . one of mine you might approve of 
 theres not enough weed in the universe
 @lacrossemom5 smoke wafting
 @shesova @redalertnow  have u even red the art of the deal ... smoke amp mirrors my friend ... he is full of 
 keeping warm at the hempfest fire hempfestcentral winterfest membership @ hempfest central 
 pretty sure ive weeded all conservative trash from all my social media by now but i made 1 last fuck trump facebook post just to be sure
 also we found some weed in magic kingdom today. good times
 you tryna smoke some beer
 im pretty sure im high from all the weed i smelt during this parade
 leave it up to me amp amanda to set the hotel alarm off from the weed smoke...
 breathe mami  this is good weed mami
 55365 | drink a little drink  smoke a little smoke 
 @khloekardashian grasy lay off the weed khloe dont look a day over 105 walking fountain of youth shes really the last good american
 can weed be legal in georgia already 
 @chasewilson1998 well thats because you smoke menthol
 hey twitter. im at the bar. all of my friends left me to smoke cigs
 who tryna smoke  
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 ive been waiting to smoke this fatass blunt i rolled but its fucking cold outside
 @derbyksfirebuff fire attack giveing smoke on the inside no heat yet
 why is 420 the weed number why not 911 @smikhaelamia
 he rather smoke   i do both 
 tryna smoke sum titty milk
 maybe a little weed.ampamp converse.
 who tryna smoke
 that little smoke sesh with my coworkers was dope
 kristen said i wasnt allowed to make mozz sticks bc the toaster will set the smoke alarm off
 @noidedaf i smoked the little weed that was left in squidward since i moved and i thought of u a teared up
 man who tryna smoke  
 these beers cold  anyone tryna smoke and record or sum
 im just tryna smoke
 nokia with her little black book of marijuana @ toke signals headquarters 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 who tryna smoke
 all my coworkers smoke and its sooooo great 
 time stretches have no effects to those who smoke marijuana religious
 i smoke to just blaze boiler room london dj set
 who tryna smoke some og w the kid
 all my coworkers are about to smoke together after close
 i promised myself i would socialize but no here i am smoking weed and drinking root beer all by myself letting my thoughts consume me
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 my weed is from the shop 
 i think i would rather die in a fire than have to wake up this early just to change the smoke alarm battery.
 wishing i could smoke  would light a fat backwood and ko 
 @realdonaldtrump @nytimes smoke screen donald  not falling for it  we want to see your taxes  we want to know your relationship w russia
 tyler apparently thought i said he could take my car and my son out in the middle of the night to go smoke weed with his friends
 exmodels run green angels  one of nycs most successful weed delivery services  merry jane  
 my grinder  roll up  extra weed  blunt splitter and lighter would fit perfectly. 
 the warm weather can come back now. i hate winter jackets. @ north hempstead  new york 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 i wouldnt smoke a bitch ass thing if i was any type of pro athlete. id be high off life with all that gahdamn money
 post  smokes at @7eleven in clifton  nj 
 anyone tryna smoke
 i really appreciate the smoke sesh anissa treated me to last night. it was so fucking well needed and i was faded as fuck.
 @facethenation asking this now makes me think all that was before was just a smoke screen.  perhaps why it was never reported.
 when people ask me why id rather live in colorado than florida..i show them this pick and legal weed of course. 
 i just found my weed
 also im pretty sure that the smell of weed is burned into my nose from last night
 heads to the smoke shop in harbor city 30 min before im supposed to clock in 
 im tryna smokeeeee 
 @noahgallegos hahahaha we went outside to smoke and i ended up taking the whole blanket bc it was cold hahahaha i was on ass
 who tryna smoke
 nowhere to smoke 
 so much smoke surrounding comrade @realdonaldtrump. find the fire. its there. 
 tryna smoke with some hynas
 i hate drinking id rather smoke
 id rather be smoking weed
 why would u waste weed like this smh 
 whose tryna smoke
 who tryna make some cookies and smoke some blunts
 where id rather be at a weed festival high as gas where i am in the library dying  springbreakwya
 im a nanny  i work at sys pizza  im a sup for the kitchen at the u of o  i trim weed and make clothes. i no longer have a social life.
 gops issa calls for investigation into trump  russia  via @usatodayoperation smokescreen
 @delanaharvick its a @kevinharvick kind of day delana but... uncle smoke was too funny
 its gorgeous outside  time to pull the smoker out. ribs are about to happen
 no smoke detectors where the fire started. tragic. 
 @ainsleyearhardt @potus @foxnews @foxandfriends i live in a state where marijuana oil is curing kids with seizures in 5 days. ask about that
 who tryna smoke
 take 10 minutes  right now  amp check your smoke alarms 
 hickenlooper on meet the press its unclear whether trump administration could stop legal marijuana 
 while you were sleeping @ north hempstead  new york 
 who tryna smoke  on me
 who tryna smoke
 went to the shooting range this morning then treated myself to a movie . now home to my weed   homework and call of duty
 a smoke and a pepsi. @ ikea 
 remeber that time @conanobrien filled those pinatas full of weed with @icecube @kevinhart4real @teamcoco   that was super dope 
 i got a two hr break all i wanted to do was smoke a blunt and eat some 
 @delanaharvick the great thing about happy harvick is his nickname is the closer baby 4 the win get one for uncle smoke
 my roomate set off the smoke alarm and the fire department had to come
 anxious to see how this plays out in colorado and other pro weed states.  theyre making a fortune and im sure wil 
 @sensanders to begin with it was the federal government that started the big lie about marijuana with reefer madness  bs propaganda 
 and i was working marketing at the weed shop so i was able to work and get paid the whole time i was in chicago. workhardplayhard
 @elixelite all i smoked was like 8 dabs d00d wym
 @awardsdarwin or why men find better and stronger weed than women.
 i thought jr. was going to dive low and avoid the wreck. must have been blinded by the smoke.
 this is video we obtained of the smoke from this fire earlier actionnewsjax 
 rather smoke solo than share my blunts with phony people
 trayvon was killed while serving a suspension for having an empty bag with trace amounts of marijuana.   trayvon sh 
 just realized my galaxy s7 screen is in 3d  i was trippin thought i was see in shit thought i was hi but remember i dont smoke...lol
 moleg my wife struggles with disabling rheumatoid arthritis pain. medical cannabis should be put to a public vote. @ericgreitens @protectmo
 topic of breakfast was weed lol when is it not though
 bey. my eyes was so red. i thought ise bout to dead. i saying how i ga tell my mummy i had weed and das why i dying.
 tipped the couch amp pulled everything out from it amp found 8 lighters  130  cones  a remote  amp a bag of weed. id say its a pretty good day
 perogy poutine. enoughsaid @ smokes poutinerie ottawa 
 @rawstory how can something be fake when all of the intelligence agencies have knowledge of it its not a smoke screen.
 i smoke a little bit of pot constantly
 who in clw beach tryna smoke me tf out  @aldo
 1. you cant die or od  from weed so thats that   2. its edibles... hes trolling im sure of it lmao 
 @nwsmemphis what is the current wind speed a direction i was just wondering will the smoke from the fire blow towards bartlett
 @dalejr @kurtbusch @tonyoldman41 @jguarneri41 1st with the cat in the hat  now with shr  congratulations smoke.
 can we be outside at night listen to music while we smoke cause its much needed
 just rearranged my furniture and found a nug of weed under my bed amp now im smoking it. hope i dont die
 @breezymae23 cruise over  i have wifi weed and wine
 where theres smoke theres fire. a insight into the failing trump administration trumptard easyd twister  
 i love @drbronner soap  but their hemppeppermint soap gives me slight discomfort in the bathing suit area. 
 funny how smoking weed and sticking up a finger proves that your guilty and deserving of murder... 
 hated to see the kid run outta fuel  but i guess my consolation was a victory for the blue oval nation and good ol smoke.  daytona500
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now 
 cant believe we set off smoke alarms 
 who tryna smoke
 rasheed wallace wearing his own allstar jersey  which he signed  over a nice  starched shirt while vaping the weeds 
 theres probably cocaine on his desk and a bag of weed on the bed but thats none of my business @aaronagetter 
 need coke  bars  weed hit up aaron getter @aaronagetter
 i sat here for about 10 minutes trying to remember something i knew id forgotten. turns out i just forgot to smoke the rest of this joint.
 i walk in alaynas house with a bag full of candy and her dad goes whatd u get her marijuana
 when the smoke alarm goes off while cooking dinner. twice.  oops
 iowa town hall feedback personally i think a valid drivers license or voter id is required to attend these  to weed out troublemakers.
 i smoked too much before my shower and i started showering with my glasses on the one and only marlon
 josh and i accidentally set the smoke alarm off by vaping...
 sure i take a little more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 true story they filmed some of fences in my weed dealers yard and he was stoked about it.he recorded denzel laughing amp i think he was high
 you deserve rounds  alt caption smoke grenades are a pain in the ass  but so worth it   lightroom 
 almost went outside and left my weed on my bed  moms woulda flushed them 8 grams 
 bryant smells like someone threw a pound of weed in a burn barrel and set it on fire 
 you know youve had the good weed when it makes you tweet at doughy mustached bloggers during the oscars @barstoolbigcat 
 im tryna smoke a blunt and have a light saber battle
 sorry id rather smoke than drink  sorrynotsorry
 @hoponmyjetlife me everyday when im tryna smoke 
 @realdonaldtrump why cant you just leave our fucking weed alone at least. you hate anything that makes anyone happy go swallow a grenade
 tryna smoke sum
 i smoke weed for breakfast 
 my grandma really flushed down my weed in the toilet  .......... 
 too much ganja  hahaha i believe @realdonaldtrump is behind this scandal 
 so who tryna smoke
 side note im completely out of weed 
 wondering why bed smell like weed then i see the shirt i wore yesterday 
 someone has some screwed up priorities  weed is more important than human life i mean really 
 it was a joke id smoke more than you young bull 
 my brain is an abomb of thought blowing as a volcano of thought erupts and im just walkin thru the death smoke of thought lookin for my keys
 everybody thought i was playing bout that weed lemonade shiti was chugging like 3 of them bitches high asl
 20oz of weed would be nice rn
 .@nbcpolitics hickenlooper  meet the press its unclear whether trump administration could stop legal marijuana  
 for the weed man to be on the other side. 
 sure i take more jack in coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 the new smoke alarm goes off anytime the oven is on. 
 i thought id smoke a bowl while the shower was heating up and i forgot it was on. now the water is cold 
 pretty sure i put myself in a weed coma lastnight 
 math test  smoke break  nap. sounds good to me
 @yusschr @notabubble @7wtc lol  nothing like talking stocks over a scotch and a smoke
 people passin faster than im passin weed
 @michaelskaggs45 i thought school was cancelled once in sophomore year when there were a lot of fires and temecula was covered in smoke
 sure i take a little more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 this kid wont let me smoke a cig on his porch and is sketching out about smoking on the porch... who r u and why am i here
 the smokebox  number plate  and highlight of prr 60  an 060 that is being reclaimed by the 
 ion smoke none but thraxx
 .@pdxfire wrapping up a small basement fire that made a lot of smoke. husband  wife amp dog made it out ok. fire unde 
 @pallensmith in  nj we have no winter. what effect on spring gardening too many weeds
 scares me a bit. a big part of my 90 year old dads pain therapy is marijuana. the benefits he gets is amazing 
 the list of people close to trump who have ties to russia wont even fit in a tweet.  where theres smoke 
 if i smoked this id be trying to turn the brightness of the sun down outside with my iphone 
 also got an interview for a marijuana shop holla wishmeluck
 its no longer where theres smoke theres fire.  theres fire.  and hes toast. 
 i thought the baby was drinking weed 
 216pm  i gotta go outside and smoke me a cigarette before school ends
 part 1 how will the legalization of marijuana effect canadian society and how has society change over time in regards to...
 fortunate to have been in israel as this was happening. humbling and exciting to witness progress cannabis movement making around the globe.
 i literally voted with my id but just got denied going in a smoke shop because it was expired
 tryna live on ur couch and make weed pancakes
 after a tragic home fire last week  riddle fire dept. is holding a smoke detector campaign. more on @kezi9 at 5 amp 
 did a gjco couple simply follow legal advice when they ran an unlicensed weed business @gabyreport explores 
 install working smoke alarms on every storey amp outside sleeping areas. its the law imfiresafe4march 
 enjoying a nice fonseca nicaragua corona smooth smoke and the perfect size for a lunch break cigarlife 
 not sure  but thats the primary food source they also eat ailanthus  essentially a weed tree which provides infe 
 virginia weed is trash lmao
 guise who selling in the boca area rn   im tryna smoke
 i fr do everything alone  shop  smoke  chill by myself and be loving it 
 full of marijuana smoke 
 tryna smoke  not tryna roll
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter garden  fl 
 i was just about to fall asleep and then my smoke alarms went off. why.
 pretty neat seeing wildfire smoke changing direction as the cold front comes through. okwx kswx 
 got so much weed in my blunt i can make a mullet
 so i just found out my dad and my stepmom smoke
 not sure if i should smoke this outside or in my car 
 pretty intense smoke from the brush fires today. naples swfl 
 this coming weekend remember to springahead step 1 turn clocks 1 hour ahead.  step 2 test your smoke alarms. 
 sure  i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 @tammilead @npr how do we know with both sides blowing smoke  is there really a fire must stop on both sides 
 he also told me hed bring me weed and tequila hahaha what is this
 hate this weather  i can taste the smoke from all of these fires 
 there is not enough research done on marijuana usage and pregnancies so you cant say anything for sure but...
 my phone autocorrects week to weed...
 oh i get it......trumptower was a smoke screen to head off the repeal amp replace nonsense.
 love you dad  @ silver star smokehouse amp saloon texarkana 
 walked outside to ash falling on me and smoke choking me out and the fire isnt even super close
 whos tryna smoke 
 im tryna smoke
 time to stop being antisocial  take a break from painting and smoke one with my friends. artlife futuredeadartists
 vanessa is absolute smokeshow. is she gonna get dumped bc she went on american tv to marry an american  but wont leave canada thebachelor
 whos tryna smoke 
 pull up smoke one and dip
 @foxnews @jahimes  fisa fisa fisa...  wheres theres smoke... theres fire..  democrats and rinos think were stupid..  draintheswamp
 i smoke weed to silence people noise . why are you always high  they ask . its because id rather not be sober around your lame ass 
 ima just smoke a blunt with @kingddre and let him play with my booty 
 little ceasers has a smokehouse pizza...i need it
 fmfd hearing impaired smoke detector program  
 i smoked thinking i was going out to dinner then doing my hw after but i didnt go out to dinner so now im high struggling to do my hw
 whos tryna smoke and get food
 sooo my bro thought of the symbolism of chris turning the animal lion when he wakes up to go outside and smoke
 all im tryna do is smoke blunts and get hella money
 white capitalists currently profiting from potshop grey market  set to make  from legal weed  while black men languish in prison 4 same.
 i smoke og only 
 i smoke to many blunts to clear the river of my thoughts
 it should help us weed out the hipsters and millenials as well....  is that 
 @foxnews  where there is smoke their is a lot of flames on the dems side
 leave it to twone to sneak out to smoke and set the alarm off lol
 trump has us turned around in a normal case  campaign collusion would be the smoke and the prorussian foreign policy would be the fire.
 californiamovies little smoke shop of horrors @midnight
 in my day  soccer players could smoke on the pitch. 
 whoever lives in or close to weed  ca  hmu for free play on sundays  the more  the merrier 
 house full of people that smoke weed but a lighter is no where to be found. 
 f3h calle de espana hvy smoke n fire from rear of house  crews attacking  water on fire  extra rescue requested  
 like i smoke inside but i want to be able to smoke outside too
 lowkey thought little caesars only made hot and ready pizzas...didnt realize they had a smokehouse pizza... 
 @realdonaldtrump legalize weed the tax money can pay for a wall and americans will be proud its made in the usa. buy american  american
 my nose mad stuffy  im in a smokey ass casino  my belly full from buffet  im drinking henny  im tryna su....  nvm
 @governortomwolf full legalization of cannabis. should have never been illegal. pa should have been the first state to reverse this history
 at this point id rather people blow cigarette smoke in my face rather then fucking vape shit
 last moon ritual i did was w brandy and we went outside in the ice cold after we burned our papers we smoked it was great
 lesson learned dont smoke before you go out im high and mellow pretty much im low key and boring asf in this bar 
 no lil4 boy thats more gas ina a backwood hilling with his smoked ass
 no lil4 boy thats more gas ina a backwood chilling with his smoked ass
 checks progress grades im still goin to smoke
 all i want is a fat jar full of weed 
 trump is pulling the puppet strings of the press to control the narrative. wiretapping is a smokescreen. 
 who tryna smoke
 i never thought id smoke a cigarette 
 at 630 pm  4 sw weed siskiyou co  ca trained spotter reports snow of 6.50 inch mfr 
 i would set the smoke alarm off at 140am while cooking
 please explain why smoke alarm batteries always malfunction at night 2nightsinarow cantgobacktosleep
 stories on the korner as i rolled my marijuana. suburb home owner i still know the coke aroma. i remember motorolas kouldnt afford minutes.
 @wwadiva2 understand what fisa means. get involved or watch yourself be fooled by smoke and mirrors. its a strategy to deflect.
 .@newday newday  this is where gop amp @jasoninthehouse are at its a legitimate question to ask if obama wiretapped trump.  holy smokes
 illinois treasurer mike frerichs wants more clarity about the trump administrations views on medical marijuana. 
 so you bringing back jobs from your and ivankas businesses overseas hmmm thought not what a smoke screenletsseet 
 .@newday @alisyncamerota @chriscuomo newday cnn  holy smokes great journalism  ty
 @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump @kellyannepolls @gop over 70 of americans want legal marijuana silentmajority tax it create jobs 
 @politico just more smoke screen  change what they look at  find enemies while healthcare  muslim ban and russia simmer in the background
 @msnbc this issueallegations about obama made by trump is just a smoke screen to keep you guys looking the other way  instead of at trump
 @nasa can we get satellite pics of west texas smoke from a fire has blown down like 300 miles. im tryna see what that looks like
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 we dont smoke rellos 
 i need my own strand of weed
 the warehouses filtering system sucks. basically the same as standing outside  in the smoke. 
 take cannabis off the banned substance list and it will instantly drive down the price of drugs. maga 
 from reefer madness to liv and maddie we have really explored similar themes together 
 my smoke detectors beeping... im going to smash it
 fire alarm at kennedy ms was tripped due to smoke in one of the halls. students were evacuated. @abqfire is on scene.
 take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 @realdonaldtrump your tough talk about russia is a smoke screen for the close relationship you have with them. more lies
 pretty sure thats not smog in sky over dfw but rather smoke from high plains ntxwx
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in carrollwood  fl 
 chief art acevedo explains how harris countys new marijuana policy helped lead led to arrest of 4 violent 
 @realdonaldtrump maybe  but wheres theres smoke theres usually fire
 when i die someone make a strand of weed after me... call it sweet jorja brown
 recreational marijuana could be a big boost to smoke shops like utopia in norwalk ... hear from them amp opponents 
 dwelling fire. marine dr. early this morning  pfd fire chief 9 arrived with heavy smoke and fire 
 if weed was bad id be dead 
 attending cnd come to our side event cannabis amp the conventions aftermath of ungass2016 march 16  9am  conf roo 
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter garden  fl 
 the lady taking my blood  you smoke  me  why you tryna match
 summer youth minimum wage pay trash just sell weed in the summertime.
 im tryna smoke a fuckin backwood
 its raining so hard the lights in my house fliccering. if they go out im stepping outside to smoke
 proud to say my jack teapot is on display across from the guidance office @ hempfield high school 
 its a great day outside  imma smoke this wood amp slap dumbass hard all the way too school 
 its a great day outside  imma smoke this wood amp slap dumbass hard all the way to school
 im tryna smoke
 electrical fire at work. smoke. office evacuated  then closed. air quality in my office isnt great at the best of times  so concerned.
 will make u breakfast for smoke 
 who would you rather smoke with
 @childishlibra rather smoke outta fronto same thing and fronto better 
 i went to la fit expo amp chain smoked marlboro reds in everyones face. 55 stars would highly recommend would go ba 
 if somebody bring me a backwood you can smoke with me 
 why is it all smokey outside lol
 id rather smoke weed and be happy than be miserable seeking others people approval
 little ceasers new smokehouse pizza is so retarded dank
 @realdonaldtrump sorry its show and prove time. where theres smoke there is fire.
 crazy to think the fire on the side of amarillo couldve started with just a cigarette butt amp smoke has spread hundreds of miles bc of it.
 ask any ol barstool in this town  ask my new found party crowd  sure i take more jack in my coke now  alittle more high in my smoke now
 look that crap  up dude it was mostly bushes doing fake news just smokeampmirrors to divert from the russia investig 
 @kiraruss why you outta weed money
 wv center for budget and policy estimates legalization of marijuana will only bring in 45 mill  not balance the budge 
 i have so much to study for art history and my midterm is tomorrow but im gonna smoke first.
 sure i take more high in my smoke now.
 donnie boy trumpnice smoke screen but as well as a full independent investigation of your russian friends we want to see your taxes
 shit i rather smoke this weed by myself
 where are you from  baker city  oregon  oh so you must smoke a lot of weed 
 21 tax for rec weed busts my nuts so bad.
 technically when niggas eat booty and smoke it you second hand eating booty so i guess this is accurate 
 my brother was fixing something on the stove and ran upstairs yelling the kitchen is filled with smoke and i almost had a heart attack 
 @jordanwadden @girlposts would not put it past me. id actually smoke while my fish was still living in there 
 anyone tryna smoke
 rocky horror  but reefer madness was the midnight show for years of my misspent youth before rh 
 fuck you s git some h tax my weed amp leave me alone s democracy sorta california local 
 who tryna smoke
 would rather pull weeds than work in an office any day
 12 of yall take xanax smoke weed amp have tried lean so u a unfit fathermother now bye ciara knew what it was when she let him nut in her
 who tryna smoke sum 
 in a sit outside and chain smoke kinda mood
 @potus this was a multitrillion dollar deal with russia and china he is selling us out forget the rhetoric  its only a smoke screen
 its 420 in national city  united states. reefer madness
 we are fighting 6000 mile fire heavy smoke and evacuations. so far  were okay. good news is that wind has died down
 can we get a different section for imdb trivia that weeds out all the x actress was going to play the role of y character but then didnt
 same. like  im tryna understand that transaction. if a bitch fuck a nigga after he smoked her out  im almost sure 
 pretty sure the last time i was here was with my swiss peeps @ salt  smoke  @saltandsmokestl in saint louis  mo 
 elected gov 3days ampfire still blazing @dump. visibility improving. residents say theyve had enough smoke. people urge gov 2address problem
 if i could smoke and chill with anybody  itd have to be tyler the creator
 tech week setting off the fire alarms with our smoke machines. 
 i literally screamed yas when @cenkuygur says we will hear about his recent weed story. tytlive postgame
 elected gov on going raging dump fire affecting all residentsampbusinesses. people breathing toxic smokeamp concerned with respiratory problems
 @chocolakato cept when its cold and theyre like come out side and smoke w meee
 @olathefire fire marshal @fpehiker reminding residents to change batteries in smoke alarms this weekend. 
 @corybooker @charlesmblow  where there is smoke there is fire  just dig a little deeper  u see trump is trying to change narrative w obama
 soo my parents left me home alone and i burned something and filled the house with smoke...my mom just asked if she was raising a 6 yo 
 me and jack smoke in our apartment and the smoke dectetor never goes off but the oooone time jack makes a damn pizza it goes off haha
 shrimp was good  smoke session ina few 
 id rather smoke medicine than deink death.
 whos tryna smoke big droooooooo
 oh hey  elevation. mile high etc. i thought that was just a weed reference.
 when @netways is at superduperburgers the fire dept shows up  no smoke from our side this time 
 lots of smoke around this 49erskirk cousins thing. id be happy to get him. wouldnt trade 2 straight up though.
 lmao jens in the middle of grinding her weed and she found a dead bug in the middle of a nug hahahahha
 thats a waste of weed
 itll be nice to see his swamp tears as he tries to hide them behind smoke and dreads. 
 zentro stainless steel smoke reducing fire pit with kitchler lighting and 1pc granite top from 
 its cool ima smoke hella weed before my test and get a high score 
 smoke a little weed amp have a little laugh w yall
 the new american gothic. also... smokey is packing serious heat. what a detail to include... fightfirewithfire 
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smoke 
 im still ina trenchez smokin good marijuana 
 do you smoke weed on occasion...like all occasions
 michael made sure i had klonopin. and weed..and clothes. i found love i didnt see coming.
 am pretty sure the gop and 45s plans are to weed out the lower income ppl from the world. thisisnotnormal theresistance
 just my thoughts and a heap of good weed.
 you tryna smoke 
 so whos tryna smoke
 you tryna smoke  
 can i go back to the time we smoked blunts with casey veggies because that was pretty dope
 @mahilena  pure smoke screen. wiki is bought and paid for by putin.
 og smokers was on them swishers lol 
 if julie were a juul id smoke her all day
 who tryna smoke
 who tryna smoke
 on g i thought this was weed at first 
 im tryna smoke
 tarzan for sure smoked weed
 police warrants obtained after marijuana found in pineville home after fire 
 @cnnpolitics @acosta obama has burden to prove something he didnt even do  trump is evilhes working wputin ampbuying time with smokebombs.
 im tryna smoke lol
 who up tryna smoke 
 @braydenmcmahan wear a brayden.  i hate cigarette smoke too. im sure the cigarettegirls make good tips. secondhandsmokenotgood
 yo i was just about to go smoke and im pretty sure i heard two gunshots outside
 @mamike4 @realdonaldtrump would you rather smoke a monica cigar
 running a little bit late. left my weed in the crib. now im hella late but i made the right decision.
 @davidbowieub40 you try that new smokehouse pizza from little caesars yet
 daily thought when will congress change the status of marijuana
 @wired insightful  lots of smoke amp mirrors in this industry. nice inclusion of the va amp kaisers good results when hospitals integrate tm.
  lemme smoke the rest of this and stop tryna get my ass arrested
 you tryna smoke or you tryna run niggas on the park 
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smoke 
 students gather outside mjhs as fire alarms ring this morning. faulty smoke detector suspected. 
 woke up tryna smoke
 i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 not sure if the ones in the pots are weeds or not. i just let them grow. the tree stalk was a 
 @newyorktimes110 is fake news and bullshit  now  @foxnews  is blowing smoke with trump colluding with russia  @foxnews is rhe new cnn 
 in chem class and a nug of weed just fell out of my notebook 
 a bit of a rip first thing but nice sherry and smoke interplay on this dram. long smokes on the exit. whisky 
 @journalstarnews outside revenue collection  why do they bother seeking marijuana traffickers  all this time and money for lt10
 31117 set your clocks frwd an hr to be on time for st. patricks parade on metairie road amp change older smoke det 
 i keep getting weed inside my dumb pipe should i get glass pipe screens or just steel mesh ones recommendations
 @teresatothemax @jessehirsch it was hidden in the weeds of the promotions tab of my gmail
 marijuana smoke in my stomach  toasted in public  head in the clouds and my toes in the struggle
 follow the trail.  this is real. its russia. the rest is a smokescreendiversion.  sadly  its rooted in wisconsi 
 and why is @cnn @foxnews ignoring vault7 smoke and mirrors  all healthcare talk...
 i seen my life take a turn as the weed began to burn
 when you go outside to smoke amp almost get blown away
 thats why id just rather smoke a joint 
 when u get the text outside from the weed man 
 @bmaz i went to see smokey joes cafe upon the recommendation of someone i used to consider a friend. it was beyond awful
 @dinkleingus @allhailmswantz make it even easier.. i craved a smoke i went for a run.. cant smoke when your outta breath and a great ass
 idea for a weed dispensary where you make ceramics glazin amp blazin
 fat jacks bbq owner confirms this smoker just found is the one stolen from his restaurant. more at 4 on nbc10. 
 trumps temper stokes wh turmoil.  b sure 2 read 3rd to last parag. smokeampmirrors. planned lies. resist investigate
 trying to be in la with 10 hoes just me and my niggas a little bit of weed a little bit of henny
 about to smoke this j before class in my mesh booties  internationalwomensday
 who tryna smoke
 im smoke alone 
 full of liquid smoke josephjamesbrewing barrelagedsmokedporter smokedporterwithvanillabeans 
 idk if i shalt smoketh alone tomrw morning 
 thats the weed number. 
 and she smoke that fire
 @lyndseyfreeman id say ours got stronger and stronger every smoke circle but we got close through other things 
 went outside to smoke and the shutter came off my building and almost knocked me out. that was pretty neat.
 when you have weed and no rillos
 sure i take a little more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 theres a lot of smoke inside an incompetent and insipid administration  but all the russia stuff may just be smoke 
 step out side to smoke a cigarette  wind smokes it for you.
 since marijuana is federally illegal  how is it that states can legally collect taxes
 went head and washed smoke dawg up 2.... my bit standing tall lol
 none of the above  if we chillin she can smoke 
 muh brain took a smoke break today
 fire and smoke 
 id rather be you n.i.g.g.a so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day 
 @realjeffreylord no fire behind all of the smoke created by dem operatives colluding with media relative to russia 
 if america would just legalize marijuana and tax it  we probably wouldnt be so far in debt
 damned already since when might as well give end to the hempsativaness
 @trinitylegg @kalliburke didnt smoke weed pretty sure he did a lot worse then thatbut whatever floats your boat
 @olganyc1211 wondering if onechina policy  phone call  tweet storm originally smoke bomb2make us not suspect china business partner  trump
 3 grams in my backwood  just so i smoke good
 @stoneystickers i was just awarded top 10 cannabis blogs
 theres a smoke shop blown over  rezlife
 first thing my uncle said to me when i got here was so cece we gonna smoke a big fat one or what right infront of my grandma
 huge fire on i 95 north bound the plumes of smoke and heat was felt in my igloo of a car @wsvn 
 fire amp smoke  
 i can only smoke menthols i tried something new today and well safe to say id quit if thats all i could have 
 he prolly thought it was smokey and wanted his money back 
 my plan was to go out and get weed and chill with people but now im so high from this larry bird i dont feel like driving anywhere
 i want to smoke but its cold outside
 im tryna smoke
 i really deserve this smoke that im about to reward myself with
 shaggin dragging blowing big weed
 anyone tryna smoke some pot
 thank you smart smoke alarm for reminding me that i burnt dinner.
 a grandma that just rented from my shop just asked me if there was any weed dispensary up in bear hahaha
 helen dowe  the first fire lookout  scans the horizon for smoke in her lookout tower back in 1919. 
 holy smokes  what a day. new york city is incredible. i could get used to this ... 
 equal rights  marijuana  universal healthcare  trans bathrooms... we all see the way this is going  why stand in the way.
 peachlife 2017 me mine ours lovemylife decisions @ smoke rise  georgia 
 i was tryna smoke @lauritaaaa2497 out 
 drink a little drink smoke a little smoke
 one nation under weed 
 decriminalize cannabis. healtreat the sick. 
 new house rules 1 leave your shoes outside 2 if you smoke in my shit wo me or 3 leave behind trash  a mess you are banned.
 helen dowe  the first fire lookout  scans the horizon for smoke in her lookout tower back in 1919. 
 my uncle and dad know i smoke so they dead ass stopped at a weed shop and my uncle says gotta get weed for our kids and went into the shop
 id smoke with them 
 teanna trump must be from ova east cause she smoke blacks for fun
 id rather smoke medicine than drink death.
 @tzeeck we just threw an old one out only because it set off the smoke alarm 9 times. teamsheet
 sure id love my smoke detector to die right when im trying to go to bed  highcelings cannotreach
 i smoke to keep me in high spirits    the universe knows i need it 
 thats my favorite uncle on occasion he smoke crack cocaine
 holla fuck the world with my chest full of smoke  i choke on my breakfast  the end of necklace  say dopehouse records  screwston texas.
 where theres smoke  theres fire.
 where im at its kinda cool i live next to the smoke shop and i can sit outside and blow
 id be pissed if they didnt smoke with me 
 so i wonder this as life billows smoke inside my head this little game where nothing is sure
 im just tryna shmoke some weed
 tarzan and a little bit of smoke cause im a lonely loner
 houstons smokeshop stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 when your roommates set the smoke detectors off right as youre almost asleep 
 gov. skeptical about marijuana bills that are advancing at capitol 
 scottsdale fire dept. on scene of a home fire minimum exterior damage and some smoke inside happy valley and alma s 
  how to make a smoke waterfall with sticky notes
 @duketheman1  good morning cuz  the heat is on. will be 90 tomorrow. everything is waking up and the weeds are in full bloom. be safe cuz.
 casually having breakfast in smoke central 
 my prof alright..lets start so i can finish and go smoke a cigarette
 please russia is obamas smoke screen to deflect his corruption and plan with democrats to destroy @potus. maga 
 i found sea smoke smokehouse @tripadvisor 
 ripbig relax and take notes while i take totes of this marijuana smoke 20years 
 @bigstick2013 russian thing with trump is a smoke boom from obama shadow gov. to sidetrack trump the stuff marie labo would love. vudo 
 pretty sure nils has weed in his backpack
 just booked a car to take @lizbeththefirst to the airport. please let her know that were cannabisfriendly. um  sure.  only colorado.
 my team different nigga no fronting..... 4 niggas in their 20s tryna smoke something..... lowlife
 itstimetogetover marijuana being federally illegal...
 guess imma smoke and make myself a big ass breakfast
 did you smoke this morning  no im just tired asf a pos hahaha
 who tryna smoke with me
 id rather have a girl that smoke weed than a alcoholic
 i call my grandma gram like some weed
 wow  coke in the 80s was as recreational as weed is today. 
 when youre outta weed 
 hmmm...how does pelosi keep getting reelected must be some strong weed and narcotics out on those cali streets... 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now. 
 @dallasfireresq dfrprevention installed 450 smoke alarms and installed 40 in the homes of @cityofdallas residents in february awesome 
 @jenetallday while you and your pathetic little life continue to exist im gonna sign off twitter and smoke maddddd weed so  bless up
 no police presence outside the cannabis culture on queen w  but cameraman can see officers inside going through inv 
 @kayleebyeee hey  its a subject @kylekulinski takes very personally. that and weed stories 
 canada continues to waste money arresting tax paying cannabis dispensary owners while accussed murderers walk away without trial 
 @nfl your stance on marijuana is prehistoric. no on pot but yes on toradol take your heads out of your ass.
 i smoke rillos w no weed in them 
 this job might be a great fit for you smokey bones bar amp fire grill  bartender   hospitality kissimmee  fl
 yeah  but peeps saying he cost too much.   change you weed strand  people. campbell  dominant d 
 bakeoff girl scouts challenge weed dispensary to fundraiser  winner gets the cookies 
 we just sittin here tryna win  try not to sin high off weed and lots of gin so much smoke need oxygen steadily coun 
 i make sure you have hella weed. and just clothes in general. winter coats  cute coats.. so why have you been good to everyone else but me
 relax and take notes  while i take tokes of the marijuana smoke
 im tryna smoke a wood with my bff 
 ld708 engross an act to use taxes on nonmedical marijuana and increase the tax on cigarettes to partially offse... 
 need a mansion 6 thick bitches walkin around in sexy night gown. as i roll this weed up lanight
 ottawa cannabis raid pots royalty under siege emerys cannabis culture shops raided in ottawa 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 bahaha had a deep ass converstaion with my grandma about how she used to smoke pot and how it was some good shit 
 freedom from fire   people change batteries  test smoke alarms this weekend when you set your clocks ahead 
 the weed has been dank the beer has been cold the sex has been great and the asses have been fat w a lil money in the bankunknown senior
 some people go to therapy. some people me smoke amp just listen to all the old cudi albums. to each his own.
 shoutout to @emireya on the promotion that deserves a good smoke and some booty rubs haha
 used to smoke og but now i smoke cookie
 was bouta sit on my steps and smoke but its cold outside.
 who tryna smoke in a bit
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 @ruthlessmmatalk @joerogan nation wide crack down doesnt happen without @justintrudeau saying yes or no. he must be against marijuana.
 these niggas tryna start beef over weed lmao
 rawlife247 @ tilt city smoke amp vape shop 
 you only calling me to smoke for free or kick it in the club not tryna hit the scene i stay low key im tryna run it upp
 who tryna match on the hemp milk
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter garden  fl 
 i just set the smoke alarm off five times trying to cook garlic bread. i need help.
 @jinavegalopez those match ratings are why i dont get the orton comparison outside of body type. okada smokes orton in big matches.
 im at belly up smokehouse amp saloon in chicago  il 
 i guess ya know the story   the rap side   crack side   how i smoke blunts  smack bitches on the back side.  bedstuy  ripbig 20years
 where theres smoke theres.... web apps  lhldemoday spacejam partynebula 
 bout to smoke this backwood
 yesterday @justintrudeau wasted 650m of tax dollars. 2day he wastes by busting weed shops  arresting amp hundreds of people.cdnpoli topoli
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in orlando  fl 
 townhouse fire 1520 violet dr. smoke showing  safety assignment started.
 patio weather @cnrpub  3 domestics 4 drafts 5 crushes @ wayward smokehouse 
 sure wish there was a nice place in marshall co not named bdubs to have a beer amp watch the game without being smothered in cigarette smoke.
 of course the time when i usually smoke outside would be the time for everybody and they mom to be outside
 look. everyone under 55 and over 70 figured it out a while ago. just legalize weed and change the gay policy. even steven.
 i really want to try the new smokehouse pizza at little caesars
 i just be tryna smoke and rub on some ass
 holy smokes @jordynnegrace for a second there i thought this was ur new prowrestling shirt bearhug 
 @fabiansociety @mch7576 its too much lying  too much russia and too much smoke.  just a matter of time before we discover the fire
 head full of smoke body full of ink  i dont measure it no more  i pour till its pink. future
 drank a little drank  smoke a little smoke
 new york wheres the weed at
 gma said if weed was legal id have a blunt in my mouth rn hahahahha im weak asf
 im pretty sure you just smoked a doobie... 
 first time cooking in the apartment and i set the smoke alarms off adulting wifeme
 my dinner gt your dinner. @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 @wikileaks while im spilling my guts lol .prez bush1 started weeding out patriots from the militaryi know for sure the army was targeted.
 im so selective on who i smoke weed with but if you wanna do some coke idgaf who u r
