 @qtrresearch agree  when the smoke clears and the sellers take profits   we should move to 130133ish in the next few weeks.
 my dad just told me that when he retires he wants to smoke weed with me lmfao
 had @sincerelypatong grind up my weed she opened the top and was like oh shit whered the weed go 
 my grandmom came in my room and did i thought you said something about you dont smoke no cheap weed 
 the gorsuch ski apparel catalogs used to have these absolute smokeshow nordic models.
 the whole tl needs to just sit and smoke a blizzy
 im go smoke lmao i need to get back to my sences 
 toyotaofboerne is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 i hate when people stereotype me by saying i smoke weed just bc im black and have dreads like cmon bruh
 its annoying af how people only hit me up to smoke at my house
 try going to space  this weed got me faced  catch a case  almost legal in every state  eat the bate  sence is paid  tell that ship sank
 @tomhall enjoy...my nightcap is part of a cannabis brownie and camomile tea. nice and toasty i am
 i havent smoked in 3 days....
 baby i cant quit that weed
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 riboflavin  is flavorful ribs for sure an epicurean maven smokes them  sending smoke to lure.
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 got a chick i call her lola she feel like the ocean likes to drink and smoke some doja and i feel like smokin 
 kinda wanna throw up kinda wanna smoke a blunt 
 is weed..
 if i smoke this blunt im gone forget you 
 chilled and marinated clay pot trapped baby japanese octopus lightly smoked  blood orange  
 i havent smoked in like almost 24 hours and honestly i feel like i want to get hit by a car lol
 on to the next one coming up.. just got the info..  so i guess ill smoke..          420 
 maple latte with hemp milk. @ maglianero 
 @theherbkid @flipboard good jeff is a push over. he will be easy to defeat. marijuana users already know that about him  week ag
 my mother just asked me if i left her doctor appt to smoke a blunt in the car.... why tf would i ever do that
 stop saying nicki petty ... you bitches smoke hookah amp eat shrimp with niggas that robbed your ex
 some people would be so much more attractive if they just put down the weed and weapons and went we school and joined a fraternity
 woman calls police over outrageous marijuana price hike  via @fox23 dont this beat all
 glittahfam were glammmmmin up this smokey look with some glitterbrows because why not 
 if u say it smells like weed i hate u
 simplicity is key and being clean is life  smoke shop is open until 1000pm for all your 
 a car amp a new bigger bong and alot of weed n stuff like that 
 medical marijuana treatment centers of florida has set up a location in st. johns county 
 @lsposto you potheads think you can smoke out of anything
 @mmaryyjane ons weed w u
 stopped drinking at 6. took a nap. now hungover. smoke that away amp what do you have left the perfect abuse of two substances fuck u i win
  we really gotta smoke together
 im so sorry me having to pay cash for gas interrupted your 13th smoke break of the day erleen. il be more considerate next time.
 holly smokes  these folks are asking the tuff questions evernote
 selfie of my smokey  that i called 50 shades of grey hahahaha and lips by @doedeere makeup 
 greatest feeling ever next to sex  food amp weed rt @baskgod racist whites getting laid to rest in public gtgtgtgtgtgt 
 greatest feeling ever next to sex  food amp weed rt @baskgod racist whites getting laid to rest in public gtgtgtgtgtgt 
 anyone know specifically why ucberkeley is rioting over a gay immigrant speaker or are they just earning some extra weed money by soros
 nights like these where i sit up and think when she use to be in my bed i smoke a blunt she sleep then i go to wrap my arms around herampwe
 @david25aragon smoke indica .
 to smoke or not smoke 
 cant wait to smoke a blunt to this song  
 sb157 new create an exception for possession of a certain amount of marijuana with a valid medical marijuana ca... 
 fortlauderdale history in morninglight @ smoker park 
 @cannabisbiznews scifi contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 at least i finally found friends and a weed man  because i wasnt going to make it
 lunch be a lady with our focaccia blt today. applewood smoked bacon aioli  lettuce  tomato on 
 i have never smoked pot but when i get back to nevada where its legal its on like donkey kong 
 tbt smoke signals premiere  washington  dc  98. 
 im finally fucking free holy shit yes  this is where i would smoke a blunt but you know its day 2 of no more mota 
 i used to legit be a chain weed smoker like i didnt go longer than a few hours without smoking. only smoke a couple times a week now.
 i should stay my ass home and smoke myself out to some impractical jokers lol
 the trump administration are in too much smoke. its starting to get black. chiiiiiile.
 i love it when im walking down the street and the stench of weed from someones house hits me like a wall. 
 love this pic of the five of us @ joes on weed st. 
 i cant wait for annie to come home so her  nina  and i could spoon and smoke a blunt and talk about all the lives we ruin.
 whoever gave me this fatass wood tried to kill me cause i almost choked on a bigass piece of weed... everybody getting shot lmao
 cant ever make a save through a screen...holy smokes
 gotta smoke one for bri
 drink weed. smoke tea.
 kinda wanna hit the beach amp smoke a j with oomf
 dont want no negativity in the air  i just want gas smoke in the air  @bcmoneyman86  magnoliacartelreleaseparty 
 cant wait to smoke this blunt on the way home 
 i literally smoke a blunt every night before i gts
 people who smoke cigarettes at all 
 me  every time someone constantly puts weed in every story 
 video on this version of a smokey eye will be posted soon .... red hot times nine palette 
 @jamesrockola youre free to believe what you like of course  but given his history and her obvious lies about immigration  enough smoke.
 new guy on the block the odie  smoked pulled pork topped with provolone  roasted garlic 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 202 s augusta ave  dumping in back 
 oregon cannabis dui study finds no sign of epidemic 
 a famous @bartender79 specialty a sangtina  smoked rosemary amp blood orange are infused into 
 @heeyhaylea you dont need smokes youre already a smokin hot mama 
 @trendauditor hey americans  too much lying too much russia too much smoke  where are we in this thing  
 making weed brownies is a lovely experience
 @theresonly1hect i smoked with very few people cherish that lmaooo.
 so fckn punped for ganja white night tonight aghhhh
 it makes me look like im a stoner... and im not.. i just really like to smoke.. .... okay destinee
 half og leads 2416 led by hempfling 9 points
 i need me a lil baby who gone listen and to smoke tuff with
 about to watch some bullriding with the lil fellas. this should be fun. bullmania @ smokey 
 omc omg nomnomnom barbeque bbq @ omc smokehouse 
 @phoennix just lit up a pack of smokes
 not conclusive  but thats way too much smoke for no fire does gop know its over and theyre looking to make deals 
 just wanna smoke n cuddle up 
 anyone down to smoke at 11
 stay smokey
 they say it smells like weed  i say yah i smell good right
 lotta lotta dope smoke
 im be the only person in south padre who dont drink or smoke lol this should be interesting
 bouta take me a hot bath amp smoke this blunt tho
 @realdonaldtrump you want to up your approval rating legalize medical marijuana for cancer epilepsy etc in all 50 states and well talk
 im at banger in hempstead  ny 
 okc firefighter accused of possessing child porn  marijuana  mushrooms. oklahomanews crime 
 i want to smoke but i feel like i shouldnt
 i talk business wit my friends when we smoke yall just sit on your phones lmao wyd
 waking up to rock reaching for weed to roll is the best feeling
 woke up to everywhere smelling like weed. i need new friends mayne 
 also smoke weed 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 pre law amp criminal justice students smoke the most weed....  the irony.
 @uberfacts a new study reveals that college students who use mediumtohigh levels of alcohol and marijuana have consistently lower gpas.
 ottawa trends now trudeau  cannabis culture  carleton  daylight saving time  mark. 
 paris told me the other night yall are lucky i smoke enough to stay relaxedlow key instead
 us cigarette smokers are a dying breed.
 he may have been rude but he didnt hurt you plus you shouldnt smoke other peoples weed without em id want you outt 
 i really like this. cant drink a lot but i love the pineapple and the s... you had me at smoked 
 weed smoke in the air no diesel.
 lmaooo this man is holding a sign asking for weed money...gotta love durham
 lol. you aint smoking my weed  fam.
 some old man just hit me up on the street asking for money to buy his morning weed coloradoproblems
 see thats how i know you dont know pot cbd is the chemical in weed that helps for anxiety and seizures look it up 
 it gets me pissed of i dont have anything to smoke out of. my bong is not gonna be in use anytime soon. i already lost two stems.
 loud boom  power goes out and theres smoke in the air behind my house  hope everyones okay
 i was arguing w my dad amp he told me go smoke something youll be less crabby 
 im at charter township of hempfield in pa 
 can i buy weed with a credit card
 i can definitely say its possible to be addicted to marijuana however  i can definitely say i suggest everyone gets addicted to it its gr8
 @alchemist turn that shit up part 2 .makes me want to smoke bulnts  do lines  and be in a drug movie with magical hawks.. calderonsurvives
 where better to put out your smokes jess scotts telly boys ashtrays are now in stock @ 
 we will be there boyeee requesting whos got the weed bc you are in cali and kick drum for chad and earl  mur 
 holy smokes so amazing. @ hall of heroes in elkhart  in 
 hunny i aint never smoked crack in my life ohhh u right  u right  u be smokin dick 
 bobs burgers and weed
 told her i dont drink like that no more that i smoke trees and she slapped my ass. 
 drinking a smokey the pear by good times brewing at @millhousepizza  
 ugh...so full... @ rollin smoke barbeque 
 silly girls @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  bowling green  ky 
 @alexjs85 @notlenz our uncle works at nintendo and he said 420 is the weed number sorry
 how is it so fucking hard to find weed in florida like damn a bitch tryna get high bc i lost all mine
 im gonna smoke more weed and eat some good home cooked food 
 @heyseduce @dvieiis can you do me a favor and smoke me seduce i need to be smoked
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 dont forget tonight to springahead for daylightsavings good time to check that all smoke amp carbon monoxide dete 
 @bessbell ive got a place at the edge of the redwoods with enough weed and camping space for yall. and a murder shortlist. bring wine.
 i finally smoked moonrock my nigga i am happy
 keep talking shit but werent you the one just begging me to come get you just so you could get some weed  but ok
 where the weed at 
 my brother just woke me up to tell me about how good his weed is
 i need some weed
 i guess im a ganja girl
 i been smoking weed for yeeeaaarssss and im just now able to roll lmao
 i could smoke but i just have no desire to.
 @cjinx03 apparently i wasnt dressed properly either... i was wearing jeans and a t like wtf im going on to smoke hookah 
 can you boof marijuana
 @barushchav its called a dime for a reason. a dime of weed sells for 10 dollars. i know that and ai dont even smoke...
 thank god i have these black an molds to smoke or i would probably go crazy.
 i wish there was an app to find local stoners to chill and smoke up with
 lets smoke this blunt and knock out
 @lilbabykrisatan i would smoke with you sooooo fast if i could oh my gosh lt3
 all im going to do today is smoke weed and draw
 how tf you lose the weed you supposed to sell
 i said bby just buy dutches cause you cant smoke for free
 @ssistermorphine i loved it   brian and anita used a lot of acid. and weed
 @katramsland lavrov seldom smokes but believes antismoking campaign in russia is excessive 
 everybody that smokes needs to come la for 34 days and smoke ya life away then come back and it aint gon feel the same
 pretty much everything outside of weed amp liquor 
 @corybooker marijuana makes people lazy   a equality i pay for in entitlements  because of tasty munchies.
 life 4 me is just weed n brews
 i roll some weed up then im out  im what they talking bout.
 i just want some lemonade 32 oz plz and some good ganja
 market does best at weeding out suas drones hardware  apps. govt  especially faa must keep their mitts off dron 
 these people dont look so bad. looks like most of em smoke weed. 
 the sandy beaches of an island is where i look for shade.... not from subtweets. the truth is  you dont really want smoke. miataughtyou
 ian fucking around today   im finna get me some smoke and watch movies all day
 the smoke from the pants entered a ventilation shaft that is connected to the basement of the ben lomand hotel.
 im at blue smoke on the road in queens  ny w @drjoelbnu 
 beautiful day for a spatchcocked chicken on the smoker. preceded by a 217 softball victory. 
 you probably werent wondering  but every legal weed salesperson out here is about as chill as youve imagined
 my dad having real rapper weed 
 its like smoke drink to diz . 
 no amount of weed  pedialyte  advil or popeyes could shake me back from this hangover 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 if the whole world just smoked a blunt do you know how calmer.. shit would be
 @chasealert @cascanner smoke from the 10 and hoover 
 i just found a nug of weed just sitting in the middle of my floor probably from last week lol the universe is testing me
 @lilethabasedgod you got to unless you wanna keep wasting weed lmfao
 let me smoke this last blunt of my life  and pray i dont faint or have a sezuire
 i love it when they call me big papa  i only smoke blunts if they rolled propaa
 i wish i had friends to smoke with..
 you dont smoke though 
 @crystallily17 come kick it buboys wanna smokeeee
 plz stop trying to argue that weed isnt addictive. you  can  get  addicted  to  anything
 ur either dyslexic af or you smoked some a dat good shit 
 i wana be weed when i grow up
 girls that be on every scene and smoke everyday  
 oh god its bambi and smokey the bear. a little reminder that forest fire season will soon be upon us.  
 should i smoke or just go to sleep
 she wanna get drunk and smoke a couple of gars
 co2 helps the weeds  not the food crops. already raising the price of your food  but you didnt notice @raulrevere @nytimes
 that one time when @cmcclarney smoked everyone in catan then led us in worship with his tiny 
 when its your night off and youre trying to smoke but your homies are either at work or asleep 
 somebody pull up amp smoke
 incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station 
 im as gone as ive ever been  and it aint weed or whiskey baby
 if you say offset not the best migo you smoke dope 
 drowned herself in tears so many times before  smoked so much she doesnt even care
 this explains what that large cloud of smoke was. glad everyone is okay 
 if you try to rob someone of weed  you are a junkie
 so much to do  so ill prob just smoke and nap all day 
 is trump serious about job creation then  leave marijuana alone report 
 backwoods i cant smoke no swishers that aint healthy ayeee
 man i smoke nuggets
 got work weed visa parents paid off and had enough to cop @astrogaming a50 gen 3 ps4pcs ghost recon wildlands and mass effect andromeda
 @spada i dont think the whole album can be reduced to just pussy and weed
 im trying to introduce yall folks to some real weed before he leave again 
 dispensary raids raise questions about where pot stands in canada  cannabis business times 
 being around my momma make me wanna smoke 40 blunts bruh swear to fucking god
 i wanna have a snowday reefer party
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 11001198 james st  send message. 
 how can you afford weed and a new hummer but you cant pay your rent or feed your children
 i hate that all my clothes smell like cigarette smoke..................
 have you changed your smoke alarm batteries fire officials remind residents to replace them  after setting your cl 
 @coch4nel no problem they have them at midtown smokeshop
 i am so hungry but i wont to smoke 
 fact every ocean state job lot store smells like the tracheotomy hole of a lifetime cigar smoker
 imma need some weed tonight 
 have you ever had smoked wings clutch
 @brianlilley are carleton university students afraid of the scales they use to weigh thier marijuana
 4 more episodes of weeds  and ill feel empty again or the same  probably the same
 i smoked a moneybagg now im in the yo
 i need to smoke a fucking blunt
 im ready to smoke
 update i smoked a bowl and decided to go for a bike ride and now im lost 
 its always people that smoke mids that wanna match 
 i smoke reggie i get high   smoke loud i still get high .. so whats your point again 
 just got off trying to get that late smoke sesh going ha
 @edsbs old man weeden and the cowboys
 i dont smoke  i dont drink  but i still know how to have fun without all that .
 wow. this tinder ho smoked  ate all my snacks  drank my alcohol  and stole my cash while i was in the bathroom... what the hell.
 like get up  make some money. gimme some weed wtf 
 so im in fontana amp wanna smoke
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 espn and smoke and syracuse is ass for not making the tournament
 lmao imma still smoke doe. 
 i smoke woods. that boy pussy  yea he swisher sweet 
 about to smoke a blubt then go to the nasty ass cafe
 am i really about to be lazy and smoke in my room for the first time instead of smoking in my car... yeah i think i am 
 horse jumper of loves debut tape just sold out of its fourth pressing silver variant get smoke || 
 the marine layer went away  revealing all the pot smoke on the boardwalk. @ venice boardwalk  ca 
  makes more sense weve been looking at it wrong somebody give them some smoke  
 if this is what the government use to test the effects of marijuana then no wonder they thought people were losing 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 im losing it omfg  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 everytime i step out to smoke the cat is clawing at the door to follow lmao bitch no
 i dont understand girls who saying smoking weed is unattractive... like what lol
 ohhhhh   this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 my father is a trip. he is doing his thesis paper on why marijuana should be legal in all 50 states.  but will never admit to using it smh
 who would smoke thatttttttttt 
 bobby unser in smokey yunick ford torino talladega daytona500 transam 
 dont say to me lets smoke if you dont have weed nor money ..this aint a charity ..ight moe
 amsterdam getting off the airport bus  a drunkish lad drops a baggie of weed. oy  youve dropped the kush  his friend says  wistfully
 and... more scandal wish all the smoke coming out of wh could blow signals to hill for gop 2stand up for country  
 same but bitches love being smoke up they wont admit it doe  
 hate a negative mouth making regular moves with regular goals smoking regular weed being a regular sched type. 
 very good cigar. typical for aj fernandez @ blue smoke cigar bar 
 i feel like lupin the third smoking weed is cosmic payback for 2bs butthole not being real
 each and every wednesday theme st. pattys day @ otl smoke shop amp lounge 
 @misskimari if only i smoked thanks tho 
 yall can have the weed and the pills  im about to start selling weave. thats where the money is at
 cook him dinner  and now were gunna smokeampdrink 
 someone come smoke this w me
 he is the devil  mr. graham. he is smoke. youll never catch the ripper. he wont be caught. if you want him  you 
 i hate when ppl act like they cant smoke reggie.  bihhhh u grew up on it
 what the fuck is there to do today in cali other than smoke some bomb weed 
 anyone wanna drop me off a njoy i need something to smoke 
 smoke a little weed but her ish together 
 gone with the weed drugmovies
 drugmovies finding nemo instead of your weed @midnight
 @theellenshow @renealane @skipmarley @snoopdogg i am not mad just saying put down the weed right now we at war yo 
 i made 20 rn off of selling weed inside 24 hour fitness 
 can someone bring me whataburger or jack in the box and ill smoke u out  lol
 i might not pass up a smoke sesh but i forsure get my hw done 
 repost @unclemurda with @repostapp  i dont pop molly i pop weed 
 @queondaputo lmfao yeah remember we smoked a blunt of dank in houston and you dropped it out the truck lmao asking it
 @potus @snoopdogg and snoop doggy is nothing but a bottom feeder of ignorance nobody other than losers give a s let him go smoke more wed
 hes just mad cuz he was listening and rapping along to the next episode and he missed the smoke weed everyday pa 
 hemp green smoothies 1c frz pineapple 2c spinach 1celery rib 1banana 2t cashew butter 1t hemp seed 1c water green 
 ion test a female that smoke blacks
 @mauralorgan i need some gummy weed.
 so many people on uneducated when it comes to weed.
 its been a long time since ive just had no weed at all
 someone come smoke w me
 shouldnt have drank or smoked
 i want to blow pot smoke in jefferson sessions face  and since its barely a crime in my state id face a 100 fine for it. i think
 as planed  keep them dumb smoked up dependent on gov handouts and you got their votes. 
 bout to smoke this dope dahighway
 fuck it imma b smokin weed like cigs
 i asked my dad if he was mad at me for my car smelling like weed and he told me no and then says you gotta do what you gotta do
 who wnts 2 smoke a blunttt
 have you tried our fish lovers grilled smoked salmon sogood warmup fresharepas followus 
 mad cus you cant hang with us   smoke gas propane with us.
 exactly why lots of my closest friends have are weed heads  we all got troubles. we all got problems. but they 
 i am digging this big smoke burger from @bigsmokeburger super juicy and messy burger 
 people that smoke crack 
 i never smoked crack before but im 100 sure its more dangerous than social media 
 so great to see students @alfredu standing up against tobacco use and fighting for a smokefree policy at their sch 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 335 south smallwood street baltimore 
 @ochocinco next time youre in nyc will you smoke a cigar with me at a lounge
 okayyyy i have smokers cough now after breathing in flour bluff air for 45 seconds
 fire at apartment complex in north columbus is contained. no injuries were reported except for minor smoke inhalati 
 @repjeffdenham ag jeff sessions want to restrict marijuana usage and go back to the just say no campaign. do you think this is wise
 but thats honestly so hard to get. when do you jnow when youve had enough drinks or hit the weed enough 
 study indiana smokers spend extra 350m a year on health care  via @wthrcom call bullshit ins way of limit care.
 i just wanna fuck  smoke amp chill 
 @jeffsessions  medical marijuana hyped too much someone drag him into the 21st century. you nauseate me  so now i need medical marijuana.
 im so fucking tired i just wanna go home and smoke
 with zero tolerance in schools  i wonder if singing alternate version of on top of old smokey is a suspendable offense. loveyourteachers
 step one smoke the dank kush step two proceed to suddenly decide to clean up and dust and organize laundry step three eat some doritos
 .@gygaxguild debut criticalhits second pressing clearblack smoke lp  free mp3 download available via 
 just posted a photo @ blowin smoke 
 i like weed and alcohol ....  
 i need someone to smoke me out real quick
 im tryna get head  bust a nut  go to sleep  wake up  smoke  fuck  then go back to sleep
 i signed up to write about 420 when i dont even smoke fr. 
 get the weed from the migos get the xans from the japs
 @kenlaflare @kymk lol bit ill smoke a blunt with you before we walk in that hoe
   i think im the only person frm philly who dnt pop pills amp smoke weed 
 im gunna have to go out on a limb and say i cant smoke a social media website 
 @dankgupta i just rotate between different nescac smokes
 somebody smoke a fatty amp eat a whole bag of pink starburst w me 
 monsanto weed killer roundup faces new doubts on safety in unsealed documents  monsanto
 i wish i could smoke a joint with bruce lee and j lo
 will there be other people there am i gonna have to smoke weed before i come
 we smoke the peace pipe. then  war. wesywed
 when this miami trip comes around....im just going to hit the beach one night  smoke a cigar and meditate. clear my mind. 
 god made dirt  dirt dont hurt god made weed  weed dont make you bleed
 alcohol is stupid   weed is tight
 the fucking weed 
 if i smoke this blunt girl imma forget you
 @seanhannity how do you feel about prohibition of marijuana social rights that government should protect and not b 
 never eating hot cheetos again swear it feels like i smoked ghost peppers with the devil in the sauna
 amber always peer pressuring someone to smoke 
 when people dont known how to smoke 
 i just ate hella chips  i dont even smoke and i had the munchies smh
 repost mydailycannabis with @repostapp  checkout weedomination for more cool stuffs  
 see our latest elmira  ny job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy   hiring
 like they say they want to be great and on the move but all they want to do is fuck  lay in bed  smoke  and sleep.
 guanaja mouse | spiced pecan | praline croustillant | yogurt | tonka amp vanilla smoke chezlavelle 
 when do you unlock dank marijuana seeds in stardew valley   @concernedape
 the smoke shop in cedarville aint half bad.
 everybody in the hood got that loud till you smoke
 someone in my harmony class reeks of weed lmao
 if it wasnt for this az medical marijuana program i honestly dont know where id be working.
 1937 marijuana tax act was the first to make it illegal. blacks and latinos have been incarcerated at dramatically higher rates since.
 i have weed 
 when i put my wall of rello packs whoever kome smoke with me gotta sign the rello pack we smoked from and put it on my wall
 want to do simple things like smoked weed in my home unbothered by humanity watching netflix.. dont ask for much doe
 do you know what industry created 18 000 jobs in a year in a single state marijuana in colorado with a  estimated 10k more in 2017.
 these people dont have friends that smoke meat apparently. 
 lets get a game going... smoke some cigars  have some coffee vibes  
 fakenews bc i did blow and weed in college and neither obama nor the judge partook. 
 chilling to see that this old man is just trying to take a smoke break. amidst the devastation. @lookinabout 
 eatin vegan again  gym five days a week  no cigs  hardly any alcohol and as much weed as i can smoke i feel unstoppable
 colorado congressman says hell fight the attorney general if need be on marijuana via the cannabist 
 np weed nap x wiz khalifa ft curreny
 like im tryna smoke and get some olive garden
 a rabbi a priest and an atheist smoke weed together.  
 i wonder if cole has gotten his weed yet
 all i do nowadays is jam screwston and smoke blacks
 bout to get in the shower  smoke amp eat these tacos 
 bitch we just wanna smoke weed 
 congressional cannabis caucus to take on trump administration 
 my weaknesses cali weed amp dominican women. 
 hahaha my mom loves to smoke with me
 i was suppose to put the back wood out half way i smoked the whole thing 
 the weed idol 
 gonna smoke then head to bed hopefully wake up in a better mood
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 im logging off the internet after reading articles about sparklepunk and weedpop
 i wanna smoke rn...
 your wcw smokes with other niggas 
 its either this or its just annoying guys who either skate or smoke weed lmao 
 it feels nice to finally have weed again 
 dave is not a voice of reason on this. marijuana  alcohol  they are both deadly when abused.  redeye
 i need smoke buddies
 vet with ptsd who protested in trenton  philly buys first ounce of legal weed  via @phillydotcom
 cat almost killed me because i smoked a cig
 im so sad i dnt have weed wit me
 imma go get a bottle tomorrow and just sip all day and smoke blunts. ill have my own break
 holy smokes 
 i just be koolin with my smoke 
 last smoke before the snowstorm by benjamin francis leftwich is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 holy smokes 
 carleys law  he needed a letter from the federal drug administration giving uab permission to use cannabis oil in its study. the fda
 save green by wearing green get 10 off your smoke accessory purchase today plus spin the 
 @brianjyoung1 put the weed away
 try our stpatricksday special montreal smoked beef on a baguette at tfc baja @uoftmississauga utmfood 
 someone come smoke
 @swtmc all we smoke is indo 
 @simplyjxn smoke bomb and get out of there 
 yall cop some pack and we can smoke in front my crib after work @balmainbravo @midnyteee 
 literally always have contacts in so smoke never bothers my eyes.. welp wore glasses today and holly fucking hell it burns.
 corned beef anyone this is our special today  a side of smoked brussel sprouts grab some 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
    the catholic warrior   marijuana and the church
    the catholic warrior   marijuana and the church
 i accidentally just smoked a stem and it tasted so bad  no one warned me how bad that would taste. 
 the white people in colorado way more friendly than in texas  guess they smoke their racism away
 trump cut our funding so we had to go old school and cut our own post oak and smoke our own 11 
 so glad the jamaican restaurant on magnolia is now a weed shop  i was just thinking of how we need more of those northhollywood sarcasm
 i gotta smoke to balance this out
 anyone got weed taaaaa sell
 drone sunset from escambia county  alabama this evening... you can see smoke from prescribed burns in the distance. 
 wat i post to do w 20. after i smoke and eat. i need more money 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in west covina  ca 
 pull we lit  @ up in smoke hookah lounge 
 you a young nigga tryna get rich but you smoke weed everyday amp work at the qt. lol oh ok.
 kass said earlier im super intelligent when im not high 2 hours later after we smoke..she says its 10010pm   @cjjohns21 @kassidyshay
 why i got such shallow ass breathing  only catch myself inhaling profusely when i smoke 
 keep it up  boriqua salsa weed whatever the fuck you guys like  just win the fucking game
 mermaids smoke seaweed
 ive been completely sober for 6 days now. from cigs  weed  alcohol  drugs...and i feel great
 free smokepurpp
 patience young grass smoker
 the guy below me smokes so much weed that my bathroom literally smells like ive been smoking in it everyday. im so annoyed always omfg
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 anyone in dallas wanna smoke with jared class
 man i need more friends that smoke 
 @alilcreativeco holy smokes i used the wrong form of your im deleting my twitter
 we deserve a smoke break
 @ohnoshetwitnt but that guy has banks of weed
 i had no idea michigan had weed shops.
 im about smoke too this whole album @rickyrozay
 my nigga @braxperry asked me if i wanted to smoke some mids last night. i bout almost smacked him.
 @theellenshow @katyperry @renealane @zeldawilliams she sells weed so we just call her gram for short 
 this the shit you play when you smoke a zip and up
 its already 100 and im just now eating breakfast and i haven even smoked yet. wtf.
 someone flicked a whole ass lit ass cigarette yesterday and i picked it up and smoked it ive hit a new low we all die bye
 need a nigga or a boy bestfriend who smoke as much as i do 
 @cnnpolitics smoke and mirrors to distract from real issues russian hacking us government computer systems  this could do real harm to us.
 i smoked this morning in the shower and it was so fucking lovely 
 do not smoke catnip. have a peaceful weekend  luna the catnip diaries  chapter one.  papa 
 pritzl is gonna pop and were gonna smoke villanova
 about to head out in a bit an go get my nose pierced an smoke some shit wit my nigga
 i just took my grandparents to a marijuana dispensary lmao itslit
 @methanojen that said  one of my early campaigns was first in ca anyway successful marijuana decrim campaign  so i have some cred.
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in carrollwood  fl 
 free smoke. free smoke.
 bruh someone smoke this blunt with me on the beach 
 free smoke free smokeeee
 pausing at a super cheap motel. no wifi  smells of smoke. did i mention supercheap
 foxx nigga you dont live how i live smoke how i smoke me  ion wanna hit it if it aint gon make me choke 
 ion smoke reggie.. ion even like niggas name reggie 
 gotta drive a damn hour for some weed 
 first part of free smokegtgt
 mom something smells weird and dirty  me yea someones smoking weed mom
 that smoke put me out goodnight
 @itssslo loll true words i cant wait either .. you only drink  do you smoke at all 
 i have fetish for smokers.  i know its gross to most i find it so incredibly hot  like it brings a idgaf bout life 
 i just wanna smoke to a view rn.
 can someone anyone @ someone link me please ..i just want to smoke
 a baby is born you fucking smoke a cigar with that dad  wise words from austin
 boulderfire south end by settlers park. smoke blowing nne 
 just posted a video @ smoke hookah shop amp lounge 
 sideshows  in and out   and the strength of weed 
 @bobtiki the magic smoke  it wanted out.
 free smoke free smoke aye  morelife
 the intro of free smoke is probably my least favorite thing about more life.
 if yen from the trap fuk ya and watt u stand fa thats how i feel who want smoke 
 medical marijuana is so miss used ebdthc is a joke when its used maliciously
 i get more satisfaction outta go at yall head and seeing yall die ...free smoke
 this free smoke song bout to make a nigga buy some subwoofers in this bitch 
 wow  i dont know if @mooselickbrews atmoosphere is supposed to be smokey  but it is.
 ive done that before..  smoke a blunt mama 
 why your car smell like weed for. 
 smoke and bourbon. a fun beer.  drinking a smoked smaug lager by @smogcitybeer @ steel craft    photo
 one time my boyfriend threw away a quarter of weed we had just bought bc he thought it was a garbage bag we all hav 
 @aram753 i heard im so sorry ill smoke you out for sure man
 @viceland went hiking and smoked pot
 @lindahusker26 suggested cauliflower crust pizza. damn amazing smoked chicken fetagoat cheese with pesto 
 my top 5 of morelife 1.free smoke 2.gyalchester 3.no long talk 4.portland 5.passionfruit
 when he calls to wake you up and says your sleepy voice is cute but you know damn well you said like a 50 year old smoker
 @bbaddd hoes whats up you still want smoke
 @kelliebob i was craving those this morning. dry and hard from a gas station that smells like stale cigarette smoke. love them.
 @justdnoes @mmpadellan no climate change  really just wait til all that carbon gets in air from smokestacks. @ 4over earth uninhabitable.
 what if weed is legal in that state 
 she said no   like you could actually sniff the weed from your fingernails to get shell again . im so dead  
 so to my weed man i dont even have to leave my house  i wonder how long will this last 
 were 30 mins into joint cmt on marijuana policy hearing  and no mention yet of child safety or youth prevention mapoli
 sounds amp smoke hoodrich pablo   by @shaughncooper sxsw hoodstock3 
 sounds better when youre high on marijuana
 march 23rd my birthday..i just want tacos    weed   birthday sex and a good day 
 ooooo. i hadnt seen a photo yet with the lights reflecting off the smoke. so cool..... ocsc ilf 
 free smoke.
 cigarettes are like reverse swag  the more often u smoke them the less swag u have
 thats what she gets for posting about weed 
 watching a man pick up half a cigarette out of the light rail tracks amp smoke it makes u feel pretty good about where ur at in life lol
 in china  sichuanspecial local food smoked sausageat midnight  hungry hungry hungry 
 the smoke shack burger add pickles was very tasty. they toast the bun  and it taste...  
 @chedrajoseph ur so fun to smoke with. really chill af.
 i think i need someone to come smoke some raspberry kush with me.   i need to make some friends lol
 who got some fire weed ill go pick up. i just need weed
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation belpre  oh job
 drake snapped on the song free smoke
 episode 5 the empire smokes crack special nyccdebate edition  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3902 the alameda baltimore  
 @ike58reese man dont equate ais weed charge with beating women.  i know thats not what you meant but the phrasing of that...
 free smoke 
 are you kidding  @thejuanwilliams you mentioned precedent and then tell @ericbolling hes out in the weeds because he cites precedent wth
 @repmikefoote sb184 would not allow for unwanted exposure.  if a person does not want to be exposed to marijuana they dont have to be.
 @mellokittv @tommyembaoba @rohanmorris3 @pokemondeadguy i believe in proper english terms he is a surgeon of sorts with marijuana spliffs ha
 i just wanna smoke this blunt in private
 the marijuana loud so them hoes follow like twitter.
 when someone whos uneducated about the subject of marijuana tries to argue with you about it 
 but you still selling that bs weed 
 weedsavefiles @ weed  california 
 free smoke free smoke
 i wanna get high i wanna get low come on i wanna smoke a little spliff with you
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 duck creek station @ intrinsic smokehouse amp btewery  
 yup the weeds come to u 
 cant nonchalantly smoke anymore either. smh
 people defend free speech by clowns like gavinmcinnes by saying sunlight is the best disinfectant  it may be but hate speech is a weed
 im letting my younger siblings watch brickleberry and they keep saying youre the coolest for letting us watch this show with weed lmao
 my manager smokes weed tooand her brother is the new plug
 gonna give the drugs a break for awhile  except 4 weed
 that free smoke track go hard
 regrann from @traplorddbeez       regrann  krayziebone @ smokehouse beatsi made 
 @donoharm right to do so.  weed is not some hard drug  80 of the ppl you know do it i guarantee it
 she gone overdose trying to smoke my dope
 shorty in the beginning of free smoke was goin crzy.
 i smoked a little before school and now i have an entire ps4 in my backpack
 i wonder who will be the first person to smoke weed in space
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 i need cold pressed hemp seed oil
 @beaupinto he said its the intention  but then reaffirms we have committed to controlling amp regulating marijuana. intention vs committment
 i hate when ppl ask me why i smoke so much..
 just smoke  cold arms  broadshouldered beasts  and monster are the best songs on wilder mind mumford amp sons
 @abc look at all the marijuana on it  smh.
 we were running low on enola gaye smoke grenades so we placed this order. this is what 650 
 my mother really needs too sit down and smoke one
 sure it was weed  
 if i was doing bad  would you smoke a blunt with me
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 13011399 small street baltimore  
 lmao this really use to be me til i started smoking weed  
 hate when i host a smoke session amp the most disrespectful thing a nigga can do is waste gar guts or weed on my carpet. 
 hate having weed but no blunts
 damn man i got that smokers cough
   imagine that we could balance the budget with legalized weed. we should all be hemp cannabis farmers.
 im at wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 check out the crow on netflix  well weedeating the lawn got rainout  havent weeded since 
 im at uncle mikes smokehouse grill in plant city  fl 
 almond  coconut  soy  yes. rice milk is horchata in my eyes. oat  hemp  no. 
 post dinner cocktails. with smoke. @ the bottle shop 
 @emilyyoshida like  good good or  smoke weed and it is fun to watch good lol.
 i love roundup  easiest weedeating i do 
 @rexandthechief smoke all the way in okc metro gopokes
 bout to pop this bottle and smoke a blunt with my grandma word to everything thats my ride or die bro lol just kidding fuck my grandmother
  thats a sos  his  music and  life  is going to need because  weed  is legalized  how do you get on a new products
 need some weed brownies asap 
 thinking if i should do homework or read this book i got at the library or smoke then go to  sleep ....... decisions decisions
 rip lil smokey nigga this aint no hook this one for my nigga 
 @morganmurphy you said you were going to smoke after the show  but i cant find you or anybody smoking. where r u i brought joints
 free smoke is a top 2 drake intro track for me
 smoke weed after staying sober all night 
 if you dont smoke everyday then wyd 
 @sparksnugget rooms facing loud railyards  constant noise from surrounding rooms  non smoking room with constant smoke coming into it.
 to smoke some more or go too sleep
 i love that i get yelled at for smoking in the house and they dont even take my weed
 obaminations allowing all the security agencies was done 2 setup a smoke screen 4 all of the leaks that would ens 
 my girl hates when i smoke so i roll up and smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1824 eastern ave  send message.
 all i smoke is killa  yo bih look like thrilla.
 i was gonna smoke but im so tired i really dont need to
 this girl next to me smells like marijuana
 @precisediff nice wassssup ty4follow amp hello to allyallz followers. thank you for supporting cannabis families
 exactly why i dont have many friends.  all you guys want to do is drink or smoke. 
 gorsuchhearing sen whitehouse u said u smoke crack amp beat your wife neil gorsuch i never said that sw so u do lsd now wednesdaywisdom
 stopmakingexcusesfor why you drink  smoke  shoot  or snort too much
 my girl dont smoke and its kinda starting to affect me 
 a girl gave me a cookie in classampafter i took a bite she tells me they have weed in them. never take cookies from strangers kids
 crazy how people will complain about the cold weather  but expose their hands to smoke a cigarette
 riley wasnt always consistent and we still got smoked most of the time. i like him but we need more.  
 madison of victory hemp foods will be making hemp smoothies all week for our yoga students at taste of yoga. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 13011309 west mosher street baltimore  
 fuller road fire chief says 5story apt fire is accidental unattended cooking. chief says smoke was big issue  res 
 new song out now x @lofty305  lofty 305  get it awff prod. by dj smokey link 
 just to know that the blue bonnet which is the state of texas flower is a weed. 
 makeup is so fun like i definitely didnt think i would do a warm orangebrown smokey eye with a gold lid when i woke up this morning
 yo cudi is gonna snap on drake after that diss on free smoke
 this weeks sandwich special is a smoked turkey club with lettuce  tomato  bacon  an avocado spread  jalapeno mayo 
 @chaseasaurus holy smokes. this year is 20 years since the shot the defining athletic moment of my life.
 oregon senate just approved a plan to shield cannabis consumer info from feds  cannabis politics oregon mmj
 im just tryin to smoke wd out of my window and these neighborhood kids wanna play out in the street outrageously inconsiderate
 oh my god what if someone who smoked weed wore a d.a.r.e shirt like wouldnt that be so fun and ironic
 if i had a cigarette id smoke it right now
 @cinematicvoid returns on 420 with the smokefilled nightmare of dreamstalker star mark dias in person 
 hangin just to smoke boi you lame as a bitch
 2nd course crispy confit duck wings by @eldridgesk of @provision pgh w smoked tomato amp peach | soy caramel | sesa 
 i like to sip syrup i smoke dank too
 i am so tired dont ask me to kick it please. im just ready to smoke amp ko
 he just smokes weed and fucks black bitches on tinder
 back at it sensible talks about regulating cannabis here in l.a. am i dreaming is this real 
 my 14 year old sister found out i smoke 
 dont do drugs  smoke weed @snoopdogg
 too cold to smoke 
 why my mother in law always bringing me ash trays amp food from vietnam .. talking about all you do is smoke amp eat 
 fuck it.... madiba riddim remix soon come. free smoke remix too.
 i just want to smoke a blunt while listening to sade and erykah badu
 if anyone is down to sit in my car with me and listen to me have a mini melt down thatd be cool. ill smoke ya out after 
 thank god for marijuana. makes me sleepy. no hangovers no nothing night 
 tbh i mostly like to be left alone  but it would be nice if i had like more friends who i got along with amp wanted to just chill amp smoke 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 exercise in  @ smoke rise  georgia 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 102 south carey street baltimore  send message.
 nigga i been smoke purp
 idk why i dont smoke more often.. it truly makes me a completely nice person when im high
 you wanna smoke a joint  ya if its menthol
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 wish my weed man hurry up so i can get high and really bump lightmybodyup
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 south hempstead ny thu mar 23rd pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 havent been here in ages restaurantweek localrestaurantweek at @fatbobs smokehouse in buffalo  ny 
 smoke a little weed also  
 up germantown itching for some weed 
 current weather in coral gables smoke  74f 69 humidity  wind 14mph  pressure 1022mb
 im just trynna smoke a blunt amp go swimming
 what happens when @umichbball is playing i forget u have something on the stove amp smoke in the apartment causes fire alarms to go off 
 bout to email them back over my dead mesquite smoked body
 if i catch you in traffic on venmo imma assume you buying weed too. that is all .
 if i could get a w2 back for all the weed i then bought ... bitchh id b gettn them racks back for taxes .
 when the smoke clears  well find the obama administration obeyed no laws or constitutional limits  protecting poli 
 rest up uncle smoke 
 i can not believe that people smoke weed in public restrooms. .....and dont invite me.
 @ehlennick you need a diesel. i just coat them in smoke
 anyone trying to smoke crack w me tonight  just wondering
 dude i havent smoke since january i feel accomplished
 whats the weirdest thing yall have smoked out of 
 train smoker at the american royal. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app 
 5 am is smoke i wouldve paid for 
 someone can smoke with me it would be great appreciated
 really need to smoke cause i cant sleep.for shit
 lmao i need to smoke
 the swift chancellor  flex  the whitegold tarantula track truck diesel  play the weed god  substantiala thechef 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 cant smoke no rillo im different
 i am running near to weed city @ mount shasta  ca. nice experience watching the snow in a beautiful windy day 
 @hempfestspokane right on to have you with us supporting cannabis families
 @sandylo lol the last time i smoked was with you that time the incident happened. lol
 pnhs legit just smells like pizza amp weed
 man tea  on a damp  blustery day like this  our smokey black tea blend is perfect with 
 sorry you smoke crack  i didnt know..good luck with that also smoking will kill you.. 
 cant wait to smoke some vagina weed when she lands @jewsica  ....im dead
 when i lived in atlanta i used to get text about weed all the time lol. gangster mids and cali krip on deck 
 i hangout with the plug we smoke out the pound 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 free smoke
 see our latest binghamton  ny job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 plowed the garden today  the signs are in a barren sign which is good for killing weeds and pruning  makes it so they wont come back...
 free smoke free smoke
 now that the smokescreen is over...we return you 2 your regularly scheduled program..taxreturns russianconnection 
 @yungcrystizzle also it smells like weed 
 just want to go to cali just to smoke and eat for a whole week
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 niggas sharing weed for pictures oh my
 now that this smoke screen has been pulled back and the truth has been confirmed about healthcare  lets continue to investigate the russians
 jay simple  smoke one  
 nah i dont smoke  has one drink lets go chain smoke three packs of camel crushes
 my stress and anxiety smoked all my fuckin cigs.
 i have this problem where i can take 3 or 4 decent sized dabs and im still not as high as when i smoke one bowl  like ok
 the smoke and pepper burger from @redrobinburgers is seriously one of the best things ive eaten in a long time so good
 why do people smoke cigarettes 
 someone smoke with me 
 free southside smoke 
 i havent drank or smoked one time since this all happened
 american goulash with smoked paprika and fire roasted tomatoes. cooking chef foodiefriday 
 being the only guy who lives in a household where nobody smokes is kinda awkward.
 the russian involvement is a smokescreen  trying to sabatage the potus with fake shit is the bigger picture dummie 
   im waiting for you to come down and smoke haha.
 tornado warning including hemphill tx until 1100 pm cdt 
 she goes wanna go to smokey bones my fav restaurant must fight temptation
 who pulling up to smoke
 i wanna smoke but all i got is a grape swisha 
 go wash the marijuana out of your mouth  @jordanmelloh
 havent smoked weed in 3 days im really proud of myself
 i roll up my own smoke. @youngdolph
 installation smoke detectors for free via american red cross @ st. adrian 
 unc is getting smoked right now
 tasty @ wicked weed brewing 
  look for the gateway to this tea smoked pork on the shanghai dog tonight 
 if you complain about how much i smoke   you not for me 
 ...... i had a dream that @wizkhalifa was teaching me how he sold weed right before he started making money off of music
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 see our latest riogrande  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 see our latest harrisburg  pa job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 @lowrainnnn lol my barber smokes so i guess you right both 
 please dont ruin what we already like. we have it right where we want it. maybe roll more if you want to smoke lon 
 my dad just told me about how he grew weed in his bedroom when he was my age. dadtips
 free smoke  @ plaza resort amp spa daytona beach fl 
 i havent smoked all day amp i feel okay.
 if my sandwich tastes like weed the attitude ill have wil be tremendous
 birch smoked old fashioned solid 
 when i see smokepurrp im smacking him. dead ass lol
 i s2g every time i get north of seneca street my car starts smelling like weed i love this city
 you ... just ... dont ... get it  do you @ the galax smokehouse 
 so glad to be able to say i still havent smoked a cigarette its been 2 and half weeks
 finally at the smoke shack  oh my god
 i only managed to smoke with 1 of the 3 neighbors i wanted to burn with on this walk with zoey.
 5lb beef brisket hickory smoked 8hrs on 200 @ the eastes estate 
 every time i smoke make sure i hit jamals first
 i need friends in austin that know all the cool smoke spots 
  we use to ask each other who had the smoke now we asking each other who hiring  come a long way
 switch out now marijuana seattleartist usa psychedelictrance progressivepsytrance 
 keep that heathen weed away
 me and my sister have the worse weedmans ever
 ..pass me the green i need some weed with my hennessy 
 influence me to hit the weed type shit
 this weed is something else holy shit
 cold blooded mary... wheatleys vodka  smoked tomato juice  old bay  huckles hot sauce  mozzarella ball  pepperoni 
 i only smoke papers  papers n fronto or backwoods. stop trying to put me into cyphs sponsored by zig zag and game. im not a crackhead
 free smoke  
 i know when my supervisor walks in because i can smell tobacco.  im a smoker  i shouldnt be able to smell that. how do you smell so bad
 ayyeee smoke break by chance and future is playing on this episode of love netflix
 obey weed tee emeriken emerikentshirtcompany clothingbrands hypebeast tshirts  streetwear 
 young pappy we pop out @ night  that raccoon shit. checkin in at day light me but u could still get smoked a 
 needa smoke this joint before i flip shit
 lets smoke take me to get wrap sss 
 free smoke free smoke ayyyyyyy
 @hightimesmag those processed baby carrots are more dangerous than weed. 
 we are posted up smoker is rolling and my dm popping bestribsintownchefdwightlewis  
 rarely even smoke 
 i just need weed ok
 smoky fried chicken  loaded potatoes with back and smoked paprika seasoned cantaloupe. culinarytrapping 
 my car smells like smoke 
 holy smokes people get a grip
 every time tori and i make something theres always smoke 
 @quicedafreak you dont be tryna smoke w us and hang w us
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 its the littest thing you will ever be a part of. i sound like a 50 year old smoker because i tried to hit notes that i 100 couldnt reach
 when she asks why you smoked all her shit and bounced her checks. 
 hell yeaaa  i smoke too much for that shit... 
 lay up   smoke and get my stomach rubbed 
 2016 out in sxsw austintx doing a cannabis press run w other 
 changing of the guard at @risenate pres paiva weed was almost a slavish devotee of the policies of govraimondo 
 this man doesnt deserve trees. to sell or smoke. and i dont think ive ever said that about anyone. 
 yall borin. i smoke and then still go do all of this 
 our server was telling me to smoke weed basically lol. then i tried to smoke the last of my j and it fell apart on me.
 when youre tryna give him some sloppy top  but yall decided to smoke a blunt first...your mouth be 
 i gotta wash my coats and hoodies cause they all smell like weed
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 cigarette smoke is probably the most disgusting smell ever 
 damn i dreamt so much about weed last night hahahaha
 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @fbi if smoke emerged there had 2 b a fire investigation. why r u so worriedso terribly 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 alright time to smoke 
 cognitively  marijuana affects your short term memory but only while youre high
 free smoke free smoke .... 
 im gonna smoke 4 fat ass blunts after school 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2420 east monument street baltimore  send mes 
 this is about the trumprussiacollusion story. there is so much smoke  no confirmation can be seen until it clears. 
 @ermagnusson more like the eeef in reefer.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1919 n charles st  send message. 
 well alcohol and weed taste better than paint  plus theyre actually mind altering substances so 
 fuck my uncle forced me to smoke.
 i need to smoke
 i just found a tiny piece of weed on my bathroom towel
 your mcm smokes squares in the car with the windows up and you be  bout to die 
 i havent smoked all day i need some kush in my lungs 
 @freedom2offend @shelbychong @ohioganja hey freed hey shelby hey ganj im smoking. its crap weed and its all i got left but im doing it
 i was raised in newark nigga   i dont take shorts i smoke niggas 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 i like to smoke weed an work .. i try to stay out of the mix 
 @swankbaank but didnt you smoke that swisher at barona back in 2k15 my boy @celisomar16 can confirm
 aaaaahhhhhhhh. ridding the weeds inhale those beautiful fresh flowers everyone 
 who in gary n trynna bring me some food ill smoke one them bitches
 cauliflower pure with smoked sea salt and lemon juice  red kidney bean with red onion and 
 my mom swears that since i smoke pot i cant be disgusted by the thought of a cigarette in my mouth lol two very dif things lady.
 gimme your weed. and your porn history. 
 at least weed is a diarrhea suppressant right  
 no vote on medical marijuana bill tonight 
 i hate when people try to make me stop smoking weed 
 @robertplant hi simply meijithe dove dimensional key broken lft arm yesterday holy smokes that hurtsbut mu 
 i got super hammered earlier. i bumped into my old weed dealer...he bought us like 4 shots. i had actual fun  and i havent in awhile
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1807 bloomingdale road baltimore  
 update construction on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to after exit 40 i90...httpst.co8lbyoeug47
 lol soo you saying you dont smoke at all 
 @herreiss youve made me rethink why i smoke. thank you for sharing your reason and having me check my own. namaste 
 the smoke is turning into flames trumprussia impeachtrump theresistance 
 @ryanseacrest holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 free smoke  dave east
 codeine in my  always wit da smokey im sorta like a miracle...
 crazy. this 420 might be smoking by myself. ion got no friends to smoke with
 think imma leave at lunch and go smoke 
 i honestly like boys that dont smoke.
 do yall think its cool for a female to smoke weed consistently while shes pregnant 
 i smell weed
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 why did i buy a pound of chocolate pretzels and more weed in the same day
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 nothing to see hear  no smoke  no fire  its all about the leakers   susan rice 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 206 south payson street baltimore  send message.
 on weed  
 my uncle from colorado is gonna be at my grandparents and i want to ask him if he touches the weed stuff but how do
 shordy roll the weed idc if u bumping daniel caesar
 someones smoking some fine reefer right now as were leaving
 @queenlauraht i dont like smoke at all
 anybody tryna smoke one and pull up to undefeated later
 about to just smoke it up
 going to get weed and then hair dye
 theres a reason why i smoke my weed. nerves too bad for all of this that i be going through
 him i dont care if i smoke if it means i get to fuck you again. me thats the most romantic thing youve ever said to me
 does smoking weed make you more horny than drinking or are they both about the same
 dude you reek of marijuana me hahaha yeah dude
 just pills  dont put my friend weed in it  
 i just watched a video of some dumbass white kid smoke some bud out of his nostril 
 cant wait till i get to the point where we can smoke a blunt in my car amp talk bout shit
 nigga im meeting sladamamproyce.  myriam just followed smokeysmokey meeting royce again and luces meeting yofri again holy fuckballs
 what do ducks smoke quack
 @bmblilnell smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @markhoppus i didnt know you wanted to smoke with me
 @tuckercarlson @hildabrand nah tucker thats just a smoke screen 
 smokeadanktion a 420 ep ...a smokey danky function...   mharinyce smokegod 
 @realtimers any chance of getting an unknown on show  uwe blesching  ph.d. who wrote a fab book on cannabis amp its h 
 @akmessiah @browningmachine do women really smoke more now
 you use to smoke hella milds  
 probably wouldnt have got that weed charge and dui if i would have gave the cop a pepsi smh
 cus last night i felt every bit of it and didnt even smoke
 they got me itchin ta let this .45 off. im tryna chill and smoke heavy in my old chevy.
 aprils foodtruckdaytreat is enormous smoked beef dino ribs with a side of potato salad from 
 me oh you smoke cigarettes angsty teen no  i just take pictures  with them do u have a polariod blaze it 420
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed that whip
 the most dangerous thing you can do with weed is get caught with it  willie nelson
 youre way too dedicated to cigs if youre trying to light one up and smoke it while walking in the pouring rain
 i havent smoked yet today
 @usatoday no smoke there is no fire
 its a good day to be a hippie smoke that shit ds17wednesdays hippie 
 cleared construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway
 @tmz yall pedophiles are about to get smoked over there 
 enjoying a smoke before dinner cigar weston bonaventureresortandspa retiredlife 
 does anyone know how much pot i would need to smoke to cure me of what is assumably almost a quarter of my life
 you want smoke  
 roll sm damn weed up w my feet up
 .dave east x free smoke
 i will literally fart on the next person that breathes cigarette smoke in my face. toxic air for me and u 
 every time i smell cig smoke it makes me want to gag
 however ive just been informed that scientists are working on genetically modifying weed that holds the representation of naturalization
 @jbillinson there damned if they do and damned if they dont. i say lets do this and get it over so weed can finall 
 who want smoke 
 unless u smoke weed  den fuck alldat  
 course 5 applewood smoked @jriegerco kcwhiskey  black teainfused lillet blanc  bittered cream 
 only smoke gas
 how to make the most of the weeds in your yard. 
 mfs really dont want smoke tho
 smoking weed to migos its just me an my amigos.
 were finna need hella weed this weekend @chesccaa @itsmariabo
 who hes not i. i smoke strong on that popeye.
 tell me why i know this dude who has two kids and hasnt worked in 6 months...just plays video games and smokes weed all day
 if a nigga pulled out a pepsi and tried to give it to the police at a protest they would damn near think it was a gun and smoke they ass
 you dont need to get high or do uh drug to turn up and smoke someone facts
 um........ anybody wanna smoke tmrw
 lol... im not a good girl bc i smoke boy at least i smoke in my own home and dont go around searching for a sesh to jump in on.
 on top of old smokey. 
 im smoking a cigarette by the back door at work and this man drives by and says youre to pretty to smoke just wanted to say that god bless
 free smoke free smoke
 no cap .. me   lex   mikayla   and kierra be having real deal smoke sessions 
 i really b trippin if ion smoke
 i smoke everyday and i live by myself so  
 dear every dispensary following me all of a sudden  im loyal ..i have my own plugs..i dont need your overly priced weed...fuck off
 i was never a hard drug user  i stuck to weed and e as a teen. but i deliberately lost my virginity early. i was badly bullied in school.
 im gonna go smoke some devils lettuce real quick. 
 @marguerd most people in the world dont know whats happening in liby  smoke n screen vision to the world.  dictator trick
 last night was so annoying lmao but i bought weed d
 @johntweet @jamesonjohnson8 john u smoke cigs with me all the time what r u talking about
 her heart is a garden filled with dead roses  and weeds from seeds planted  by those who left
 @itsamberlyn come smoke nigga
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 i love when i leave matthew with my phone and he tells the ib chat that we should all smoke tugas this weekend... smh
 women smoke pipes too cigars vs. pipe. i love both.  lumyer pipesmoker pipesmoke dallascigarartqueen 
 its such a turn off when people smoke shitty weed
 accident in eastcocalicotwp on reinholds rd both nbsb near smokestown rd traffic 
 @aminedem @rometrav it means rome smoking that european weed
 i love weed more than i love my siblings 
 last month i damn near smoke a range rover
 youd think weed have the technology to prevent glass from breaking after a 2 foot fall. iphoneproblems appleproblems apple
 cayenne truffles amp lavender smoke. hootchandbanter french winedinner foodporn @ hootch amp banter 
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 are people surprised that a guy who gives assout kisses and hugs didnt work out with a smokeshow who sends bondag 
 noels jacket be having like 30 something zippers where he can store weed in  @ramireznoel521
 how u ganna tweet this when ppl literally have vids of u smoking weed 
 lawsuites are aofg another opportunity for growth. karyn wagner of paradigm cannabis womengrow 
 who wants to hit up the shop for me amp get smoked out 
 @bellarosemand86 @zoombouse @joegridingteeth @debramessing smoking weed again pot head 
 messer got real today in class. holy smokes. 
 yall know how craig and smokey just sat on their porch throughout the whole movie friday well i want that so i ma 
 how you smoke all that herb
 2 people were arrested after in state troopers found cocaine  marijuana and prescription drugs in their parked car.  
 you know this is @rihanna right. wheres the weed 
 i just wanna smoke everyday  reminiscing on them times i was broke everyday ... 
 yall ever have the smokers equivalent though and ill come. as long as i dont gotta dress up lol
 addicted like hennessy   addicted like weed...
 who wanna smoke
 rolling my weed minding mines 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 looking forward to this one. pioneers in medical cannabis.  emeraldconference 
 i dont even smoke but i need it.
 today sucked so bad. someone please come over with food or weed
 my bf always invites his mom in our room to smoke w us and it would be fine w me if it was ever anyone elses weed but mine
 cant wait till i get out of work so i can smoke amp hit the gym
 hunter weedin has caught fire 7 points in the second quarter shs leads 2720 213 remaining first half
 i just had a smoke session in the back of a bently
 this customer i deliver to finally invited me in to smoke  turns out this guy is my plugs plug 
 watching @discovery alone and this jackass is hoarding his food he has plenty of smoked fish 33 of them fucking eat u moron
 having this blunt stare at me is very tempting to smoke it
 havent bought weed in over a month i feel proud of myself 
 sing and smoke weed 
 best photo that exists of me and my baby cleo with a darth vader bowl cuz im a fuckin nerd but still love weed lo 
 my mother dont smoke amp one thing for sure she make sure her kids on 10 toes.
 dont like to smoke dem swishers ho
 up late bout 2 take a smoke break
  the smoke is coming through the vents lord help me please 
 add smokepurpp an xxxtentcion an its lit 
 waiting for a inspector  nice time for a friday smoke. victorsinclairrd smoke hvaclife cigar 
 a delayed brekkie post from @bluestonelane scrumptious amp super filling avo on toast with smoked salmon w a poached 
 please be aware that theres a lot of smoke amp mirrors within the fitness industry dont compare yourself to what 
 @javilujan5 guess im have to smoke w ur mom instead 
 started selling drugs at 14 record was clean servin to fiends pumpin them like a machine weed was green @rickyrozay
 @realdonaldtrump @potus dont have stupid contract me they commander i come threaten me  i told you need acknowledge me blow smoke
 at @cadmv coliseum and it smells like everyone smokes up. not a fan of rubber or skunky smell. im just saying.
 been smoking lamb all morning. putting it on to braise now. smoked lamb sliders for dinner 
 spent grain to @simmonsfarm   pork belly comes back to us  cure and smoke @seansrevival   full circle. 
 i does be so happy for smokey that he finally got a child that is athletic   cause me and nicole just useless 
 i love the weather today ready to just smoke up and listen to some music
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 720 melville avenue baltimore  
 rip kg gotta smoke jus to ease the pain
 i get to leave work early  i get paid today  and i have weed to smoke on the drive home. happy mf friday indeed
 i fuckin hate blacks but sheesh its lookin dat way man i cant not smoke i been movin around like a crack head
 anyone wanna smoke a blunt an get food
 tell magic to pass the weed 
 the weed industry is launching a powerful new campaign promoting safe cannabis use please check it out 
 @taylorsosavvy still in hempstead im finna leave in a minute
 im at the strand smokehouse  @strandsmoke in astoria  ny 
 and for starters try our app special...smoked trout amp rasher crustinis smoked trout spread  crispy irish rashers  
 this weed smell like honey smacks with fruity pebble milk
 big sean got that smoke
 this guy just asked if i had a pipe at the train station...he said he has the weed  but not the pipe.
 when you realize youve smoked half the blunt without music 
 being able to smoke whereverwhenever is really the best smoke
 might have to do this smoke sesh w everyone else here 
 i could use a good ol smoke sesh rn
 holy smoke 
 some one smoke w me
 man i need a dope ass chick i can kick it and smoke with on the reg
 would be nice if we smoked a blunt and cuddle  
 bout to smoke a good blunt 1st so this shit can be extra special  
 she gon drink and smoke and fuck  a triple threat
 i was trying to be sober amp my fucking cousin handed me a bag of weed well fuck 
 @rachelkathryn @kmckinleyy hi im eric davidson we used to smoke cigarettes on my back porch  im gay
 wine weed amp hot cheeto puffs 
 if you move to l.a the two things you will do often is eat carne asada tacos all day amp smoke good loud 
 just opened up for the first time in 28 of a year..ish threw some pretty hard truths into the fire. hoping i can weed some people from it
 @thatnggakeef nigga why you lyin on here lmao knowin i wanted smoke n you wasnt with it
 sb0385 new as introduced  excludes from the definition of marijuana a cannabidiol product approved as a prescri... 
  you dont never hit me up to smoke bum
 who tryna smoke 
 i smoke tooo much for me not to keep a lighter
 makeafilmamerican thank you for not voting but its okay if you smoke
 remember that time ben hempfling chocked me and punched me and pushed me against a refrigerator like 5 min ago yeah me either lmao
 i just had to convince myself to smoke weed thats how tired i am.
 you skipped the part when yo dad beat yo ass for smelling like weed  
 smoking marijuana louder than a gun clap
 im at hempstead  ny in hempstead  ny 
 lil wayne pussy money weed 
 my parents found out a smoke weed rn and my dad text me i disown you i said ok and he text me back whos this lmfaooo
 i play my enemies like a game of chess  where i rest ...no stress  if you dont smoke sess  
 its sucks being a person in this generation that doesnt smoke
 i was totally against drug use until i needed medical marijuana  via @xojanedotcom
 @alexflogwango smoke dat and record sumn
 i cant eat but ima smoke me ah zip resteazyvonte
 why is everyone so over dramatic like ommgggg smoke a dutch relax cool down
 spacea flights an overview  poppin smoke  via @poppinsmokesite
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 the weed dont smoke anyway 
 @arifodera1 @iamjake1 @kmurphy6247 ppl think this a joke he just dont want no smoke
 i love a female that smoke....lets get high 
 i would love to smoke a blunt with l. banks...could learn so much about life
 just posted a photo @ cheap smokes 10 
 @drmondomft what is the best diet plan im 70 years old only power walks need to lose 35 pounds i dont smoke and barely drink wine or beer
 ight let me smoke yo shit then 
 lol my dad brought me jambalaya mix and the tsa almost confiscated it cause they thought it was weed
 havent smoked in 4days 
 i remember people used to ask me all the time why you smoke on snapchat so much while listening to music now everybody do it lol 
 the ducks court  the shirt @billwalton is wearing is my gentel reminder i need to do my cannabis investment research  azvsor
 and smoke a backwood 
 a girl that works  cares  laughs  eats a lot  doesnt smoke  doesnt drink.. wife that asap
 smoke a little weed   have a laugh attack
 i need to smoke .
 the beautiful electric table. bigassrooster salvagebbq @ salvage bbq amp smokehouse 
 how much yall wanna bet @lenaluhuffsglue isnt texting back cuz shes deep in a weed nap
 just lookin to close another bar down tonight @ wildwood smokehouse amp saloon 
 its the biggest turn off ever when guys smoke cigarettes  like it can just ruin a guy to me. bleh
 but  tbh  i can speak to all the negatives of weed ... what there are.  it is mostly innocuous bullshit.  weed is a mainly nontoxic plant.
 @trishshirlaw @amandamanitoba smoke weed
 @colelee1996 give the man a break though everyone smokes rocks on their birthday
 i just wanna smoke some weed
 doesnt michael che know to smoke after appearing on live tv snl weekendupdatefail
 ive smoked so much i cant get high
 ew drink tonight when all i wanna do is smokeeeee
 hey hi hello  who is not at datsik and wants to smoke some marijuana with me
 i just made weed an infused vodka cranberry
 @astrologyvibe @its21saavage i smoke pot yipppeee
 he the reason i smoke bitch be having me ready to stomp his mfn face in
 they complain about us saying all we do is ride around and smoke weed. our parties stay getting shut down by the police.
 if i dont smoke a blunt before bed  i wont be able to sleep
 bust a nut  smoke a blunt.. now im rejuvenated
 having to defend my general revulsion re philly last night just corroborated my argument n made me chain smoke out of frustration
 wow u smoke once amp now ur a pot head wtf i cant even deal with ppl
 im drunk and high. yall know i dont smoke.
 youll do all this but wont smoke a cig lmao yeah they dont appeal to me sorry not sorry.
 feelings hurt im ready to get off n smoke so i can sleep good
 this didnt suck. heres a prime grade brisket covered in @meatchurch  holy cow amp smoked on my @grillagrills . 
 i smoke blunts to the head so dont pass me shit @therealstylesp
 funding for a relational art masterpiece a 3in1 kosher  halal and cannabis dispensary shop is proving more difficult than i thought
 my son is trapped in minecraft irl ever since he tried weed  what do we do as a people
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 happy 2 say i only smoke cigarettes when i drink now. gonna be not at all soon.
 @childoflight51 no worries. sometimes its good to start over. weed and block at any intuition. i never follow someone wno followers.
 super bowl sunday schedule  1. smoke loud. 2. watch suoer bowl 3. smoke more loud 4. take a nap 5. wake up and roll loud
 5k run this morning makes up for the brunch and jazz goodness to start the afternoon. @ smoke 
 one gorgeous grilled cheese... with muenster  brie amp smoked gouda. instavideo @ epicerie boulud 
 retweet if you think nfl players and other athletes should have the right to medicate with weed superbowl nfl 
 yall chill cause no one here really want smoke or issues this aint what they want.
 my mom just told me i need marijuana anonymous 
 i need to smoke but i dont wanna move
 just wanna smoke
 pizza wangs wine amp weed
 to much smoke   glasses foggy
 this nigga in the gym ugly as fuck bruh  he must smoke dat bobs burgers shit 
 crack is cheap. ok. lets get that straight i make too much money to ever smoke crack. ok. we dont do crack crack is wack.
 @aral10 no  thanks  i dont smoke. its a.... disgusting habit
 im in the smoker section
 martha stewart and marijuana puns
 i just smoked the best superbowl of all
 for those that smoke on my tl  whats ya favorite stran
 solder getting smoked.
 @lexraachelle try hemp or coconut too
 no one trynna smoke ok
 all i smoke is killer  your bitch look like thriller
 someone come pullup and smoke with me and just go on an adventure
 and some weed  so i can be midlevel instead of low nor high
 this almost makes me want to quit  but then i realize that the more i smoke the less i live on this wretched planet. 
 i swear smoking weed helps you lose weight. lol
 yeh what up ahmed   lemme get uhhh 2 packs of the grape smoker choice flee   ight bet.
 can someone have a paint party  were we drink wine  smoke hella weed amp paint all night 
 it smells like so much weed on this bus lol
 hype for the chain smokers w @denverbrooke
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 @realdonaldtrump this double standard needs to stop i have never been a pot smoker  but i do take cbd with wonderful results and no highs
 @thelastannazon the house was full of smoke when liv woke me up. it burned like half the crawlspace door off amp was deeeeep in the mulch
  oh youre a freshman you dont smoke yet 
 some guy behind me smell like madd weed..
 i need somebody to kick it with it when im going through everything im going they when i just lay back and smoke a blunt gherbo 
 i cant wait to get a check from my grandma for valentines day to buy weed
 if we smoke a blunt and i bring some 10 gas and you ova here talm bout im high then a bitch thats some good imma assume u smoke 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 134 n madeira st  
 action bronson smokes weed and tastes food from around the world. hes livin the life
 it wasnt weed bro it was my vape 
 new menu item. mixed greens and seaweed salad. hijiki  wakame  greens  radish  cabbage  hemp 
 im a postal author today...activated the self cleaning feature on the oven. smoke in my eyes  hunger in my stomach but i write on...
 wait where did smokey bones go
 my car just got smoked with bird shit as im pulling out of the car wash.. sick joke today
 what kind of weed is this  
 florida department of health holds first medicinal marijuana workshop in jacksonville 
 match means have your own weed with you
 who cares if someone stole tom bradys sb jersey now  if it was an authentic brandon weeden jersey  now youre talking
 fuck galaxy smokeshop
 yea well u just shouldnt smoke at all... lol always somethin i used come 2 the crib off a perk 10 bent off henny amp smacked 
 glad ive been grinding im ahead in all my classes so i dont got shit to do but smoke weed tonight 
 bro i really forgot my weed before class....
 i dont know how to cope with pain so i just smoke till that shit goes away
 my mom just told me i need to smoke some weed like wth
 time for a smoke break
 little smokey  little floral  drinking a smore money  smore problems @ hot shots family entertainment center  
 @olddazecothing toss me 8th of  gas i havent smoked in years. lol 
 i dont smoke and never smoked a day in my life aint saying nothing wrong with it just not my thing 
 you dont do nothing but sit around the house amp smoke weed all day..broke ass.
 the oldest living veteran in america smokes 12 cigars a day at the age of 109.
 honestly bro i just be at home by myself chillin in my backyard smokin weed. life is good man
 @ayoitsjohnny 5 and i was like aye is there weed in it and he was like nah foo it tobacco. i was like tf we smoking this for
 only way ima fall asleep is if i smoke 
 brb  suffocating from second hand smoke
 @lirr what is the reason the 712 from hempstead is cancelled at jamaica
 just had an epiphany i need a shot of hennessy. two shots for those who envy me. im about to smoke this christmas tree
 glad i didnt wear true religion or smoked weed during high school and was able to graduate on time 
 tired of seeing people complain that they got in trouble for having anything to do with weed. like shit  i use to smoke all the damn time...
 i need a loyal weedman
 @drilara24 i dont smoke  i heard that works for a lot of people tho
 opened tree maintenance request via iphone at 601 18th st  overgrown weeds.
 hispanic parents would rather get a call saying you got into a car accident and lost ur legs than to find out youve been smoking weed lmao
 idk what to think cause the cats going to look tight as fuck but then again does the cat even smoke cigarettes and 
 much needed smoke break before class.
 crispy edged egg with smoked salmon on toasted egg bread  
 @sengillibrand @senschumer umm  yeah i pretty much concur. however  it never hurts to smoke their account servers..
 adulting saying no to yourself when you wanna skip class to smoke a blunt
 i sweatergawd last night chloe whispered to me we can smoke on my porch and shit never happened to my recollection.
 i actually wanted a valentine this year.... so much for that ima smoke myself out tho and take myself out for drinks and food 
 first smokey of the dayyyyyyy @ ke  ke in coral springs  fl 
 good smoke and a smile 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 12011249 guilford ave  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 309 south stricker street baltimore  send mes 
 vaping in my car on break is so sketchy i feel like people are questioning why my car is so smokey and if im smokin the dope at work
 update immediately afterwards my manager came outside and asked me why my car was smokey 
 still straight with the weed and the liquor these days cuz the new drugs got the kids trippin these days 
 ramen noodles  smoked pork loin  curry broth  acorn squash  carrots  mushrooms and soft boiled egg.. best with our 
 to extinguish a behavior in someone  ignore it. media  try this with trumps tweets if you want to smoke him out of hiding behind his phone.
 break that shit down  roll that shit up   amp smoke it to the face 
 @shelbychong @tommychong whoa look at that weed.the tsleilwaututh first nation has nomination coming up on feb 152017 can i nominate you a
 ima go smoke it to the face man and keep going. today has been frustrating
 holy smokes the one from me in my bathing suit is from june and the other one is from this weekend. wow. 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 the only way i get results on marijuanarelated bills on the tx lege website  is if i spell it marihuana... why @txlegislature
 best smells fresh cut hay diesel race fuel fire smoke
 dont smoke two blunts with me then ask me to go out thats how i fall asleep on your ass
 put that in your pipe and smoke it dems 
 this nigga gone say well im not getting an hotel so idk how we gonna smoke and chill tffffffffffffffff 
 @realdonaldtrump  i suggest mr president  tou have some researchers get dirt  on these jerk weed demarxacrats.aces up your sleeve .play em
 pussy money weed thats all a nigga need 
 its 2017 and people still think weed is a harmful drug what
 yo i need a hot date to @bandofnothing next week non smoker non ugly
 me and aidan after lots of marijuanas 
 asap can you light the weed instead of holdin it lol
 hella weed 
 @mediccaptfm trump is con artist  all smoke amp mirrors  corps learned to send press releases on jobs amp growth that were already planned sad
 i need more friends that smoke
 friday is gonna be 72 im trying to hit breckenridge and smoke a joint in between slopes 
 roll up some weed and disappear to my home planet 
 @karinatorres7 when you had weed on you lmao
 this is why i have to smoke weed it helps me sleep at night why the fuck am i tweeting at 247 in the fucking morning
 think ill smoke and watch the entire season 6 of twd this weekend
 never trust a man who smokes blacks
 leo also asks for a medical marijuana tax. some light applause.
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 idk about yall but i still get shit done after i smoke
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes available   job
 all yall people with problems going to sleep heres a remedy smoke weed... youll sleep like a baby
 or just give them all to me so i can make sure you dont smoke 
 i hate people who skip school to smoke that shit is the dumbest shit ever
 she just wanna smoke all ma weed 
 its fucked up that you cant use the bathroom because someone is sleeping in it or eating or smoking weed in it
 yall swear me and monica are kidding about this reefer party on vday  haha
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 19071923 west pratt street baltimore  send m 
 im ready to smoke again 
 we the highest  and my weed keep me the calmest.
 bringing more weed to smoke with s person andor group of people also smoking weed. 
 smoke good weed wit a bad bitch
 like if i smoked  id be on my way to smoke a fat one or if i had 
 lmao hell nahhhh i got some undo tryna make me sell him some weed
 its wingwednesday at @meatings come by and try our smoked wings with a pint of 
 @kaylai @rangefront there are certainly some places for it the point of my lecture was to weed out pervasive unnecessary use.
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 200 s loudon ave  trash and debris 
 what you mean weed is illegal 
 them all you do is smoke  me 
 good luck   legal weed states ... i dont smoke so im good.
 bye to progress on legalization of marijuana. hello to disproportionate arrests of minorities for using drugs at th 
 holy smokes 
 he is a lost ball in high weedsc. greer
 you dont smoke weed unless you post it
 moms lowkey dumb tho like tries to search my room but my weed treasure chest is in plain sight on the table right next to my bed
 @kevinrobinson8 smokes the devils lettuce
 hope they dont choke on smoke 
 my favorite things include money  weed  pussy  and wings
 hundreds of texans try to convince lawmakers to recalibrate marijuana laws 
 @onefiftyone lol at least when we come back yall can bbq or smoke me some trout
 i sound like a 60 year old smoker when i lose my voice
 it smells like hella weed outside of wingstop
 smoke weed everyday. 
 honestly i know my worth and ik damn well im worth more then a one night stand with someone who just wants to smoke weed all day
 gone @ belmont house of smoke 
 and we all know the smoke alarm doesnt go off when the house is on fire.
 spend time wit tha bitch b4 she goes to work... smoke a blunt w her  motivate her...
 happy birthday to a day one brother @mistermorris couldnt be anymore like family  smoke hella dodie and stay l 
 the last blunt ill ever smoke
 i have a blunt in my money bag and every time i open it all u can smell is weed
 fuvk a moke all i need is dope smoke
 whenever i cant sleep i wanna smoke and listen to like soul and blues music
 valentines aint about weed its about romance 
 if there was such thing as a vacuum that only sucked up weed and nothing else  i got about an ounce in my room scattered
 please stop tryna compare weed to these dumbass drugs people killin themselves with. 
 ampamp smoke good weed b 
 about to get some coffee and smoke a blunt. today will be a good day
 starting to wake up early everyday and i havent smoked in forever  whose mans am i 
 we was smoke out last night  
 if a student smokes pot  should they be considered unsuccessful amp not a scholar
 @onlyinmendocino free ebook a marijuana mystery set in mendocino. 
 random ass guy hits me up on facebook asking me to get him weed. like who the fuck are you amp no get your own  the fuck
 considering there has been some smoke on him selling the team the past few months im inclined to believe that report.
 teacher said i sound like a 60 year old smoker 
 oomf and i will share a laugh here very soon. yes you..no not you  bye..you umm..miss rolling weed chunks from my jar on fedex packages
 had to smoke a bone out in the snow at work and had flashbacks to winter near deaths outside with @redthechef
 @gottigoddess cant even smoke weed out there fr lol
 i hate when people bash marijuana.
 thats what happens when you smoke the good kush in your whip @kaelynbutler
 there are many on east coast and in the states who dont have access or equal opportunity when it comes to cannabis 
 walk into my laundry room.. mom why does it smell like weed
 @hrw @margaretwurth for me the answer is easy i dont smoke and hate it when people smoke around me
 this nigga juss said ion pop mollies i smoke em  
 @phoebebridgers smoke signals is unbelievable. full length coming out this year i cant wait
 niggas dont want no smoke
 everyone is your friend when they wanna get smoked up 
 all the money i spent on weed couldve bought a house lowkey
 3. he can stay out all night when he wants 4. dont wanna do shit if it aint selln weed  the list goes on
 i just want a cute girlfriend that likes to smoke amp fuck around as much as me 
 @vanessamarigold  i been watching @bongappetit so much..im in my cabinets looking for cannabis seasoning to cook my food right now 
 how many blunts do you smoke in a day from the time you wake up till you gts  answer it
 why cant everyone just smoke like me just get up out my face and let me roll my weed
 i found weed on the ground
 i feel high af but i havent smoked all day lol 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   evansville  in
 Sacramento: CA
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   chicago  il
 i need friends that will be like lets go to twin peaks to smoke and come back on random days of the week
 people who smoke at gas stations i have a question...why
 ight now every nigga in columbus say they got gorilla glue noo they dont .thats the 2nd most potent strand and i know i aint smoke it
 oakland this saturday come smoke a fat blunt with the queen 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 if i ever went to jail cause of some weed i would b sick...
 bruins cash in on the power play as @pastrnak96 smokes a onetimer from bergeron at 1731. 31 bruins sharks bruins nhl metroboston
 makes me laugh when people that are always stressedmad talk down on weed and how disgusting it is
 @choochieuchis i dont wanna cut out my weed tho 
 everybody be wanting different strands of weed  all my clients like different shit
 @tiffysniffs put every fruit on pizza  weed out the weak
 can i bum a smoke this is how we meet  her asking this favor  not because shes cheap or 
 @dtxjay i dont smoke no more
 this is literally why i smoked so much weed  everybody annoys the living fuck out of me.
 lol at first i thought it was a picture of smoke and i thought you meant weed  but then i realized it was you and 
 @kellyannepolls this is only another smoke and mirror parlor trick. a failure of execution by the executive fifth grade branch.
 give me one bad fact about marijuana  one 
 i dont even smoke weed  but i wanna live in bill waltons world.  lmao
 i havent smoked in 2 days thats my longest
 lets smoke this weekend amp get munchies then eat healthy my mom to me 
 the smoke from the lyrical blunt makes me cough 
 im sneezing like a maniac. coughing like i am a hardcore smoker. and my throat hurts. should i risk getting my kids sick today
 ty @camillequ for invitation to discuss importance of public health approach to cannabis legalization amp regulation 
 not many people could say they smoked some broccoli with dram and ashed on his dog 
 thinking about converting to that weed church. is that still a thing
 @dgreenfield0 @mcdonalds @uber .so after a while i settled on weedbopoop. then halfway into my ride we picked up 
 @russdiemon snap story today.. people still smoke cigarettes thats like the biggest self served l hahahah so true
 i aint even stressed got a bag full of cannabis
  our egg  in a jar dish    who knew smoke and poached egg made sense.  @ scout at 
 a bad mixture and reinforces buyer beware that even exists in state medical cannabis programs that arent tightly 
 @governortomwolf @foxnewsresearch  why is medical marijuana not aval 4 chronic pain patients forced off meds by govt but kids can get it
 classmate you smell like weed me 
 new tonight grilled shrimp  white bean pure  herb salad  smoked paprika  crushed almonds. 
 lmao my weed mans got a new shorty every time i see him
 who tryna smoke these dutches w me
 can you recommend anyone for this job restaurant jobs at smokey bones bar amp fire grill   greensboro  nc hiring
 real talk weed has saved some of you mfs . 
 holy smokes....@blueoakbbq is legit 
 myles better put some weed in his car and call the cops
 where there is smoke  there is . 
 when ri legalized weed they should call all of the dispensaries dank ri like bank ri hahahahahahhahaha right
 @jrepodcast this guy is scarry jeff sessions on marijuana and civil asset forfeiture 
 @itsericaashleyy come join me it starts in 30 minutes and already smells like weed
 i wouldnt even attempt this thats a lot of weed 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ boston globe travel show  
 being a stoner was only cool when marijuana was illegal
 shamus cafe dinner menu naanyo bbq flatbread smokey bbq sauce with bacon and ham and spinach 
 what are your priorities for revenue generated by 2016s commercial cannabis tax 1st meeting is march 2 humco2018 
 im not even off work yet  and im already debating wether i should smoke this blunt before going out or nah.
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 i fucking love weed
 fbi cia mediapress democrats hire women 2 investigate  we love snooping  we can smoke them out flynngate russianhacking let women in
 i need to smoke but i cant so fuck my life right
 you wanna smoke wassup. @chiefkeef
 literally all i do at school is smoke amp do work ..
 this blunt looks sad because i havent smoked it yet.
 black dont crack unless you smoke it 
 once this pizza gets here imma fuck it up and smoke myself to sleep inthatorder
 i just smoked and i really want me somee tacoooss
 cheap weed and old spice. 
 why is weed always so dead.
 soeasyamonkeycoulddoit smoke cigarettes
 had a badass workout   chill ass smoke sesh amp about to take a well deserve  much needed nap . 
 everybody and they mother smoke weed 
 my customer just told me he drinks vodka and smokes pot everyday ahhahahaha best customer evaa
 she just wanna smoke up all my weed
 oh you in love. 2months ago the tweet wouldve went. beat a nigga up today yall. it was justified tho. buddy smoke 
 someone smoke with meee
 @cpactv please  please legalize and regulate medical cannabis federally. so many can benefit from this low cost med and its derivatives.
 lol smoke your firefighter interview 
 i just want to come home   bae already got the weed rolled with her feet up waiting on me to spark that bit smh wishfulthoughts
 let em smoke so they dont fuck you up in the process  this guy gmfu 
 can a girl just smoke some weed without getting in trouble... lol
 psa dont drop weed on your microfiber hair towel cause it will not come of. ever.
 from this day forward i will never drink liquor nor will i smoke weed. separate yourself from the flock to find your own strength.
 damn now i gotta smoke out the homie jorge 
 why is catnip legal but weed isnt if my cat can get high  so can i get
 just bought weed from a dispensary  told them i want the best sativa and best indica they have 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 i just want to smoke a j with wiz someday
 im wondering how many cigarettes new york smoked on ilovenewyork
 south hempstead ny sat feb 11th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 niggas weed really be smelling like shit talking about its that loud lmfao aii doo doo breath
 go listen to the track i ft. in      old school vibes  chill to smoke too
 @tylockness says the dude that smokes and chews at the same time lmaooooo
 the toughest place to smoke weed in nyc 
 i think im about to start smoking weed again fuck probation its been a good 9 months since i hit a blunt.
 thesantaclaritadiet is the beautiful hybrid of united states of tara  weeds and  you know  a show where drew barrymore is a zombie.
 things i want rn 1. long hair again 2. a nathan hail from perk  3. 200 million dollars  4. like 8 warmbloods and puppies 5. 6lbs of weed
 hate smelling weed if its not on memine
 there he is again in the weeds. obviously he golfs as expertly as he governs. 
 big boi smokes @ new blue ribbon restaurant 
 i needa smoke some weed aint smoked in weeks
 cass i like boys who smoke weed and talk about death   @casseramirez
 the ones who hate weed smokers are the ones who wish they coulddd
 @senrobportman @sensherrodbrown @repmarciafudge i can sell the presidency  and access 2 world leaders  legal right  selling weed aint
 thats that weed choking me my uber driver oops 
 i really dont wanna smoke by myself 
 damn i wanna smoke
 just dropped all the weed during the process of rolling 
 i cant wait to smoke this blunt and just calm the hell down.
 like a fucking ocean of weed
 im the only person in the world that dont smoke never did never will 
 i smoked five marijuanas and i got so drunk 
 .@gwpharma uk set for cannabis boom as gw pharma storms ahead  
 my grandpa dont smoke but it sounds just like him 
 cant wait until spring when i start growing cannabis again under | homegrow showyourgrow trumpera 
 its brunch time nashville and its 70 degrees how about some mimosas and our smoked chicken hash come on out and 
 @govmarkdayton please do not allow marijuana to be legalized in mn. it leads to worse issues with drugs. do the right thing for mn bless you
 a 100 for a dozen red roses  thats a lot of money for a plant you cant smoke.
 i am ready to wake up to the sound of boats on the water  smelling like smoke from a memory filled bonfire night.
 i cant tell if smokey is cuddling to say thank you for the best day or please  dont make me do that again  do 
 i like women soft spoken  but the weed loud....
 kidney liver fresh everything dont smoke no weed i been mature at the mind from marijuana
 this nigga fred sparked the newport then gon say bro why you letting me smoke this what 
 trap nigga smoking rapper weed
 @littlefoot u smoke 
 remember oomf dm me talm bout i was cute n allat i was feelin it. then she said but you smoke  bihh duh and yo sexy ass aint stoppin me
 a hindu devotee smokes cigarette during a procession of the thaipusam festival at the batu caves in kuala lumpur. 
 meditation  conversation and a lil marijuana
 tryna get weed on sundays is rough.. all the dumpers at church
 homemade huevos rancheros with a side of potato pancakes topped with a dill spread and smoked salmon 
 when i aint got weed   i listen to music to calmn myself
 too much weed i cant even skroll a blunt @tharealxtra
 checking it out cuz we are in the neighborhood @ smoketown brewing station in brunswick  md 
 anybody tryna come ova and smoke some trees w ya girl 
 find us at exit 174 on i5 in cottage grove  oregon see our menu on leafly amp weedmaps 
 why do people have in their bios that say i smoke weed till i die how old are you youre not cool. go home
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 cleveland girls all got gaps and sound like that smoke 4 boxes of newports a day 
 it turns out cigarettes can kill you cuz when you didnt come back  every time that i thought of you i smoked a whole pack
 havent smoked or indulged in any cannabis products in 2 days. tolerance break is going okay so far
 this is why we must unearth the evil weed in the garden of democracy that is donaldtrump 
 excited for 700 oclock to come for my favorite zombie show until then ill read my communications book and smoke 
 i need to smoke.
 waiting on a to go order at cheesecake factory and i smell someone smoking weed
 is this fucking idiot ever out of the weeds 
 ..where god was in this world..geeked up on fine reefer i pointed at the ocean and told her its right in front of you..
 chicago dont even support this kid like that because hes not rapping about bitches hoes weed and guns. 
 i swear on everything the people in the next apartment over smoke weed cause my bathroom is dank and i know its not me
 this is it amp smoke break 
 i havent smoked for a good 34 weeks 
 even though my queen didnt win a grammy tonight....at the end of the day... her smokey eye slayed every single pers 
 someone asked me today if i wanted to sell weed to earn some extra money.... nah i think im good bro  
 @ozzzzzzzyyyyy @giojmendoza yall both some dick smokers  nigha made a song about his city and yall like some shit about boys yall gay
 wish i had a blunt to smoke while listening to same ol mistakes 
 knew i shouldnt have smoked tonight bro i knew it
 up w no weed. 
 good drank good smoke fwm @wetrapmusic @cliffa2geeked60  follow me 
 @voyboy wait get the weed and lets put it in paper then burn it... maybe inhale it to see if its real
 how the fuck at i supposed to smoke a blunt on a 10 min break 
 i promise yall dont want no smoke straight up man
 bitche i sip drank n smoke everyday n i still get up for my 8 oclocks
 i really wish i could smoke during class a
 gonna smoke me a fatass wood to myself before school 
 story hempstead town ida and valley stream school district 30 to face @nyscomptroller audit 
 i smoked fat this morning...
 @alderlaneeggs @actaccordingly were not voting here but cant say i agree about hemptons hlf coverage.  4 him it seems to be abt ackman.
 my favorite song my chance is smoke again . like my acid rap was sooo amazing it reminds me of sophomore yr and theo
 metakes a break just to smoke and listen to migos in my car for 15 minutes
 .@nyscomptroller announces hempstead town ida  vs sd 30 audit in news release a few minutes ago. @newsday story  
 dont know if im just moved by prince tribute but id pay top  to have this colored smoke at my feet at all times 
 the smell wouldnt last an hour with me around esp aftr am weed 
 your mcm still buys weed from hushard
 i think ive always had a bad memory but reefer made it 2x worse
 i just dont understand how there are people in the world who take adderall without smoking weed
 her life is super green   as it takes the teacher 5 minutes to figure out were talking ab weed 
 i wish people would realize i could care less about weed lmao
 @a1exis8 @rbrzy89 theyre really gonna be pushing the free booze next yr when the weeds legal
  you have to weed out the people you love from the people you admire.
 honestly if everything on your car is valid  dont smell like weed  no warrants  or past arrest the police arent that bad.
 does nobody in sac smoke gas   come shop with a fool
 today marks the day where i stop everything bad. im done drinking  smoking hookah  and weed. time to better myself.
 wanna smoke but i aint tryna drive 
 just witnessed a guy pick up a half smoked cig off the street and begin smoking the rest of it. what the hell is that
 when the weed sho
 food amp weed snacking and relaxing with colorado topchef winner hosea rosenberg via 
 i need to smoke like now 
  seared west coast wild sea scallops  sherry potatoes  smoked lemon cream cheese  salted 
 i know i dont smell weed again
 ive been using this all natural hair conditioner called honey hemp and my hair has never felt softer.
 to the girl who thinks shes cool because she thinks she knows pop culture shit  smokes  complains about boys over twitter...youre not. 
 if you wanna get me flowers  make sure its weed
 bemynativevalentine amp ill make you chicsininaga with bakwezigan after a long day of hauling smokes on the lake
 im tryna smokey smokey. 
 cant smoke the pain away
 i hope jordan doesnt use flammable hair products. all that straining to detect is making her pea brain smoke. 
 i dont need no damn hoes for valentines day. i just want ableton and some weed.
 a rose will never bloom from a weed you must snatch that thing up at first sight  by the root. @charlesmblow
 fuck the weed  sis these lashes.... 
 @dopequis mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @kellzfullofdat mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @jellobmcfadden mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 home alone come through lets smoke and watch movies  
 this day dont mean shit to my life so i woulda told my girl if i had one to not buy me shit. but weed lol
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  copy  
 less stress more smoke now we all elevatin
 and if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget u
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2013 mchenry street baltimore  send message.
 i say smoke and then to see john wick . i treat myself well i know
 1915 birch and spruce smoke lake tt1915 
 nothing like hard liquor and marijuana to make me ignore all my seriously flawed relationships
 @20committee or create a smokescreen that trump responds to  taking the heat off a deeper investigation. come on  
 @lucaebooks the deli container catches the melted ice and makes free liquid smoke
 girls will stay posting weed bullshit 247 when 2 years ago they were trashing smoking.  swear yall need your opinions heard on everything.
 if my neighbors dont know what weeds smells like they must just think i smell really bad all the time
 timeout forsyth country day  630 left in the quarter. a dunk and layup from jack hemphill has the ravens up 40
 i wish i knew people that were going to see chain smokers
 wheres all my single people at  im tryna smoke a blunt
 anybody wanna smoke
  if these mfs dont remind you of thomas the train amp friends you smoked
 i think marijuana saved my life
 @sstaceysmom @cosanostra60oke you can see his eyes in the blue smoke
 construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 27s  wantagh state parkway 
 i think the distorted sense of time when high on weed pot is part of what helps drive creativity at least in me
 @shethicktho smoke sum 
 im finna smoke and go to sleep 
 @trilllife214 only after work we should smoke some time g send me yo  dm
 because id rather miss the last ferry and be trapped in seattle for the night than miss seeing chance preform chain smoker live get real
 the weed loud   turn it down
 people incarcerated always want you to do something  im not sending you no money to buy weed brah 
 i never post marijuana on social media
 good morning todays golden nugget if you ignore your garden the weeds will take over.  jim rohn prospectinggoldnugget
 im making vegan smoked salmon aka carrot lox and i am so excites please let it work i dont want to eat salmon anymore.
 boutta start drinkin since i cant smoke
 everytime i see him smoking weed i get mad cause i swear he said he doesnt smoke weed 
 @danurda nah the only one thats been confirmed was no. rest was probably just smoke.
 trouble with my @hawaiianair plane  emitting smoke at sfo. if i die falling 38 000 feet over the pacific please collect my travel insurance
 dyinnnnn ion even smoke so dont nobody quote my last tweet tryna shame me 
 atlanta band blackberry smoke partners with asheville brewing co. to produce beer  
 i think my fav part of working at smoke shack is getting the first pick of the new lighters 
 @realnorthwezt  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 a win for weed indeed  dea removes erroneous distortions from website httpst.cowm3unlir8w  @masscann 
 lmao war smokescreen weve seen this before 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   buffalo  ny
 someone come smoke at rose hills with me please
 wake up smoke a gram wake up smoke a gram same shit repeated every day bruh find a gig
 smokes weed once and already tellin people to bmo
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 damn  i wish weed men gave refund checks tsu20
 and a little weed.  
 @bobbycannavale bo diddley  bb king  smokey robinson  paul butterfield  chuck berry  h...   via @youtube very good
 tryna smoke a blunt for this headache
 when you smoke ur ex new dude on tha track .... he aint got it like me babygirl im one of a kind dreaux always in front 
 lchs burns another to to save possession good move at this point in the game. fouls to give by hempfield
 soooooo im trying to drink like i cant smoke soooo
 @shopredcar7 check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 exactly what i thought  i didnt know  barbies smoked  
 today the last time i gotta bring a 21 yr old w me to buy marijuana i am ecstatic
 @yungtyrabanks i dont smoke but
 @omfgiiz smoke some notes and study
 wanna smoke  nah ok
 guess im listening to g herbo and smokepurpp and xxx and fifa all night
 i just wanna smoke the night away
 i literally cant stand the smell of weed... it grosses me out so much
 i want it to be summer already so i can smoke a blunt under the stars without freezing to death smh
 dat lil pump amp smokepurpp movin joint is 
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at sb i5 fwy so  sw corbett ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000014023 0029
 i smoke loud for lunch
 @liljeffsonny eyes low cause  never sober cause im a mud drinker and a strong smokerrrrr
 new orleans weed men ltltltltltltltltltltltltlt
 all star weekend if your a celeb amp need high quality marijuana simply dm for inquiries  deliveries
 i need to smoke
 yo mcm smoke blacks but say cigs are gross
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3w  hempstead turnpike to exit w4e  southern state parkway 
 hon i just want to smoke my cig
 i dont wanna fuck you girl just relax and smoke the blunt and leave.
 weed smoke bout to ether me
 damn all that weed gone to waste 
 need to smoke
 hey @tonystewart guess what i just saw . thank you @rushtruckcenter for supporting smoke amp @tonystewartrcg 
 high grade smoke ah float through mi window
 this weekend were releasing our 2017 batch of simple means  farmhouse altbier w smoked malt. full menu 
 imma start finding my own weedman and call on my own and not tell nobody when i got it cause i hate that shit with a passion.
 i see the subtweets.... from my cozy ass bed  on my expensive ass laptop  smoking nice ass weed.
 who wants to smoke one wimme
  dont smoke the devils lettuce  crazy lady in quad
 rlly grateful to whatever it is that makes me so into skin care when im high bc my skin is so clear rn gbless thanks marijuana 
 i just wanna smoke eat amp sleep 8
 lmfaooooo what. weed k tho 
 you can smoke xans wtf 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3600 overview rd park circle 
 who wants to come over to drink and smoke with me 
 neka come anddd smokeee with meeeee 
  styles p jumps into the crowd to rap and smoke with fans in philly check out our full recap 
 @twentyoneclique wanna smoke your first blunt today
 im just really ready to smoke this weed man 
 cedars trying for 9th ll boys hoops title tonight. mccaskey has 14  hempfield 7. lancaster catholic has 1 2003  unbeaten state champs.
 tryna do the big smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3951 greenmount avenue baltimore  
 ff wanna learn about cannabis amp get beyond the stigma follow these folks @adlersinclair @blitzenkc 
 @saucyystoned everytime you want a cigarette  smoke pot  fall asleep wake up  want a cigarette  smoke pot  i slept it away  3 days your set
 i smoke og by the zip i think i got heart complications 
 she get dick weed and ignored thats a dwi nigga 
 yeah i had a drink.. yeah i smoke.. yeah you think i need you but i dont..
 i smoke so much pressure
 @themaineventlbk @realdonaldtrump wrong prices of weed are threw the roof  and if your getting stepped on shit its cheap i grew up in that
 does everyone in florida smoke
 a mouthful of smoke sure makes things clear.
 @abc7 lost our new sign at hemphills rugs amp carpets on east 17th street when a gust of wind ripped it right off th 
 hickory smoked jerk chicken is on the special board tonight @ fox bros barbq 
 patiently awaiting my wife to get home so i can go smoke some grass in the basement. its been a long day with the little one.
 dinner tonight leftover smoked salmon  asparagus  mushroom in cheese sauce  over penne....  
 shorrdy you should roll wit  come over and smoke wit me
 can someone please explain why weed is illegal i just dont get it.
 free almightydo free smoke rip quez
 every time i smoke i just cant get high
 crazy how the radio bleeps the word high but not drunk like weed is worse than alcohol or something stupid
 my tl need a smoke session together
 nights like these i wish i still smoked
 this is not a bobby pin it is a weed 
 ive been smoking so much weed lately that im considering growing my own plants
 who wants to hangout n smoke weed
 @buffa82 a old fashion smoker keep beer covered... dont want fluids from ring getting in your beer
 funny never done a line of coke or xanx in my life ask every1 that know me all i do is smoke dope lil niga keep on 
 just realized the guy who plays stan on 17 again is also the guy who plays silas on weeds... mind blown.
 chelsey is being weak for not letting me smokeeee on the way back from minot. 
 just blowing smoke up people asses and takin names.... you next   vapelife girlswhovape blowingsmoke 
 i smoked one blunt on a friday .
 the smell of weed rn is really making me sick.
 so glad to have friends back home who smoke
 off work. finna head home  hopefully smoke  sleep and do this shit again tomorrow.
 this aint the 80s you cant smoke in bars anymore sofarbestthingiheardallnight
 i needa amp wanna smoke .. where the weed at 
 you smell like smoked bacon best compliment ive got all day 
 weed lol i dont smoke it anyway 
 you girls love making smoking videos on snapchat and be so focused on being cute that you dont ever inhale th fucking weed 
 oh yeah. free smoke to anybody against the moment. we pushing with or without you.
 this song right here perfect song to listen to at anytime. you can smoke up to it  or get turnt to it  
 i can only smoke a half  
 i quit smoking weed 10yrs ago but cough like someone taking bong hits 
 apparently it is ok to smoke marijuana in the rooms at the concord cali hilton.  staff doesnt care. @hiltonnewsroom @hiltonhotels
 cant smoke w. them nomore 
 im at hempstead  ny in ny 
 @brendannyhan your words in meunich appreciated @senjohnmccain but see this thread. bannon using you as a smoke screen
 landlord on his mr. fixit shit rn and i just wanna smoke a blunt.
 brunch is served all day until 9pm come try these smoked salmon or lentil pate bagels before 
 whats on fire in des moines huge black pillar of smoke coming from the west side.
 when you exfoliate your skin amp smoke blunts 
 rob a bank  smoke 40 grams amp go to paris 
 hickory smoked duroc pork belly burnt ends while the last today @ fox bros barbq 
 @loudobbs   lou any truth to this  national guard fake memo was scheme to smoke out the leaker
 yall i havent smoked since 2015 
 this is how respectful smokers are when they are at a non smokers house    just put your 
 scorched earth  bad karma plant seeds literally and metaphorically  good karma grow cannabis  great karma love and be cool  best karma
 i be smokin rapper weed with my gaaang
 smoke weed till my face fall
 @coachdanmullen if you ever make it out to losangeles lets smoke some cigars hailstate msu  @olivacigar 
 this is a psa if u wanna eat taco bell n smoke weed around roughly 11 tn and watch movies  come thru
 @hippieoflove smoke 1 every 4 hours or all at once as needed 
 new formulation at isflc17  i support the rights of moslem immigrant gay couples to defend their marijuana crops with automatic weapons
 @mikeisaac smoke the marijuana
 i only got two bowls and ive been stalling to smoke it cause i wanna smoke a blunt for my headache and this stuffy nose 
 rumblings national guard fake memo was ploy to smoke out the leaker 
 my grandma thought i was going to get arrest because i smoke hookah....  itstabaco
 here to the future people.... put your money in the weed industry youll thank me later 
 im trynna smoke amp hit up jack in the box for some curly fries w a bad bitch
 need weed
 honeycombclear next gen cannabis oil is top shelf next to its self  take control today link 
 how yall parents let yall smoke in ur rooms...bitch the fuck
 lets smoke
 someone bring me food and weed rn 
 i get self centered and upset often  but when i smoke a cigar and drink lots of beer on a quiet night i see the folly of it and feel bad.
 if you smoke around your kid youre a dub.
 shut the fuck up i dont want your conversation rolling marijuana thats a true vacaaation
 who wanna smoke wit me
 now she think the neighbors smoke 
 its a great night to smoke and watch anna mae
 smoke weed  can put me on good ass music n got my back definitely a keeper but where she at thoe 
 this is the longest wait i have ever had to do for some damn weed 
 @eggdog smoke weed everyday voice hold up
 someone sell me wax or weed
 @sabrinaannlynn it been one year since smoke and fire has been released  oneyearofsmokeandfire
 see our latest crawfordsville  in job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 i used to chill at the crib to smoke and sell bud all day and do stupid shit. now im working on building my company and making music
 crack game dead all they want is weed now
 cant imagine having to actually physically find a weed dealer. can rarely get mine on the phone 
 im trynna smoke some woods 
 i was so turnt last night i was telling my whole family about how much i love weed amp they said we all knew that by looking at ur hair 
 why be w someone that doesnt do shit all day besides smoke amp plays games when u can be w someone thats responsible amp works hard all day
 my little sweetheart bugging me while i pull weeds. lol puppylove @ tobin park  el paso 
 im tryna go on a nature walk  do some photography  and smoke blunts today whats gooood
 im trying to smoke  so whats up
 were hiring click to apply assistantassociate professor of weed biology   davis  ca job jobs careerarc
  marley are the whole bag of cannabis
 perfect day to sit at a beach amp smoke a blunt
 @heyimmarkus actual only in yur lifetime not mine.  we need an unopinionated  media.  we the ppl nn to weed out the opinionated ones.
 whats a good place you can walk and smoke like a trail or somethin
 yeah straight edge is cool and all but i heard they got weed here
 waking up to spilled weed and champagne
 messy hoes will get ya smoked
 why dont you complain some more about niggas hitting up ur girl or weed lol 
 someone smoke a l w me in my driveway i need sum
 i just wanna smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 smells like someone lit up a whole field of weed outside bdubs  nice
 ian smokes. bajalife regatecs @ baja cove beach 
 wanna go smoke
 daryl has watched smokey and the bandit before for sure. thewalkingdead twd 
 i only smoke meth when i absolutely need to stay up for 2 and a half days straight
 bones dont smoke
 did u peep joeymalice vs billyshakes on smokedoutbattles youtube page lemme give u a hint it 
 you dont smoke... 
  his new books in the context of marijuana culture 
 you lows tryna tryna eat this weed then go to bed and wake up blowed as fuck for school @mayorshawn
 racks bustin out a nigga jeans  might as well go and blow it. smoke the loud like nicotine  talk drugs and i record it
 i dont smoke  i dont drink  and i dont party. i work  go to school  sleep  eat  and read.
 smoking weed is gross
 so this old lady just came up to me and said im leaving back to canada and i cant bring this with me and handed me her weed
 hb448 new an act relating to industrial hemp. 
 @julezsd @jadewhisperrr yas w 2 fine bitches lets to slayyy amp drank amp smoke im w itttt
 deadass thinking about sneaking out just to go smoke  got too much on my mind lol
 who the fuck tryna smoke in memory of my favorite president abraham lincoln
 uhhhh yea im talking about the weed man   the guy u got it from momma 
 theres so much smoke coming out of my car rn lmao
 bout to smoke amp ko
 fog  nope  natures smoking weed 60s groovy @ redbud farm and caprini creamery 
 @potus a job  dignity respect and freedom of worship. its time for islam to rise up and weed out those among them the contaminate..@foxnews
 hate them bitches that just smoke and think they wavey cause they smoke  bitch please
 @nba @nfl a huge  of the players smoke dope  use steroids slap their baby mamas around. they are in no position to 
 @cookiemonstadub laying down that party drink smoke remixxx turnup @ the fillmore detroit 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign...  
 @lilmsjac @lilpocketangel truth and honesty are like a breath of fresh air while in a room of smoke its like lies and deceit
 pussy weed amp alcohol  2 hoes they trying to break me off riding in a cadillac i swear my 
 and then smoke
 im smoking this moon rock and im  high af i aint smoked 25 of the wood yet
 if you smoke dont tell a female you dont smoke just to try to look some kinda way  shes not ur type if she dont like that. be you 
 @tysonworkman niggas be having smoke tricc competitions innis hoe 
 all we smoke  is gas  gucciblack1g @ gas world 
 @epascottpruitt why dont you travel to london right now  put on your walking shoes and hike around breathe that coal smoke
 @kodakblack1k not only is your songs ass  you out here facetiming little children  not to mention shes smokes new ports 
 @oregonian im clean and sober and tobacco free and dont smoke marijuana. i use prayer as a copping skill. never been a drug addict or alch
 when i do smoke  i make sure its @cigarsbackwoods   by thisisbingo @ kansas city  missouri 
 refuges no marijuana train yes 
 exponential hemp growout to block catastrophic climate change and to stop the war on drugs 
 man i wish i had some weed up in my system
 hate when someone says that dont like people that smoke but they end up smoking now gimme my 30 seconds
 @billpostoregon i thought marijuana 7 million so far would help why no one talking about that  tax revenue
 last call for the weed amp alcohol
 @bridgethughes my favorite was the time i smoked before a fh game amp ate an entire bag of trail mix  passed out on the bus amp couldnt run
 how on earth would breathing smoke and chemicals into your lungs not cause you to have cancer
 smoke weed  go to school and fuck authority
 we dnt run frm smoke we run 2 the smoke. @ the vortex l5p 
 wanna  know what really grinds my gears. people that always want to smoke but never have nothing to smoke no you cant hit this blunt
 biggest turn off when a guy smokes
 that morning after youve been smoking weed... breath be stinking like shit
 holy smokes  
 id prolly have way more money if i didnt spend it on weed.
 dont smoke pot with sick people
 to whom would like to smoke and chill
 @jamessh07054823 hes making a slow  dark roux in the oven  has chickens on the smoker outside. no doubt torturing the entire neighborhood 
 im in the car w my pops handling the aux and i start playing all these corridos about coke amp weed and my dad starts 
 cant forget about the weed smokers hiding in the shadows
 how outcos fully automated greenhouse will improve cannabis cultivation with science  via @marijuanatimesx
 yeah i still smoke but im a productive smoker
 i really wish i could smoke rn 
 i wish it was legal to smoke marijuana in mississippi.
 i think i smoked enough today
 corinne is the goat  she got tossed but still... smoke
 holy smokes this is fuckin lit  
 @saberspark dont worry  that would never happen id use white smoke.
 nancy  you dont smoke 
 real niggas have at some point smoked at the waters on thousand oaks
 @jaredbrady dont smoke it he dont smoke reggie lol 
 sparked a joint 2nite and @mykkiblanco jumped down to rap rt next to us @chelseagangster and i smoked the whole thing  obvi. but omfg 
 late night smoke sessions w you are my favorite
 when your hubby gets your favorite weed and finds your favorite swisher sweet  caramelpeach girlscoutcookies 
 cigarette smokers just turn me off completely
 all you do is smoke and ride dick stop it 
 ion like doing bad things ion smoke or drink ..ion steal ..i keep secrets ..give great advice ..i thin k im like a angel on earth
 imma smoke this joint then imma brake you off
 somebody else smoked me out. lol 
 we deserve a smoke break 
 heard my gm talking a few weeks ago about cbd being taken away thinking she was talking about cannabis cbd.. nope just cafe based delivery 
 i aint rushing anything man.. i done seen my cousin smokepurpp come up  i done seen ski mask come up  my turn coming.. we all human
 @carlquintanilla lifetime high is a good name for a medicinal marijuana dispensary
 @vertmedical free ebook today on masculine  femminine and cannabis 
 cowboy cobb  marinated steak  chopped baby romaine  applewood smoked bacon  hardboiled egg  
 just set the smoke alarm off in my apartment because i burned the sweet potato fries i was cooking.. obvious sign i should stick to cereal
 @nycfrottage you get naked with your boy or boys   smoke up and get it popin its the best
 btw my first pub speaking speech is on how to do a basic smokey eye. so totally comfortable with it.
 everyone tweeting bout weed  its beautiful.
 @abc7newsbayarea great better than anticipated... not having a politician in there has been refreshing. weeding out the worms and crooks
 doctor do you smoke or are sexually active  parent sitting in the room 
 lets smoke
 the train smells like straight up weed lol
 justin cant smoke weed lmao he needs to stop lol 
 @maddow   hillary clinton weed out hate she is speaking about my program 
 anyone in utah want to smoke a blunt
 @beingdetained you can but amp smoke weed legally
 ugh is anyone down to smoke w me 
   join us in atlantic city  nj march 1819 to meet the experts of the cannabis industry at harrahs hotel amp resort.
 need your love like a weedstick
 what if we woke up high everyday amp smoked to get sober..mind blown.
 4nem got smoke for the low low 
 i miss jasmine and lauren smoke sessions so much
 i just want to smoke a blunt to my mf face 
 i smoke good on the regular whitelinesalbum imjustdifferent sony rocnation theworld philly 
 i just wanna smoke and get some chick fil a
 new good morning breakfast is served with these fancy creamy baked eggs with smoked salmon. 
 hard day training today... im smoked 
 richardson father risks freedom to promote cannabis treatments for his daughter 
 im up   so i smoke a blunt
 but the migos aint want no smoke with big soulja 
 @evilmark420 theyll notice a happier population as a majority  not a whole. instead of arresting and fining people for weed they tax it.
 @loraliehursman toronto  ive given it some thought. nah. maybe a 6 month visit till the smoke clears.
 is james okeefe about to smoke cnn  
 it was all good until my momma found out i smoke lmaoo
 a true smoker will always make time  
 @realdonaldtrump learn the history of hemp.
 being able to smoke in my own room is amazing
 @joshtpm @tpm we need to close the weed gap
 in 8th grade i put my phone in the microwave thinking it would charge it but it smoked out so i put it in the freez 
 @miramargaret johnnies  8 pm  weeded  and someone tries to take one of your salads  
 another artist to keep en eye out for sxsw2017 @mollyjburch amazing slightly smokey vocals 
 @wehoville agree city council should focus on attracting new businesses tied to the marijuana industry. increase tax revenue into our city.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 6719 reisterstown road baltimore  send messag 
 this guy is all smoke and mirrors 
 @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump @prisonplanettv @brietbartnews @paul nehlen i think this hey dog and pony show is smoke and mirrors
 this weird ass white girl and two asian girls walking around the lane knocking on doors  bout to smoke dey ass
 sometimes i think i smoke toooo much weed 
 loooooove the smell of cologne and smoke
 my summation of the luncheon on marijuana reform in tn. sugas view  we all have one and 
 i am watching smokey and the bandit. i really think beckie and williams are socialist and part of the problem. neit 
 if the weed man hits you up first  he cant get the pack off dont argue with me
 we cant be friends if you smoke cigs 
 i hate people who smoke ciggs and are ignorant about it like i dont feel like smoking but thanks for blowing it all over me
 sell me weed
 i havent smoked anything since i got off at 2... am i ill
 knocked over a bottle of liquid smoke while cooking and now i smell like bacon.
 i cant stand how someone on the trainbus always smells like alcohol or weed. both smells give me migraines.
 i need a friend that love to smoke just as much as me 
 i slick wanna smoke 
 i would have loved to smoke a bowl with my momma got drunk with her when i was 17 but no smoking 
 what if humans didnt need sleep what if people only drank tea what the world legalized weed what could life be what if it was you and me.
 @brendaanicolee study sesh brenda not smoke sesh  
 @krimepay had sprayed acid on me in the bathroom before nd i kinda attacked him with a weed whacker a year later lmao. good times 
 asked the dude on my floor thats always wearing a hat with marijuana leaves on it if he ever smoked  he said he never touched drugs... 
 i need to smoke this blunt so i can go to sleep
 whats california smoking at 11pm on channel 4  @nbcla iteam exposes toxic pesticides on legal marijuana  that could make you very sick.
 the only thing i dislike about not smoking anymore is that im stress eating lmfao my dr. told me instead of resorting to weed  im eating 
 atl weed diff. asf
 twitter weeding out troll behaviour  irish times  
 @senatorfolmer is addressing the implementation of the medical marijuana law. credits doh and gov for smooth path hrcforum
 i almost started a fire and the smoke detectors started going off and none of the 3 sleeping people in my house woke up ...
 tryin smoke outside
 will watch weeds grow 
 i hit the weed i told myself the last time would be my last 
 smoking weed makes me so happy.
 such a nice day to smoke some ls outside and enjoy the weather
 i havent smoked hookah in 4 days  this is a record
 to all my professional weed heads  is this shit okay 
 young people said bernie bc free college amp legal weed. when asked what theyd do with money saved by no tuition amp more party money was 1
 as much pot as i smoke u cant find one picture of me on any social media
 @waynedupreeshow yep weed out and ignore the baddies and ignorant boobs eh ha ha ha 
 have you ever been conscious in a coma... please dont tell my mama this aint marijuana...
 doctors are refusing to operate on smokers. heres why the trend will grow. 
 irony invokes states rights when it comes 2 protecting trans kids  yet states they r gonna enforce national bans 4 those who use marijuana
 @eevee @chipfoxx to be fair weed is still a federally controlled substance. still somewhat hypocritical though xp
 do you have an instagram no i only smoke weed
 i havent smoked in almost 6 months im proud of myself
 hard not to conclude the goal is to aggressively prosecute marijuana use  then put the convicted in private prisons to increase profits.
 i dont want to live in a world where there is a chain smokers x coldplay song hillsongradio 
 the first time i smoke with ryan this nigga had me freezing on that damn porch
 do you think nc state legislators should let voters decide whether or not medical marijuana should be legal
 peer pressure is not a thing just saying. i hangout w potheads everyday amp i dont smoke and no one forces me sooooooooo
 lets smoke
 i just wanna smoke and chill
 idc left or right  it seems to me the only reason to further restrict marijuana is to keep pharmaceutical companies 
 yesterday smoke free. today  slipped up  always tomorrow stopsmoking
 i just want weed in my life rn
 iaminafog @ north hempstead  new york 
 literally my manager yelled at me to smoke a cigarette... wont argue with you there
 mail me weed
 having an ex in my neighborhood is cool for the free food  weed but its mad annoying when he be tryna get over me amp cut me off
 sean spicer gave an ominous warning to the marijuana industry 
 @realdonaldtrump  mr president please do not interfere with recreational marijuana. let us the people decide for our selfs. thank you
 we brought our weedwhackers out 
 @c0dyl3wis appreciate it a lot  i miss you much  smoke soon pretty please.
 my parents brag about how good their weed is but if they smoked my shit theyd fucking die
 currently have 4 days and 11.47 to plans a weeding 
 yes  im in colorado. no  i havent smoked. @ colorado springs  colorado 
 will draconian sentences resurface for marijuana possession is legal here in or so we have businesses that will di 
 this app will test whats in your weed  daily vice  vice video  via @vicevideo
 want dat smoke i send em 
 smoking weed with your significant other is the perfect bonding experience   no fr . i think all couples should do it .
 i hate when i smoke too much in the shower and i cant move so i stand there for 8 solid mins wastin fuckin water amp light timer
 im tight the cops poured all my weed out last night now i dont have a blunt to smoke on my way to work 
 white house hints at crackdown on recreational marijuana  
 @stansburyshow i have no problem with legalizing marijuana  but i want a way to test when someone is driving  like we have for alcohol
 i need about two bad bitches and good weed asap
 i can already tell imma need to smoke after work today
 @coryelzey notice how states rights dont come into play with marijuana legalization under this administration.
 dont you love that the federal govt cares more about stricter rec marijuana laws than trans bathroom rights forthepeople hypocrites
 @marycaddell @cotonluver @vp where there is smoke there is undoubtedly fire.
 i never thought i would smoke with @joseforsale21 
 will today be the day curlz links and gets high wit a real nigga  cause she dont smoke lol
 hesperia chamber morning coffee. large crowd here to listen to bbampk talk about prop 64 and medical marijuana laws. 
 shout out to imran from karachi who smokes weed but doesnt drink  drives for lyft  and has no interest in being my friend
 every thing will be fine.. just be patient amp smoke a little weed 
 i shouldve smoked this morning 
 i only smoke loud green
 if @potus @realdonaldtrump is going to be petty about marijuana in going to dc with a megaphone.
 brady do you wanna roll a bowl or smoke a joint
 @machusonline what one smells the most woodsy  smokey
 incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 39 i90  state fair i690 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 
 @rachbsilverman @vivelesavenir the one where weed is a family tree of users because everyone is introduced by someone else i love becker
 a perfect moment in time is like smoke. you cant grasp it. you cant capture it. you can only 
 nigga gave me free weed at the store
 w.h.thinks states should decide about bathroom access but feds should decide what you smoke. what do they do about trans using marijuana
 just cause a girl likes to smoke doesnt mean she gotta do something to get it lol 
 firstworldproblem 6 weed delivery services for home but 0 pizza or chinese delivery options. ah.... napavalley
 @juice3d the weed is all free    party all night.   tonight everything is on me  the bitches the hotel the weed is  free
 how do people have the confidence to smoke weed out in public
 my manager got in the car with me nigga say smell like that loud amp black ice  dont know if its the weed or the air freshener
 i feel so honord to smoke out a new beginner   like yaaaaaas take a hit amp relax 
 @liv2loud and 3 scheduled smoke breaks throughout the duration of the workout 
 all i need rn is to be with a good group of friends and smoke and just converse. like really  be my friend lol.
 these hemp wraps 
 has someone been giving our sticks weed 
 update incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3e  hempstead turnpike to exit w4w  southern state parkway 
 when you smoke with people who cant hang ltltltltlt 
 oh man @cwriverdale is like @abcflyinggame high on weed and @plltvseries jacked up on sterioids
 @abc presenting @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in parks throughout 
 @antisemitism  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in usa par 
 i smoke broccoli it hurt my chest 
 so i was playing zombies with sophie earlier amp we almost got smoked 17 times because my mom texted me this amp we wer 
 @rjuan19 but i dont smoke so ig ill kms
 @billratchet this is just nonsense. weed science has gone too far. back it up.  were done here.
 every single guy i talk to sells or sold weed  i swear lmao
 @mohamadhafiz76 he smoke outside
 enough serious shit 4 2nite im off 2 watch @superiordonuts. . .  about trust  its because i smoke weed  isnt it. gawd  im in luv
 lmfao....i hope shes joking...just my dude but he got smoked
 head in the clouds tryin to smoke your way out it
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1030 s dukeland st  trash removal. 
 where theres smoke... theres  
 grow a little passion and put it in your hope. roll a little jasmine and put it in your smoke.
 @progteaparty @dustintmcd they got power to do right thing and its early. i feel like @seanspicer was talking anti marijuana for @cpac .
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 i got all the drugs i got all the weed i got all the blow baby what you need.
 its a beautiful day to smoke 
 i cant tell if im smelling rancid meat or marijuana. carnivalproblems
 holy smokes... 
 since none of you bitches wanna help me kove this furniture dont come to my shit to smoke got me fucked up 
 brunch @ belly up smokehouse amp saloon in chicago  il 
 everything i smoke at least 260. i can see from here she wanna move with me. 
 @thetempest1980 @libertarianwing i dont smoke or drink. i find that life is easier when i dont try to fix other peoples habits.
 where the weed at
 simply southern smokehouse is calling my name .. 
 girl we go together like weed and paranoia
 my mama love to hide the good cereal in her room like i want some artificial cereal that looks like the man on the box smoke crack .
 pops ion smoke weed
 @katyperry @hillaryclinton @dalailama so until i get some damn help from you takers imma smoke and drink coffee i n 
 will i smoke this bitch  yes. probably fail my piss test lmfaoofbhsklshhwnshshdhsshdgxjdkxbxjjdndh 
 @thatkevinsmith @jaymewes im all outta weed bluntman
 people actually think weed is worse than alcohol  
 baby hit this weed it might calm you down
 john travolta gas smoke faceoff
 if i didnt smoke as much weed as i do i would save so much money lmao lmao lmao i hate me
 @npunty idk what weed is even
 i need a bae that i could smoke with and take on tour.
 getting lit for ganja tonight
 we gon roll one  smoke one  when you live like this youre supposed to party.
 5 for a pretzel dog holy smokes... no wonder stores are closing in this mall @ wetzels pretzels 
 because i smoke cigarettes i feel like the windows on my car down 100 percent of the time
 i forgot to go to the smoke shop
 im so over the white sadboi who smokes and scowls aesthetic lol can we do something new
 i seriously question how ppl dislike marijuana 
 im neck deep in the weeds and this mother fucker asks for yellow limes  what the fuck
 i smell like smokey bones and i hate it.
 fuck how you living  cash money i get it @ shamu smokehouse 
 think i said this a couple weeks ago  but i hate when i see a cutegirl online  but says she smokes. automatic no for me. onlinedating
 @karanesch @jodiumo that generation lived like that. my great grandfather smoked  chewed  amp drank but still lived 2 103. whod have guessed
 @iancrance wisdom teeth  cant smoke
 when a cute boy tells you he dont smoke 
 is there already a weed product called harry chronic jr
 @kylegibbons7 happy birthday brother smoke a fat for me
 i cant wait till im off parole so i could smoke
 close the door we cant the weeds out
 up and at em this morning. pork shoulder on the smoker and some articles coming to life.
 matt elam was stopped for erratic driving. police then searched his car and found more than 126 grams of marijuana amp 3 grams of oxycodone
 you not rolling my fucking weed 
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down  ill rub yo feet listening to everything you talking bout 
 told the doctor ima healthy kid i only smoked broccoli 
  yall smoke to enjoy it  i smoke to die  john green
 i come downstairs and my tias are like ayyyy canny short for cannabis lmao
 ... so lets focus on marijuana shall we 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation.
 i really just want to read daughter of smoke amp bone. my kids just wont quit  momlife hyper
 @nfl grant it matt elam had a lot of cannabis in an illegal state but are we as society to continue to ruin a persons life
 nfl ravens safety matt elam arrested with 126 grams of marijuana and 3 grams of oxycodone in his car via pft | 
 damn ravens safety pulled over with 128 grams of weed its a wrap
 dam kid i wanted to smoke but i had to hustle my whole break to smoke now im hungry
 this birthday hasnt been fun so far i need to smoke
 maybe someone should tell @realdonaldtrump that marijuana would make his hands look yuge makedonalddrumpfagain 
 you dont want no smoke no cancer baby
 omg if you have look like barbie smoke like marley in your bio kindly shoot yourself in the face. i cant.
 if donald trump does indeed go after the marijuana industry its gonna be interesting to see who gets locked up in masses and what time they
 update incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue 
 im at st. ladislaus r.c. church in hempstead  ny 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 surprised me with this one. not usually a smokey kinda brew gu... smoked vanilla imperial porter 
 i smell weed in scott  whos the ballsy motherfucker 
 dr you smoke  im a second hand marijuana smoker
 i ran out of weed the day i got an ear infection. rip
 can somebody scoop me so we can smoke some weed
 @realdonaldtrump legalization of marijuana if you could tax it federally at 5 could bring in billions a year to help pay debit or whatever
 caesar salad  mushroom risotto and smoked steak strips.  dinnerfortwo foodporn @ colorado 
 imagine being nominated for an oscar 21x and finally winning one. holy smokes  what a moment oscars
 i really liked hiddenfigures but not having people smoke um  nasa was a giant ashtray back then it was just weird.
 sting singing well  thats a smoke break. oscars
 yo man pull up and blow a 1.7 with you  baby i smoke out the ounce 
 trump going after harmless weed smokers come on trump  get real.
 sheesh salma is still a smoke show.
 im four vodka spritzers  two helpings of lasagna  countless munchies and no weed down. will this end soon oscars
 smoke a little weed but her shit together 
 i cant smoke backwoods bi... lmao damn aight
  stop smoking weed in the deer stand you brotard. ready to go shoot some yotes tomorrow
 i cant sleep if i dont smoke
 he aint want no smoke 
 so funny when bitches try to start shit over weed lol get ya petty ass outta here  
 the fact that i used to smoke cigs makes me wanna puke
 whats sleep when your neighbor and her man argues all night over her not buying him weed. 
 dont stop believing plays kid in my class is that smoke on the water  me.z you need to leave.
 blackincannabis bc backincannabis    hueplatform    on the set of weed works by hue 
 by these three was the third part of men killed  by the fire  and by the smoke amp by the brimstone  which issued out 
 you new niggas make me sick. how you playing in the league and selling weed in the offseason 
 last day watching @fox5vegas they slam marijuana every chance they get and there is no real news i tried because i like gay jason and mike
 another glorious monday morning to consumed by the giant smoke cloud that is richmond va 
 he smoked him  
 cali got good weed  but these gars they got ass af 
 roll up my weed... 
 @meckparkrec with a prescribed burn today at latta plantation  beginning at noon. expect smoke in area. noemergency 
 this guy says a smoke detector made the difference last night in burke co. he lost everything except his life.. 
 lmao did @shannonsharpe just call for snoop to throw him some weed on national tv .
 takes me more time to split the blunt and break down the weed than it does to roll it up lol 
 @lbell26 go smoke another joint dink weed.
 like i said  if any bitch want smoke with me call ya brother  ya daddy  or ya boyfriend.
 if you get caught with weed in ann arbor you only have to pay a 25 fine and thats it omg
 pemberton  nj dwelling fire 211 palm ave. chief 1800 on scene with smoke showing from the roof. first due leading off with a 1.75 line.
 @russelled cannot stop  ill see you july 15th at windy city smokeout cannot wait 
 check out our pre roll selection we just got in the new lowell smokes  10 joints 6 grams
 @aubieiicious also  alex jones smokes weed during the podcast
 damn you smoke too you need to put your number in my phone. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1803 mchenry street baltimore  send message. 
 im trying to smokeeeeeeee already dammmmmmmm
 chef robinson is serving smoked bbq chitterlings warugula amp cabbage slaw at taste of black charleston friday tix@ 
 need a smoke.
 me im gonna quit smoking weed. my addiction 
 @stayyg0lden yeah i want too then i wanna smoke even tho i shouldnt 
 our smoked beef short rib from sunday nights @chswineandfood toasted barbecue finale party. we 
 tacos  weed  henny  you cant beat it. tomorrow night we turning up  hit me for details or just pull up 
 our coats both smell like smoke  whiskey and wine as we fill up our lungs with the cold air of the night
 lol enjoy my cover photo of my mom and dad smoking a joint. the apple doesnt fall far from the tree. quit treating weed like its evil
 imma go smoke a blunt now 
 someone  anyone  lets smoke
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation 
 if you hang out with 9 stupid people then youre probably the 10th.  unknown. be cautious of the influence and weeds around you.
 stop making compromises. smoking weed is never ok. abusing alcohol is never ok. premarital relations are not ok. submit to god.
 @buddyhead weed
 people really really really try to get me to smoke  they dont kno what i dont smoke mean
 oh is it cool to smoke weed at the bus stops in chicago now wasnt sure  but now i understand.  can you not. gross. itsarespectissue
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i hate the weed they try and sell me out here
 who tryna smoke
 where do you go to school camanche oh so you wanna smoke ...... 
 the best smoke weather 
 bill seeks to reschedule marijuana under the csa   
 funny  couldnt cares less what you think  outspoken  and enjoys to smoke with a few others things sprinkled in here 
 @news9 storm tracker marty logan is tracking wildfires in nw ok. check out the layers of smoke in his shot right he 
 @raaaaaaaandy5 ive lived through this  a friend whose weed budget would have covered a cat plan so no er for kidney stones. kids today...
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 the transition to west coast smoker is not the only transition on folie.... we can talk about other ones too  ya know
 the weed heads will be out for wiz khalifa.
 take cannabis off the banned substance list and it will instantly drive down the price of drugs. maga 
 keep the ranch sauce  smoke the blue cheese
 ct public health committee convenes to discuss regionalizing health depts and recreational marijuana. darien 
 im trynna hear smokepurpp perform ski mask live 
 csnt wait to get off and smoke a bleezy
 ppl who dont smoke weed always have some negative shit to say about it. . thats your choice mf..
 idleness is actually literally really good..naturally..and marijuana is good..pleasures good.... 
 when im in la we smoke kush by the pound
 venmo me some cheese. smoked gouda or aged white cheddar.
 the future now virtual reality amp cannabis  @jimmcmahon @shelbychong @startuppro @kittylaroar 
 you dont realize that until you ride with someone who doesnt smoke
 all i do is smoke  sleep  go to class amp do them bs assignments that teachers give and they barely teach ...
 @morganmichelee i told mason to come here and fight me and he didnt he handed me the money and smoked with us so whos scared
 @presssec your boss der trump is blowing smokescreens to hide the truth thst he is in bed with putin trump is a clown you r his patsy
 smoking with weed you cause you taught me too
 confused about what you should say your first time in a marijuana shop we got you coveredhttpst.co7az0t2gwqf 
 happy face dance  smile alot  and smoke weed legalizeit stoner canna  potpocket  freetheweed 
 yo wcw smoke 3 packs of 1882s a day 
 they didnt want no smoke when i stepped in bdubs they seen the rage in my eyes 
 @habsence @djheavyb250 hahahaha  lets wait til the schedule comes out and i weed out all the compulsive gamblers
 relationships are fucking whack they make me wanna smoke some crack @fidlar
 you the cigarette and im the smoker
 i watched a documentary on marijuana. i think all documentaries should be watched this way. jk
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 1000s of maryland residents have criminal records from marijuana. this is why this bill  focuses on rentry.
 just went 62 clean sweep with smoke and sledge smh smg11 op but dont nerf it @rainbow6game
 denmark vessey  dont smoke k2 @ wicker park  chicago 
 @notsoagrande do yourself a favor and please block me before i smoke your dumb ass
 @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @whitehouse @harvard they own the weed shop long beach ilwaco dea arrest them lots of people hack from it
 my partnas having a smoke session byow blinn18 blinn17
 so what do you do if you dont smoke and party  me study and not text back.. bye.
 cant even smoke away my problems 
 houstons oneofakind 52 mile long smokestack city  including the quaint residential 
 aint nothing worst then finding a beautiful girl just to find out she dont smoke 
 i didnt smoke a black all day.
 i dont even smoke weed since high school when i loved it. but this isnt about what i like. its about these backwards laws and fairness
 @coasttocoastam my sister ate weeds  roots etc. no meat except for chicjens etc.
 @time even hemp as cash crop would be great compliment to their medical program 
 dead asf swear a tumble weed could just float bye. 
 trying so hard not to smoke before this interview 
 miss your smokey eyes 
 and why is @cnn @foxnews ignoring vault7 smoke and mirrors  all healthcare talk...
 where da weed at
 savory bavarian pretzel french toast with ham  smoked mozzarella  fried egg  arugula n 
 @viceland can we smoke in the bus tho 
 sharon lia  that person told me im rude cause their tight wiith money well ill smoke her with ease money fame dont make you a singer practi
 she brought weed off me just to try to smoke me up
 i just want a friend to smoke a cig w rn
 yall got specific songs or artists yall roll or smoke to  mine is kodak 910
 salmon crab fish eggs sea weed cucumbers  shrimp  and rice. gains
 seeking reefer cdla recent grads in florida paid training  99 no touch freight miami  jobsearch hiring
 i want to smoke but not alone... the struggle
 @prisonplanet are all democrats corrupt ex vp nominee tim kaines son is arrested for throwing a smoke bomb in a go 
 they really smoking weed up in the station like its legal
 i wasnt going to get out the bed just to go down stairs because someone let smoke get to the fire sensor.
 @tmalone620 thats true . if i were a smoker id put the kids in a different room   go out the car   go outside anything thats not around
 i may have to give the rest of my weed away lol  i spend too much on food cus of the munchies
 you can grow like weeds until someone has to use poison to destroy you.. or you can grow like a forest and flourish after time of patience
 my balcony door is ajar and now my room reeks of weed. just like that colorado is a special place. i might be high now.
 @jaylaboo i just seen i be wanting to smoke 
 dont let big marijuana prioritize profits over public safety   drugimpaireddotcom 
 i expected more from smokepurpp smh 
 hitler shouldve smoked some pot because i literally texted 100 people calling them beautiful last night while i was baked af
 man go to sleep you dont even smoke chow  
 no marijuana consumption 
 some guy at our bar left his jacket with his id  cellphone  and copious amount of marijuana lmao. we are now waiting on tpd lmao
 gonna roll your opinions into my blunt and smoke them away w the fucks i dont give 
 i literally just want peace  happiness  good weed  amp someone to invest my time in that reciprocates the same effort back. 2017goals
 n den ash invited me to a smokeout for 420 sooooooo like i can shake my ass 418 and sit on my ass 420 lmaoo
 it sounds weird to me when people call weed pot. it would sound so slanderous when my mom yelled at me for making the house smell like weed.
 wow i have nothing to roll on. waited all day for this l and now i cant even smoke. 
 i wish i had weed or a bowl so i could sleep 
 my roommates really be arguing like fr and beefin  they dont wan no smoke with me tho
 why the fuck does it take 30 minutes to smoke a fucking cigarette why
 blue cheese  good smoke. blue dream  purple drink. blue green.
 for fans of marijuana  loratabs  amp jack daniels. stayrtrippy  
 budd be walking through here smelling like he just walked through a garden of weed 
 gotta smoke a blunt here 
 my plug always asking for a ride somewhere lol nigga give me my weed and get out my car
 @tarantinxo ill come through just to smoke and play video games
 @lovepornever @matchlighta @smokingparadise @sfhotcouple @smokersexy ill smoke a cigarette with u
 you can be addicted to weed dont @ me
 awake still guess ill smoke and k.o.
 bruh i need to smoke
 so did we out smoke them tonight 
 its funny how my brother reacts when i smell like weed.
 i guess ill smoke by myself 
 i aint smoked in about 2 weeks im ready to kill a mf
 i want to fucking smoke
 pot for pets owners treat sick animals with cannabis 
 see our latest columbus  in job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1300 e 36th st  send message. 
 @chillkillcrizz im trying but i dont recall  2013 was filled w a lot of weed smoke.
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation rockford  il
 havent smoked in forever lol
 how do you know how to pose do they tell u i smoke an 8th a night and practice in my mirror
 raid at cannabis culture. store just opened 2 weeks ago. 
 ok honestly smoke break is the best song ever
 inman squares funky amp veggie slice of the day funky  bacon  smoked mozzarella amp pickled red 
 oh and then i wanna smoke a wine or apple flavored black amp mild and then regret the fact that my mouth  hands and clothes smell like tobacco
 i would like for vanessa to come over n smoke with me then we can read amp write poetry together that would be so sweet
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 30 south east avenue baltimore  no trash pickup yet.
