 golden road wolf among weeds doubl... now available on tap.  @goldenroadbrew corkandstogie keywest beer beermenus
 so lets all smoke weed  say fuck satan and get on with life.
 @delanaharvick @kevinharvick uncle smoke is the boss full time now i need a new driver gotta spend my  for new gear any suggestions
 if you fein for weed youre a looser
 my life is falling apart right now and i cant even smoke a j
 holy smokes the new @peteholmes @hbo show looks extremely wonderful and @sarahksilverman is in it yesss 
 hb2209 new creating a program to research the use of industrial hemp. 
 life short smoke a port on a port uh  in new york calculatin like a dork
 1. do you smoke
 i smoked some gas 
 legit cant stand being around my dad bc cigarettes are legit so fucking disgusting and thats all he smokes and smells like 
 probation aint make me wanna do nothing but smoke even worst
 girls use niggas for weed alcohol food shit to do but get mad when they get used for pussy makes sense lmao
 someone smoke me out
 i have weed. 
 on god texas got the best weed only thing i like about this wack ass state.
 when you wish the weed could just roll itself 
 im about to go smoke  get my mind str8
 @dolothebandit weed isnt tainted in the states that its legal. its possible to have control over local crops. 
 food weed drinks food who knows
 i am not a social smoker lol
 i have a 500 000 dollar inheritance and i benefit everytime a million is made off of marijuana stocks
 you gotta wrap the weed 10x to smell it aye
 22 days clean i miss weed
 friendly happy crowd tonight. i dont think i ever had so many strangers offer me free weed  the fillmore  san francisco  ca
 im actually finally tryna study amp i get offered to smoke and invited to 2 parties in the matter of 30 minutes they dont want us to graduate
 mannn i remember when weed used to really fuck me up like i couldnt talk  now i be just laughing and bool
 my mother calls i have no time to talk  but i can find the time to drink and smoke
 @cindienolin1 smokey mountain national park  pigeon forge  gatlinburg townsend  ware valley.....
 you dont drink coke or jack and you dont smoke 
 woke up to some bomb ass weed
 said i was gonna do simple makeup today but here i am one highlight  contour and smokey eye later 
 breaking upper darby police discuss arrests of two high school students for bringing gun  marijuana to school. im 
 @jbabssportschic when you first started open your hood and see if you can see a light smoke coming off of it
 aapl up 5.5  smoke a cigar if have one.   no  im not buying apple over 125. wait for inevitable profit taking.
 i really dont smoke just to smoke. i smoke to keep me from spazzing on everything amp everybody. blowing trees is my remedy. 
 azealia banks selling soaps bitch i rather sell weed for real
 made dairy free weed cookies for my lactose intolerant home girl and they turned out better than the cookies with dairy in them sick night
 punish man who allegedly sprayed baby bird with weed killer 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   bloomington  il
 hey @loudpvck whats a girl have to do to smoke a blunt with you guys before or after webster next friday
 i dont even smoke anymore and im so upset 
 boulder da named to group to advise trump administration on weed policy  seedtosaleshow 
 he tryna get trump smoked 
 so i smoked resi at noon  amp now im cleaning my car amp listening to rupaul 
 cbd has my hair growing like a weed lol lol its says take a weed seed that looks like a mustard seed plant  itmedicine i luv riddles
 do i buy presales for spring knowing theres a good chance porter will be on the lineup  or get audien and ganja tix
 dont smoke a cigarette and come sit next to me in class. shit me disrespectful.
 good flavor  but dry ribs and turkey at blackland smokehouse in roscoe. decent brisket too. 
 stop sending people to jailprison for victimless crimes... aka marijuana... people out here getting 3 months for rape  and 5 years for pot
 wyd after you smoke this 
 @kennywallace you gonna be racing with smoke in florida
 and she smokes her smoke like shes passionately in love
 @foxnews @tuckercarlson @joseiswriting tucker carlson to fox news we are going to need a bigger smoker
 smoked that grumpy weed today
 ayy victor just watched smoke signals again. such a good movie.
 @yfnlucci who want smoke though 
 not a smoker but pretty sure coffee breath is worst than smokers breath 
 someone come smoke with me
 i like smoking weed i like getting high 
 bitch im seeing reindeer out this mf what kinda weed is this
 i swear i go broke just from buying weed and ordering pizza 
 kobe has officially reassured me that only champions smoke weed
 if i dont smoke immediately im going to break stuff.
 me and my man smoke so much
 literally fuck all drugs except weed. fuck your coke  fuck ur xanax  fuck it all.
 on the menu tonight smoked brisket  spiced carrot puree  charred leeks. ubdinner @ underbelly 
 @cxffeinepxpi disclaimer i dont smoke blunts its just hard ass bar
 its confirmed i smoke too much so edibles dont work for me  not even from your fav dealer fr that sucks
 does smoking weed and studying the bible go together
 @meltingfeg pussy ass nigga send link after ten  niggas do not want smoke i promise you
 @kdeezy13 when do you not want to smoke
 me stop stressing me out while i smoke damn mom your always smoking when i try to talk to you about life me exactly so chill brah
 i smoke my weed   look cute asf daily   and mind my business . fuck all the extra shit
 even though some mornings i wake up dead inside  i still own two fursuits and weed is now technically legal in ca. thats something.
 @joedolby1 @cornfrmr @joshschick3 @jrwomack @precisionplant trials i have seen exactemerge smokes vdrive speed tube or whatever name is
 we need to sneak some weed to donald trump  maybe a glass of whiskey a massage can we fly a top chef to him so he can  chill out please
 about to roll me a nice ass fat ass blunt  smoke and go my ass to sleep soon ..
 @crybabydani you got caught with weed at school lol.
 i need some weed
 do i smoke more weed or just cry in bed
 i cant wait to have part 2s w all of our first 30guests on @likeitornot  random drunk powerful smoked out thought butter up the bread.
 i think @kerrijay just need a lil smoke session to take her mind off of things 
 @dreadloc400 danggg i hope only weed 
 chill out   smoke a blunt and figure that shit out ....
 im gonna go smoke
 they say niggaz smoke sum weed get a gun and forget they a bitch lol
 dammmmit briana fell asleep and i left my weed at her house 
 gonna smoke some weed and eat a piece of bday cake and go to bed  lot of shit to do tomorrowtoday man shit you wouldnt understand
 people stay posting about their weed n blunts like anybody gives a fuck..........
  what i smoke 
 to all the cum boys out there that was me. i smoked too much and yelled at adam about rommel and got owned. 
 im the most concerned weedhead i even went to protest at jfk high so @frankoceansmom eat a dick
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 if you smoke bath salts this happens sort of speak 
 my poop this morning smelled like weed
 @zpt2 low key hate him and stephen a.  the only part i like about stephen a. is when he says stay off the weed 
 im tired of all this health bullshit if i wanna smoke im going to
 anybody know any marijuana dealers in los angeles
 starting this 25th year off the right way w a smoked salmon frittata  
 @ellesesharp been there done that. wanna move to weed with me tho cuz id be down
 about to stop smoking weed 
 right after he walkin over to that gazebo overlooking the palisades and smoke a fat blunt @spencrgoodman 
 wish i had a mountain of weed right about now to slowly just relax me
 anybody wanna hit a smoke ride and get lunch
 professor just asked what amendment should be put in affect in the usa. i said legalize weed. kid after class just asked if i sold bud nice
 i hate people so much...  you find a way to buy weed but dont have a stable place to live. priorities my friend 
 i jussssss wanna smoke and work outttttttt.
 lots of cops and media outside cannabis culture in vancouver. people milling about. 1 person cuffed
 even though we are in the smokey mountains  the mountains sure are blue. 
 @justinkanew @louisemensch @khanoisseur @20committee @andreachalupa @funder ..too much smoke   too much truth for fox shep is gone soon
 havent smoked since i got here.
 omg weed get delivered off an app .... thats it im moving
 i just wanna smoke weed amp teach the children
 cant say im back smoking weed. but i did take a couple hits this week 
 @itskaywaa its only lit when youre a middle school kid sneaking off to the woods behind bampg to smoke reggie lmao
 soon as my  weed get here imma  have me a drink
 id slap the fuck outta ha ass. that perfectly good ass weed going to waste 
 someone have some reefer like 
 sacramento is the city of trees for a reason. lotta lotta dope smoke
 i wanna smoke
 i had to take a surprise drug test this morning and i smoked like 7 bowls yesterday 
 ima sleep in some more then hit the weed man
 if you want to go and get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benze  oh why must i feel this way 
 @uglyshep @turtluchiano oh trust me  he prolly smoked the best bud he ever smoked in his life tonight and it was lite work 
 incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17s  hempstead avenue 
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17s  hempstead avenue
 all my hoodies smell like weed 
 shrimp po boy smoked n fried shrimp  lettuce  tomato  house remoulade on toasted hoagie friday lentoptions 
 yeah im bof. yeah i had a drank yeah i smoke
 accident cleared in baldwin on the southern st pkwy eb approaching eagle ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 4 mins
 colorado marijuana sales holding steady with 109 million in january 2017  
 my heart is black from all the blunt smoke 
 im not sorry that i could sit  play video games and smoke with my family all day like i used to 
 where the good smoke at in the bahamas asking for a friend
 should sb236 pass  nevada would join only the city of denver in allowing for social marijuana use 
 im 60. not only should there be more cost to elderly who consume more healthcare but also for smokers  diabetics  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 108 south poppleton street baltimore  send me 
 someone smoke with me today 
 if you dont smoke thats cool  i wont peer pressure you  but stfu when i decide to smoke.
 good weed amp good vibes 
 democrats should let trumpcare happened. a way to weed out the herd. raise americas i.q. points. 
 how silicon valley is becoming the wild west of weed  via @svbizjournal
 he is coauthor with @meadowsandmore of a new book  scraps  wilt amp weeds turning wasted food into plenty  about reusing scraps of food.
 @nopotnoway sen. sessions good people dont smoke marijuana  trumpsavesberdoo sanbernardino reversethecolememo
 decisions decisions. whats a girl to do cheese amp meat board smoked gouda  humboldt fog  st. 
 i think for 420 this year ima smoke till my hand cant lift the blunt then buy some one hitters
 this thing with djt is significant and might help pull spx out of the weeds.
 found two cds that my friend made me last year... i deprived myself of great underground music... holy smokes.
 just seen some lady walking into the smoke shop talking to birds lol
 thru all my ups and downs i love weed my nigga
 you like older men  sucking dick  smoking weed  and drinking beer we get it  
 goodfinally weeding them all out @usagsessions keep up the great work @realdonaldtrump @judgejeanine 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 810 brooks lane baltimore 
 when you thought had more weed left  but you dont 
 niggas fav pick up line you smoke amp you bitches fall for it every time lmao
 grace what is your screen saver is that a marijuana leaf  why would i do that   you surprise me sometimes 
 easter ham time go to  to order. 810 pound spiral sliced smoked ham for only 40 all proc 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation frontroyal  va
 what are cannabis topicals and how do they work | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 easter ham time go to  810 pound spiral sliced smoked ham  40 all proceeds benefit jccac. order by 412 yummy
 ride in my ride w the top down  smoke weed w my niggaz
 fuck you cant take me no where   how i woke up with a 5th of heem and a 8th of weed shit the world may never know 
 dude smoke crack for real for asking that much 
 yuck  smoke a fatty and drink some tea 
 see our latest lawrence  ks job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 toronto trends now emery  toyota camry  cannabis culture  march break  pearson. 
 change out your smoke alarm batteries with the time change this weekend  @clarkcountyfd 
 638 sw bayshore blvd | ladies free til 1030 | springbreak2017 @ up in smoke hookah lounge 
 legalized marijuana a brave new world for marketing. california 
 listen you can judge marijuana use all u want but if u deal with anxiety depression stress or the sorts i promise it would improve ur life
 i found weed in my dogs hairs 
 girls 6a end of 1st north allegheny leads hempfield 115 @pgvarsityxtra @msasports @jeffreinhart77 wpial piaa
 anyone in mount p wanna smoke or am i the only one here lmao
 bitches wanna smoke dont put in on this... getchooooo bigggg backkk asss onnnn
 crazy how the first time i ever held weed was when i was 12 in the 7th grade smh
 in 1973 richard nixon began the war on drugs because he did not believe his marijuana commission. the biggest mistake of his checkered term.
 @zatheprincesss @ashleybido07 i dont smoke weed at all but it was a funny tweet  so like it and keep scrolling
 about to smoke a bling to myself
 @racetrac it is one thing when a customer smokes in front of the door but it is another when its an employee. stor 
 quita sex was lit but it wasnt the fact of the sex i could actually chill and kick it with her. even tho she smokes weed like a rookie
 going to get weed soon as i leave
 people who smell like any kind of smoke gross me out tbh 
 @goblue4evr @thesportsjim i need a smoker badddd
 it always smells like weed in arenas.
 ive seen niggas chose weed over food
 i laughed with her smoked gas with her
 dont give me no bammer weed
 im ready to smoke.
 popular in collingwood  @thesmokeeatery opened recently in vaughan offering its famous smoked meats foodie 
 sit back amp smoke ya life away
 ok so god is def playing jokes on me and @gmalmo whenever either one of us smokes the radio is playing bad and boujee and its awful.
 i just wanna smoke rn
 all i wanna do is forget about my past amp maybe smoke a little weed  really nothin too drastic
 the only thought going through my head right now is......................................pussy pussy pussy marijuana
 left here wo weed or love 
 i juss wanna smoke and watch some netlfix
 so i love walking down town denver and seeing people casually smoking weed
 who trynna shmokitty smoke shmoke at my house
 sour patch kids with weed should be called sour patch adults.
 literally have the dopest sever at perkins like shes old af encouraging as to smoke as we wait and says what we ordered was her fave
 its so funny because i dont drink and she dont smoke. 
 not tired but i have weed at home to look forward too
 abt to smoke
 lucas just did us all a really nice favor by setting the smoke alarms off throughout the entire house at 300 am..twice
 see our latest helenawesthelena  ar job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 99.99999999999999999 sure i smell like weed
 i picked lil mama up and put some weed in the air now im smashing from the back and pulling weave out her hair
 recommendation more marijuana 
 made it to 26 with no kids no record and plenty of weed to roll up 
 i miss the times when my friends and i would smoke butthole together.
 ashley smoke a ounce of k2 a day
 i hate a nigga thats always tryna free smoke
 tryna smoke some and hit the mall 
 @ghennigan barely hanging on. i sound like i smoked three packs last night.
 man i aint smoke in forever
 i smoke so much the ashes starting 2 burn on me
 see our latest munster  in job and click to apply reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians
 no way you can convince me that weed is more dangerous than alcohol
 it sucks when u rly wanna smoke w someone but actually only have 3 ppl u hang w and theyre all asleep or doing something
 what a great day to smoke one then take a mean ass nap.
 always heavy weeded
 i want a lil baby who gone just lay back  smoke a blunt  let me rub his back  and tell me about his day...
 whatever. guess ill go cook amp smoke amp pretend im okay some more.
 canada  germany eye cannabis alliance what about us 
 need some smoke out here
 @lovelylahela @mu5ah you blow smoke through it so the smell isnt as potent
 if its not the funny stuff you cant smoke it in here laurens dad
 people of baltimore who wants to deliver me weed i have bills  green tea  and my hugs come thru
 someone asked me how high i was and i said 510.  this weed got me elevated. 
 i love girls who smoke lmao
 tgirvine smoked ribs.balsamic glaze.roasted lemon oregano potato salad.creamy apple fennel slaw 
 i just need a girl who cool as shit that i can smoke with  eat her pussy 258 and buy her food 
 davaunta thomas oh my. tomahawk slam over and thru ben clare and 1. holy smokes.
 i need to smoke 
 i just want to smoke amp sip champagne tonight 
 lets be blunt  how do you respond when bae says she needs to smoke before her trip  
 glad i broke my terrible habit of biting my nails. now whenever i feel like biting my nails i smoke 3 cigarettes instead.
 daylight saving time is here make sure you check your smoke detectors and ensure theyre working. they may save yo 
 if you smoke cigarettes i just automatically think u dgaf bout urself
 like if i find out someone i know smokes cigs  i look at them a lot differently
 nawwww we didnt smoke player livepd 
 another hempfield turnover  @trealwilliams hits 2 fts and its 5453  110 left.
 ima smoke till i croke
 miller is getting smoked tonite wbc2017 usa 
 4 rivers smokehouse opening in atlantas westside 
 im so happy for the smoke man yall deserved this   409
 ya mcm smokes shows
 there are at least 5 niggas at a time on my snapchat smoking weed in the same spot making the same stories with the same music. get a life.
 @davepasch be careful on the mic there. sounds like @billwalton didnt smoke the mellow stuff tonight  sounds all agitated and cranky
 the use of smoke break in the first episode of @love season 2 
 so i guess iiiiii smoke 
 first time ive ever witnessed someone having a bad experience the first time they smoked. maybe it was bc he smoked top shelf indica
 vitor belfort just got smoked in the 1st round.
 unlikelymagic8ballanswers reply hazy need more weed try again 
 been 2 months since ive smoked weed
 i love her like pussy  money  weed
 i dont wanna hang out with you after i smoke your blunt
 knowledge @ st smoke shop 
 these bitches talking girl talk all night man lets get it poppin got my favorite weed 415 cookies which are the best cookies and lean
 a gym selfie showing off your booty will definitely help weed out who the real fuckboys are in your social media...
 now that its spring break  whose trying to smoke and watch the sunrise with me 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 keep in mind  all cannabis consumption is medical. when has someone consumed and killed someone never. medicated cannabis
 @whysharksmatter @joeymaier @sharkadvocates @oceandevotion84 @savingseafood @harborfish @mojoshark the smoked haddo 
 @collinskevs @ogetoalex love walking but cant do so in nbo without choking frm vehicle smoke emissions amp dust. saveourpeople
 my roommates smoke so much weed and i hate it 
 its a whole bottle of crown in my back seat. and weed is literally everywhere.
 i had a dream that my bf got caught with weed in his car amp in my dream  i told them it was mine amp not his .... tf type of dream was i having
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 idk what tf kind of weed fred been smoking but its been making him get out his body. he better catch a grip
 my whole dream was literally just me smoking weed the entire time  and i didnt even get high. wasteful dreams.
  @ smoke weed 
 shopping is my true drug no marijuana  
 my car went from smelling like weed to smelling like a fairys asshole
 sunday kind of brunch at  smoked corn beef hash  poached eggs and fermented chilis  
 pussy money weed rarr rarr  moonchild wolfie @wolfroldan
 there has been multiple smoke detector low battery beeps going on next door for the past hour. they almost synced up too. beepbeepbeep fml
 i smell like dank weed  dope
 gets 110 discount at smoke shop
 the one day my moms fuckin gone and i have no weed 
 music and weed makes sunday great cold than a witchs tit outside 
 wow  @markmcmillian29 ur man jaw jordan just smoked everyone at the theopening in 6man 40y dash.
 niggas have me fucked up when they try to short me on my weed. ion play that shit
 family night 12.3.17 green salad  smoked hill country wings with chimichurri  brisketpulled 
 @steve27kane comparing the fight for ending racial segregation to marijuana access issues lacks sensitivity and common fucking sense.
 looks like a bowling ball  rt @trapgrampa 3 000 grams of pure cannabis oil   
 mike brown didnt commit robbery.  but he was black amp had weed.  and in the us   harassment  jail  death   
 just want to slap some reggae and smoke some blunts before i have work at 7
 it takes me literally a whole week to finish one blunt i dont smoke like i use too
 okay bye twitter  shower smoke   n cook 
 as the marijuana burn we can take our turn singin them dirty rap songs
 ill smoke my nigga out with question though 
 @beez @jeffy8878 @txracegirl48 @gypology @henzmark her dentist smokes..
 my weed dispensary texts me their special deals everyday and that makes me really happy tbh.
 she smokin weed amp playin kodak
 if all you wanna do is smoke weed amp pop pills i can not deal with you  i want no parts of that...especially when you spend your last on it
 @jeffgluck joey couldnt get out of the pile fast enough.  something else smoke amp kyle can agree on. joey runs when hes confronted.
 i dont want any of you niggas lets just get that clear . i just like to smoke yall weed and talk shit 
 should i buy edibles i love weed i love drugs. scam sephora 
 i just smoked a bike and drank a beer and th my tattoo artist. before he tattooed me. byeeee
 mywillclearlystates i must be cremated  mixed in with my stash  and smoked by everyone at my funeral 
 lmao im dead my friend is all of a sudden smoking weed  wearing thrasher amp riding penny boards just for the aesthetic of thrasher 
 i need to smoke with @brendonurie before i die
 kush smoken car riding.
 i would love to open my doors and windows and enjoy the weather amp fresh air but my neighbors run out to smoke every time i open the door
 incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 39 i90  state fair i690 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 
 @asvpmagid the weed keeping me alive rn lol.
 about to smoke my last blee for a while  maybe until my birthday then stop again 
 this has been a test of the old school skills nettworx... ceasefire smoke em if you got em... 
 i aint smoke in like a week
 tiogawoods dr engine 50 reporting source of smoke is a woodburning stove inside the building. balance of assignment released.
 i just smoked a blunt wit yo boyfriend 
 some weed. 
 wish tasia was up so we could smoke the blunt
 never smoked in my life. but drank hmm if u count a shot i took then 5 days ago  
 me how much did u smoke jesse giggles yes
 never lose the forest even when youre in the weeds
 the weed hittin chief 
 @madelson is this you saying you wanna grown weed in our apartment
 ahca covers herbs.  does that mean medical marijuana 
 glad i gave up the weed now im shitting on you niggas lol
 i dont drink or smoke  now food shiiit bout a thousand lol 
 you skip school and spend all your money to smoke weed 
 got up early. smoke alarm chirping and with the windows open all afternoon  the heater was 
 @alexmcclame white smoke  best quote ever
 buds and roses  pets and cannabis on @cbsthismorning  @ buds and roses 
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 a painting with your meds an art gallery pops up inside a cannabis dispensary 
 idek how many blunts i smoked man 
 look like we gon have to make weed brownies another time lil nigga
 old people get bread and milk im over here trying to make sure ill have enough weed to get snowed in
 so me n my cousin kept smelling weed at work n i smelled myself just in case but nothin then i remember i hid a joint in my shoe last night
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 i just wanna smoke my bowl while i do my makeuppp 
 gross. the @jimmyjohns driver in cape girardeau  mo  smokes while speeding in his truck with political signs to deliver sandwiches.
 u gone need a smoker  
 tryna find some weed out here in san marcos wassam
 id be so bored without weed in my life
 jerseycitylawyer so you who wants to invest in a cannabis business  @jdsupra 
 i smoked cinderella 99 and time slowed down 900
 i hear they grow good ganja in hispaniola 
 i can still remember how the weed smelt. thats why im not wearin my seatbelt
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 711 w 40th st 
 can u smoke weed out of a weed leaf 
 im having this problem where i cant find anyone to get me weed again
 i wish i had friends who didnt feel the need to smoke before we go anywhere lol.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1109 north kenwood avenue baltimore  send mes 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5602 wexford rd  send message.
 i smoke to much ill be lucky to catch a buzz off a blunt
 doctor do you smoke marijuana  me no  doctor so you dont do that skunky
 if you gon talk over the music the whole time we smoke stay df home
 i need weed
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 why do people smoke cigarettes 
 look what birdy brought us.. limited supply for all you ganja lovers @ rigs 4 us 
 if you think possession of marijuana represents a threat to public safety  you are either an idiot or a liar.
 foh. wapost. youre a conservative paper whos against weed legalization but yall know the government doesnt sell 
 this album is slept on to me  probably because it look scary asf but that smoke aint there for no reason  album 
 buying weed is so easy in santa cruz lol.
 blizzard essentials weed  wine amp water
 i need to smoke a blunt before im locked in my house for this storm
 cant wait to get home and smoke a much much needed blonte to the face
 i was in boulder last summer. i had to smoke cigarettes in back alleys like a criminal  
 buds of the flowering plant are when cannaboid thccbt concentration is strongest. this govt weed is undernourished and harvested wrong
 im at cannabis farmers market in tacoma  wa  
 breaking multiple agencies responding to fire in oldsmar.  heavy smoke.  waiting for more info. 
 smoke weed w another bitch. 
 @peteh6570 @justineannsand we smoke with impunity in gotham.
 how many weight watchers points are these weed gummy worms girlshbo
 wheniaminbedalone i smoke a blunt
 this guy in nyc was dressed like a marijuana leaf and had a sign that said legalize. truly iconic.
 kids are like spiders  you have to let them grow but you gotta pick out the weeds my uncle
 krispy kreme and weed  
 at the end of my shift and im complaining to my manager about how i cant wait to smoke weed because i have cramps
 watch them take an l while you smoke an l 
 fresh cut grass you might smoke a lady bug. 
 @dontbitemtongue @seanhannity @saracarterdc big corps are huge amp control all of this. weed will eventually win.
 it smells like weed in my room... and i havent been smoking. so confused.
 i rather not smoke if i have to buy 5 dutches god is helping my addiction.
 i just realized i can no longer use the excuse at least im not smoking weed or something bc ive been caught up haha
 come smoke... thats an invite
 tryna smoke with @raesremmurd and get lit to swang tbh
 ive never smoked weed  been drunk  snuck out  or skipped school. copy amp paste this as your status whoever likes it 
 @ texas  please legalize marijuana. i would like to sleep without taking pills that cause me to attempt to hurtkill myself in my sleep. 
 i need a cigarette so do i put pants on and go smoke one or nah
 my sex better than weed mixed with molly girl 
 waiting on 630 so i can smoke and take my ass to bed
 i like the shit but me and jim had just smoked a blunt. that shit wasnt hitting the spot 
 i been looking for weed since moses got his million dollar idea like what the fuck. 
 @mlgalta1r literally never said there was. i love marijuana and i love coffee. i just dont need either but trust me. imma stoner 
 he laced my weed cause i cheated on him im screaming
 want to smoke cigs eat crap food and play load music that makes ppl uncomfortable but am a different kind of misfit today
 me and miranda vs ian titus smokers alley 330
 @lebatardshow love it  so easy to get weed
 when u cute so yo weed man throw a extra lil gram 
 @votehemp attached resolution is the first in michigan  which lead to passage of hemp law. i alone spent 3 years to convince county to pass
 cant even smoke my blunt its cold as a mf outside
 these two  steak  jimmy zs  weed  and movies all day  and more food prolly 
 us govt smokes mids. 
 wicked weed garson and ba el paraiso. 
 remember to always start your morning with a bowl of weedies  a part of everyones nutritional breakfast
 @ursirennyxx yes i do goddess. i didnt look at the pic closeup. my bad. from far away it looked like weed.
 march madness menu starts today. house smoked nyc pastrami amp handcrafted tots. marchmadness badgers 
 im tryna go to the smokers club and the next day cannabis cup
 got my weed  but still no dutch..
 wow my buds go to other weedmen when they could just come to me  bet
 biiiiiih. you busy fkn wit hoes amp lil girls. smoke you better get you a grown woman with  kids 
 your mcm smokes government weed 
 taking about 3 of them to smoke 
 i hate how i feel nasty when i dont smoke
 ones that will come to my house and smoke with me all day and watch z nation ... thats not much to ask
 see me at a show... i might point you out and talk to you about smoking weed  love  life  
 already have. and as usual she throws smoke over the plate and dares you to try and hit it. 
 my mom said i smell like smoke
 i dont even smoke. 
 nah wtf is this. lol what government has weed like this the soviet union 
 if one horse town by blackberry smoke doesnt define floydada perfectly  idk what does. gotta love this place though
 instead of saying marijuana my mom says mariana yo i am crying
 if u still pick up on 10 sacks amp dubs kys. what u gonna smoke...a blunt jus 1.
 the first time i smoked was out of a potato 
 got a wisdom tooth pulled today and all i wanna do is smokeeeee and i cant 
 i like to smoke weed and do math. i said math
 i really only know one dominican parent who smokes bud forreal. lmao
 @jwav0 im bout to smoke this blizzy to keep from pulling up amp shooting up your whole house
 im at smoke daddy  @thesmokedaddy in chicago  il 
 you should try weed. it helps you relax amp not stress
 lmao good thing me and anna hide emergency weed in my room  i found some and im rolling up 
 theres nothing but weed at this festival
 it took me a whole week to find hookah supply in miami. somebody explain to me why haitians dont smoke hookah 
 sit in the whip and just clear my mind. good weed on deck
 might smoke a blunt or 2
 cant wait to get these lil niggas out of my house so i can smoke in here again
 aint smoke all day fr this a first
 in front of my house isnt the smoke spot for the whole community
 there goes the whole floor outside to smoke again.
 i just got told i smoke to much ... i really gotta chill
 so anybody wanna b my friend and smoke hookah
 shower after this weed
 tell me why this nigga underestimated me amp got shamed af when i smoked him 
 everytime my family from state college come down here i know the weed gonna be around forsure 
 the lost boys starring reefer sutherland. drugmovies @midnight
 hunter fell into a weed coma in the closet and i dont know when to wake him up  its been an hour at least lol
 when hes 64 but you find out he smokes
 @midnight weedful things drugmovies
 today the first since i quit smoking ive been feeling like i gotta smoke smh
 old drake smoke and vibe 
 @clarkfurbush great thats very reasonable of u. stop believing that everyone is blowing smoke up your ass. realize theres a possibility
 bro i stg i can be any where and a nigga ask me if i know where the smoke at .
 i cant wait to get home to my weed ..
 good weed  white wine  i reminisce in the night time.
 hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 somebody come get in the jacuzzi and smoke a wood wit me 
 got republished by @thrillist  todaywasagoodday   the secret pleasures of weed and chopsticks @thrillist 
 high as fuck off the weed smoke. laughing  counting all this money. look at all these zeroes
 just want someone who gon cuddle me n smoke a blunt n all of dat
 @cookieespeakinq nobody with the good weed.
 why cant the world just bring a shitload of weed  booze and pizza or your regional cuisine treat of choice and have a party no bullshit
 after work out smoke seshs are clutch af
 nah i am just fucken high off weed 
 @robreiner the more the smoke the more the ridiculousness from potus all week talking about wire tap burying real news in bullshit 
 there was the smallest nug of weed left in my pipe after not being here for 3 months and i feel like that was a direct blessing from god
 a video of how to make a smoked herring eggs is coming soon @foodnetwork @foodandwine @texasfood @bwphaiti 
 if someone ever served me up what the government is using to test marijuana id call the cops on them
 why is this nigga tryna smoke a cigarette in the airport 
 its so annoying that d cant smoke with me
 exactly. providing a smokescreen to cloak real problems. 
 lmao i got tired at tchami and left to go smoke hookah and get tea....who am i
 bands who cant afford a smoke machine should hire my wife to cook at their concert. imkidding imdead prayforme joking
 glorious morning air disrupted by disgusting cigarette smoke as @starbucks barista sits across from me amp lights up. cancerkills
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 yall ever hit a lick me and my boy got bags of marijuana from this kid and we bout beat shit out of em and his brother. i gotta repent.
 if jeffrey beauregard sessions was as concerned with solving a real scourge like crystal meth as he is with weed  we might get somewhere.
 need new people to smoke with
 cooler full of weed donated to goodwill 
 @dailycontessa @bethreinhard i cant think of one person that over dosed on weed
 dont smoke to get high  dont smoke to get by  smoke cause you want to.
 can someone deliver me weed
 @djgridusa inbox for a free copy of this song when the smoke clears  money new track on soundcloud now 
 @damebbc inbox for a free copy of this song when the smoke clears  money new track on soundcloud now 
 i smoke so much the ashes starting to burn on me
 need a smoke buddy who always down to smoke i face too much wanna share
 @illuminaiae its bad because this just makes me want to move to a state where weed is legal sooner..
 if you wanna get high with me and smoke an l in the back of the benzie
 @twatsherface @kingtut95 now now now there is no such thing as too much weed  i think we can agree on that blunts are just a diff story
 lungs look healthy atleast hes not a smoker. 
 can you recommend anyone for this job reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 lemme go get this weed and keep my ass outta trouble
 i need to smoke...like yesterday
 hmu got 2 strains if some medical kush this kush is amazing yall gotta smoke some hmu 
 @rvawonk @wonkette  its like smelling the bs thru the drumpfster fire smoke.
 @jasonmillerindc @hale4jesus @washingtonpost i support sessions wholeheartedly he needs to do some research on medical marijuana it works
 today is kick butts day it takes many smokers several tries to quit but its so worth it. in nh go to 
 i have to bake 2 pies for this weekend. host a dampd game for 7. mow the back yard and weed the front. hopefully draw some this weekend.
 no weed tho i gotta stay clean ok zooted
 padron always makes a solid smoke and this 1926 natural no. 6 is no exception. 
 the one exception is the @realdonaldtrump supporter who purposely blew smoke in my photographers face.  really
 friggin smoke screen ss watch list my ass high profile wannabe thug w  plus black fuckin joke id already b 
 sum1 come over and smoke n cook dinner with me
 more meetings about lansings proposed commercial medical marijuana ordinance coming. progress being made. story to come @lsjnews in a.m.
 @marysadler19 @rollingstone really  @usagsessions  you clearly know nothing about marijuana.  the benefits serve our sick. drop the minutiae
 my sister pointed out that smoker has a hole in his butt but...theres nothing to put there
 @salon the just say no campaign doesnt work and going after weed is just stupid.
 not your traditional smoked filled room precinct 6 caucus at the moose lodge. 
 on marijuana amp opioids  sessions is not only ignorant but very comfortable in his own ignorance  cc @matthewferner
 @tbcjay the left thinks of weed like the right thinks of gunsa small amount of problems from people using it wrong lt a civil liberty.
 @missmanners62 @fakenewsur @harry1t6 @cernovich @smoss @realdonaldtrump the weed got that last brain cell huh libtard
 just bc your around ppl who vape or smoke doesnt make you look cool or seem cool please stop.
 work and weed be having my ass slumped man 
 whats worst smoking weed or drink alcohol   quote it and tell me what yall think 
 i wanna smoke  but its too cold to be smoking outside nshit
 huh  these drugs fell from a ruined spacecraft  better smoke the shit out of themmy rimworld colonist before winding up going bonkers
 fuck people that used to chill with me when i smoked  i guess when i dont benefit in the blunt  im not worth while...
 and ion even smoke  and i need that mf 
 waaab all my managers smoke so hit da blunt bro. 
 you would think dave started a campfire downstairs considering the whole house smells like smoke.
 @cthagod bj said he dont like black porn cause he dont wanna see girls fuck the weed man for half a gram more  
 i could really go for a smoke session rn
 i love marijuana more than i love the average human.
 haha hey i smoke weed throw attention at me
 no one ever died from marijuana naturalherbbs 
 eric hosmer absolutely smoked that ball  usa up 42
 calling marijuana only slightly less awful than heroin is objectively wrong and a huge disservice to the many benefits of the plant.
 maybe he got confused and meant the trump administration instead of marijuana. 
 till he smoke yo ass 
 always down to smoke
 netflix and smoke
 omgosh the last time i seen thejacket i was high af   that was long time ago  when i used to smoke ha
 i wonder if the weed man up 
 i use to smoke grams a day. way before you niggas knew what loud was
 im so sorry to hear of the arthritis but good on you for supporting researchsir patstew uses marijuana every day 
 i want one sooo bad its the future of weed 
 @kimdotcom yes. prince bandar used to bring cuban cigars so he and bush could smoke together when he was ambassador to washington d.c.
 i didnt make it to the liquor store in time for a soda  nor do i have any weed to smoke. sus.
 at 619am were talking with operation save a life about how to get free smoke alarms installed in your home 
 just passed a sign for legal weed. i can dig it. not so much the 199 office visit though.
 f150 llumar metalized atr 15 tint front doors to match factory smoked rear windows.  60 with tax. lifetime natio 
 hmu if you need that medical kush for that wake and bake. i smoked and feel great. now time to get ready for the day. blessed for everyday..
 sea weed 
 bill to legalize marijuana introduced in west virginia  via @nbc4i legalize marijuana in wv its a herb
 isaac hempstead wright bran does a fashion spread for gq style  and discusses the end of gameofthrones. 
 conservatives sure love states rights until a liberal state legalizes weed
 @romacraft neanderthal hn. big strength amp flavor morning smoke. cigars purocigar @cigarsmoke @smokeroma
 i think tyson is trynna smoke wme lol
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy  
   minorities get 10 years for a g of weed. whites probation for killing a black child. whiteprivilege
 i literally smoke my weed  eat good and make my money. you dont see me out cuz ion need that extra mess.
 ill be there. will you dont miss this unique amp inspiring craft cannabis event in beautiful malibu  california. 
 bought some weed from a homeless man shit was some gas
 i smoke rapper weed  this that moonrock
 everybody smoke weed till its time to match them 8ths
 have you ever seen a deer smoke meth  its the cutest thing youve ever seen.
 bro 14 year olds really smoke squares in this generation...slow down young hoes jesus.
 where the weed at
 hate when people send me snaps selling weed ... idgaffff
 mystery gang must have started using more than weed  
 what kind of weed is this 
 rush order for a customers tradeshow.  this will be a smoked ash draw box with their logo. 2 
 h2386 new relative to medical marijuana pediatric patient protections 
 eat ur greens dont smoke em comon guys
 take the journey with weed tarts  couch potatoes amp cookie packs new  delicious and amazingly priced. 
 just stopped at a light next to a coworker my age and he is vaping up a storm... weed vape
 everybody cant sell weed 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 the smoke column on greenupfire located on .@bigcypressnps  usfws  flfire 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1205 north patterson park avenue baltimore 
 whats crazy is i was otw to go smoke amp shorty was like im finna beat this bitch ass can i get in yo carwe pulled up amp she took a l
 bit you knt hang with the gang trynna smoke our shit amp dip 
 facts only.. smoke as you please but dont be dumb 
 how italians smoke a cigarette 
 holy smokes is this a smart configuration of furniture in classroom via @crystalkirch cue17 flipclass 
 only  in my world thats weed 
 oh i think they like me  in my white tee  oh no no no baby smoke so much dope need some visine
 father son holy smoke 
 @gtfinest79 idk.. where there is smoke  there is fire 
 i am loling so hard right now  im watching something about smokey the bear and they tried passing off a pomeranian puppy as a bear 
 i ate now i wanna smoke 
 bowls save weed but rillos omg. i swear i get higher and i love them x10 more. but the struggle i feel u  
 whats the point of snapchatting yourself smoking weed everyday. we get it
 so tell me why someone fucking called hr on our team and said we be smoking weed and snorting powder lmao
 id choose weed over alcohol any day 
 bruh i think my homie pissed at me cuz i called his weed bad... not my fault you waistin 150 for a weak ass zip
 smoke till you niggas cant smoke no more
 can see smoke and flames heading toward downtown amp massive fire abc11 
 i was gunna wait to smoke my joint tomorrow  but fuck that.
 lets smoke a blunt
 i like girls who smoke  guess you could say i got high standards.
 me i just want someone to cuddles me smoke and chill with. why is no one out there  any boy wana hangout me wtf no.
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 best is i dont even smoke anymore and know exactly what he is saying. especially the random band music voice. haha 
 the view from the top of hill looking at the smoke over raleigh 
 what kinda weed men 
 get yo lid game onpoint. stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 just ready for my brother to come home so we can smoke these blunts.
 soft  sleek and straight | patiences is key  | shadow roots  dimensional smoke champagne iced 
 tbt to when i bought shitty weed from some guys in chicago 
 i need to smoke 
 i thought they smoked the flamingo out...and he got too high...these mfs actually little kids throwing rocks... 
 all my lil cousins wanna do is watch me smoke on snap so they can show they momma  blocked
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 424 south payson street baltimore  send message.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 335 south smallwood street baltimore  send me 
 @xpimpceee you coming to smoke or not
 @tj423 vaping as much as i disapprove is a great way to atleast deal with the boredom part  so u dont actually smoke cigarettes
 i smoked the best backwood yesterday and i ate sushiiiii for the first time
 if a bitch could smoke cigs w her pussy she deserve to get her section 8 revoked 
 i smoke a blunt in the morning i smoke a blunt after that 
 my dad legit just showed me all the weed he bought. wth he dont even smoke omg.
 @linalovesit officially  rec weed wont be sold until 2018 but id get the med card bc the qualityprice difference is going to be huge
 la aurora preferidos emerald on sale at lil brown smoke shack  in store deal only 
 i get out at 12 today but idk if i should just leave now and smoke 
 need weed
 free your mind and smoke some weed
 day 62 left hand sketch smoke break . . . . . .  artforsale artist  illustration sketch 
 this was the greenest smoke i could find today in my stash...@asylumcigar 13 ogre 50.  the good news is its deli 
  i dont smoke anymore
 dont forget cannabis industry training classes tomorrow at the @702vcm offices. state mandated 
 why do smokers think its ok to just throw down their cigarette butts people who would never throw a cup out of their car window
 that uncomfortable feeling when you amp yr parents are attending the same party amp the host tells you hes making weed treats for all
 @ashhhhely you need to just smoke it
 @kurapikatxt smonk weed
 you cant smoke no black n mild with or get in the car with me 
 @thuhrealaaron i dont have any weed . but shit pull up and smoke lol
 yall ever cop and open the bag to find out its bap .. i dont even wanna smoke now lol
 are my meds working  am i on an upswing  or is it the weed a memoir
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 500 north bouldin street baltimore  send mess 
 beware of janky contractors who smell like weed. suspect  metroislate thistooshallpass 
 if anyone is wondering why i always be saying is that a weed  this is why i always say that lmao 
 knowing you have a 100 credit with you weed man is awesome
 37 one injection of marijuana will kill you 
 lmao ppl be tryna get your attention sooooo much. shawty you dont eeeeven smoke  lmfao
 just smoked some hash
 i just want to smoke and take a nap but everyone is playing games 
 asked my mom to get some hpnotiq she talkin bout i dont smoke weed  wtf
 thats what she get for being a cigarette smoker 
 to smoke this bowl before work or deal with these mfs sober 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1814 maryland ave  dumpster in bac 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 @younqflexx @welldonemt he cant guard me he want no smoke
 texas weed has nothing on springfield
 portuguesestyle smoked tomato seafood stew with shark  salmon  potatoes  fennel  and saffron foodiefriday 
 if you smoke white boys aka cigarettes dont even look in my direction
 heres your reminder that all drugs are bad if they make you feel good.  except alcohol.  especially weed. you go straight to heroin after.
 im so over today... i just want to eat and smoke
 drinking an irish whiskey finish by @innisandgunnuk @ sublime smoke  
 liv  stumbles  sea legs. sea weed. blaze it.
 i dont even smoke anymore amp i rolled a good j right now
 i always steal an unopened bottle of smoked tobasco sauce from chipotle. i know its wrong  but it feels so right.
 i cant buy a pack of smokes without running into 9 guys youve fucked jaffar
 step dad threw me some weed because im having a bad night.
 everyones gone i can smoke a in piece 
 god made dirt.... dirt dont hurt. god made weed... weed dont make you bleed
 kick it with you smoke one or two baby its up to you
 man viceland some of the best networks out at the moment  i put my pops hip to fk thats delicious  the munchies channel amp weediquette 
 she dont know it yet but ima turn her into a smoker 
  i just wanna smoke weed   with a bad bitch  go download my album thirddegree on 
 who wants to go to steak n shake and smoke a blunt  ill pay 
 bru i swear you do more then weed 
 when youre sick and cant go out so your best friend facetimes you so you can still be in the smoke sesh 
 i cant roll my own weed anymore for a couple weeks 
 when you find out your coworker smokesgtgt
 for a city known for being health conscientious  vancouver has a lot of smokers  yvr
 winston weedshirt 2017 coming for all u ladies
 gotta love american spirits because they effectively double the length of my smoke breaks
 puff puff pass shit you cant smoke gas girl so quit acting with it.
  you louder than my weed  lmaooo 
 why do cocaine when u can do weed am i right
 my brother thought i was taking weed to boston lmao yeah let me go to juvy please
 laughed with her smoked gasssss with ahhhhh 
 i feel like crackie mcgee lmao i need to find some fuckin weed out here.
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 gonna smoke and eat and knock 
 where the drug dealers at i need weed
 smoking a square in public omg is that a cigarette or a joint  dumb bitch do you know the difference why would i smoke a j in a bar
 my mom walked in on char amp i smoking amp she grabbed my weed amp acted mad then threw it back at me amp laughed like why she play me like that
 all my friends slumpt n i cant sleep cuz they wildn in the smoke pit.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 might start smoking weed again 
 trump talks like me when ive smoked too much and am asked to explain something
 no  he answered  because while you are pulling the weeds  you may uproot the wheat with them. 
 myleastfavorite4words youre busted for marijuana
 just listen to dolly parton album blue smoke.
 anyone in salt lake city notice how many of the homeless smoke cigarettes it is expensive but the free loaders do it anyway. why
 you aint never smoked that jet fuel
 siblings find blunts in the car them shaddei you smoke me no  bailey does  them i thought she was a good girl  
  and that is a weed hit push  fucking annoying  no thanks  ill  just look dum  a burn out on twitter
 there is a big difference between possession of green leafy marijuana and marijuana concentrate in pinellas county 
 im so sick ion even wanna smoke
 quick and easy paleo smoked salmon sushi breakfast. dundasont hamont bakerylife 
 just some killer barbecue at smoke shop in boston. bostonsbest foodvideos chefsdayoff bbq 
 cure that hangover with smoked meats and bullets. at royalrangeusa until 
 ive spent the whole car ride trying to explain to my mom that smoking weed isnt bad
 yall be smokin lavender smh yall a smoke anything 
 lol @ overpriced weed in fl
 the people have spoken @jeffsessions its far past time to decriminalize marijuana. welcome to the 21st century. medicalmarijuana
 @anewnez moose tryna smoke
 liquid healmeal nosugar hemp latte with love  apparently 
 @chriscarlin unless  there is nothing truly wrong with him. smoke and mirrors.
 im thinking a smokey eye today
 first brisket ribs off the new smoker. bruh texasbbq slowandlow  brisket ribs @ cowburners 
 accidentally on purpose baked my salmon in cannabis oil and it just hit me 
 finding information on medical and recreational marijuana use is easy. 
 dont be eyeballin my weed.
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 happy birthday @pearcegossett  i hope its a gr8 one  smoke the green and drink the poison 
 san dimas public works superintendent john campbells awesome smoked pulled pork. 
 i smoke weed in the garage because of my husbands allergy to all things illegal.
 you smoked with alex  
 but wifey was there to help out when needed. holding smoke bomb lighters beverage for him during trip. @atlutd 
 out living life on a  hemp weekend. livercancer cancerwarrior teambda cancerfighter 
 showering jess rye babygirl bunintheoven babygirlbrewing babyshower @ south hempstead  new 
 good weed sticks too your fingers.
 you can barely smoke that hoe.  hes red dab 
 canada is nice. smokes poutine is good. money is colorful.
 7thampfinal day in california beercation starts with lunch amp tour @magnoliabeer smokestack  very tasty indeed 
 fried duxbury oysters | cornmeal crust  house smoked bacon  creamed spinach  microgreens  
 hash is kinda like if weed smoked weed the tokegod  31717
 free smoke 
 free smoke free smoke ay morelife
 free smoke free smoke 
 max amp cheese angrydate annnnnnnd more beer @ fat bobs smokehouse 
 damn free smoke been my bio for the longest too 
 mac n cheese with pulled pork  and beer @ fat bobs smokehouse 
 blem  high on marijuana
 i damn near became a stoner last summer i dont think it was a single day i didnt smoke 
 i hate bein sober im a smoker drink molly water
 free smoke 
 the calm before the storm . bigg  time to go smoke @ the westin 
 fre smoke x drakegtgtgtgtgtgtgt
 @shawnyybee oh yeah fa sha thanks for dat ganja track btw hadnt hear dat one yet 
 basically when free smoke beat dropped  i knew it was game over. 
 drinking a mole smoke by @surlybrewing at @surlybrewing  
 free smoke morelife
 havent smoked all day and this blunt about to do justice .
 ugh pizza got on the bottom of my oven last week and i forgot to clean it. now as im cooking another pizza  it smells and is smokey. 
 never trust a weed man with no baggies  
 hotdiggitydog smokeyjoes  advertising creepygofer charlotte northcarolina @ smokey joes 
 free smoke free smoke hidden hills where i post
 who would smoke a nice l with me 
 free smoke  free smoke 
 who got the smoke
 drake with the quick warriors references right out the gate on free smoke. 
 free smoke  free smoke
 new york drone film festival  in honor of all water protectors digital smoke signals via facebook waterprotectors 
 people roll up anywhere in colorado  i guess thats what happens when weed is legal
 i just want someone i could smoke with  then lay up in bed and watch tv
 i had to run free smoke back because 
 @ users for 3v3 umg 1nd its me and smoked
 im just tryna smoke smh
 if im paying 160 for 3.5 grams of weed i better die
 somebody smoke es blunt and cuddle me to sleep bruh i could cry
 @wearemako smoke filled room livemusic mako toronto @liveinlimbo @ velvet underground 
 the only good songs on drakes album are portland and free smoke.
 free smoke
 if you come over and im rolling up  you getting smoked out buddy
 chip on his shoulder rapping drake is the most authentic drake  not the best drake  debatable hes the most fun got free smoke on repeat
 free smoke  free smoke 
 now that marijuanas legal in ma  when somebody buys a bong  it should say  for grass use only  because bonging tobacco should be illegal
 late night smoke session  idk 
 shit idk man its probably the weed 
 my stoner head ass cousin really wants to come over and smoke rn 
 you didnt about the weed world till i introduced you
 im bored nn i wanna smoke again 
 16 people accused of massive home marijuana grow near denver. gt 
 this shit had me rolling this am  yall know my ass imma climb to space to smoke myself into space some more 
 menu for todays wicked weed battered and bruised brunch the snozberry makes a triumphant 
 @loveeemarii  weed   perky  amp alcohol 
 holy smokes. okay self just another 30 minutes of cleaning then you can break free from lame dusting amp cleaning ...until later
 free smoke
 when the smoke clears amp the dust settles  who is really there for you
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 12001298 small street baltimore  
 shawty come smoke one witcha potna
 the fire in boulder this am aerial shot . plenty of smoke but slurry numbers are working hard 
 gyalchester not bad but free smoke beat sounds to much alike from one of his old album 
 free smoke free smoke
 im happy i got smoke with my daddy before he died
 talkin bout only lil niggas sellin weed bitch you just mad that you cant afford that zip
 free smoke  free smoke
 i need some weed  
 why go to texas tulips when you can pick fresh weeds in your front yard.
 free smoke free smokefree smoke. @drake morelife
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1533 w lombard st  overflowing can 
 so thats why i saw smoke coming from across the river. 
 im dying to smoke a fucking blunt.
 uh...diaspora diversion pass the dutchie is so not about children singin weed  right cover my ass. its innocent black boy joy. 
 people passing faster than im passing weed 
 h2383 new regarding the authority of the alcoholic beverages control commission over the business of marijuana ... 
 hello i just went 24hr without smoking weed and it is causing me to wild out online if u didnt notice
 free smoke free smoke aye
 havent smoked alone in a minute
 feel bad for all the guys on extra duty pulling out weeds from the fuckin rocks
 see our latest dayton  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer...  
 everywhere you walk outside smells of mj  marijuana  wtf...
 @thefriscoyeti  weedclub select rg8 a new ringos gift bred mendo strain by uv organics
 wanna smoke amp get ice cream
 deejah got some gas knowing she not a smoker lol.
 i just wanna sleep for days amp wake up to good news amp weed
 @skinnyspinz upd8 limes are in the coronas  cigar smoked and its like hot out
 portland madiba riddim do not disturb  free smoke  sacrifices 
 free smoke free smoke
 nothing is better than free weed
 follow the smoke toward the riff filled land 
 i set off the fucking smoke alarm dear god im never cooking again
 ur mcm smokes out of plastic bongs.  sometimes make out of water bottles.
 free smoke free smoke
 jus getting off .. going home finna mop my house . take a hot ass shower . smoke me the fattest blunt amp watch netflix 
 im going to get ramen and play overwatch and smoke weed. literally what is happening to me.
 i ont smoke swisher sweets bih u fckin up the weed
 i smoked a dutch w dabs for the first time today n i stg this was me lmfao 
 black ppl always wanna talk with the blunt in they hand  smoke the damn blunt 
 more life free smokes newplaylist newsong shit tornado 6side morelife morelikes 
 marijuana doesnt ruin peoples lives  corrupt politicians do successful lawyers  doctors etc  smoke herb  are they bad too @jeffsessions
 im gonna smoke a bowl about it
 smoking weed is nasty you should stop nobody asked you
 rolling on a little smoke earlier this evening. 
 out of work  finally boutta smoke this blunt 
 now i now  how marijuana is good for you  because i hear it every day  hour after hour  but in college it had a somewhat different purpose.
 need new friends to smoke with 
 wanna smoke again 
 my dad never stops advocating weed to me and acting disappointed when i tell him ive never tried it
 k im bout to try and smoke lets see how this goes
 who tryna smoke
 a lot of weed  good food and some body to rub on 
 come smoke with me
 my aunt told my mom i smoke weed trying to get me in trouble but at least im not 14 amp pregnant like your daughter 
 so i cried  told myself to get my shit together  smoked  amp came back to michael proposing to hollytelling everyone hes leaving. not cool
 kleiss is going to smoke.
 nothin like when u smokin in ur car and a cop pulls someone else over and u think they pullin up on u while u parked n smoke... bejeezus
 im struggling but i still got money for weed so im good
 @xosav like i feel like i smoked 7 packs of backwoods
 tits and weed 
 @kelechinjoku2 @aok4justice @louisfarrakhan when we smoke cocaine why does it negatively it our children they smoked nothing
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking.
 aint nun worse than finding out the girl you like smoke cigarettes 
 incb closes 60th session with call for proportionality and condemnation of marijuana legalization 
 ski mask or smokepurrp 
 lets smoke a blunt
 i love second hand smoke at 9 in the morning 
 all the kids that smoke cigarettes at emerson were there.
 free smoke free smoke  
 i have to quit smoking beautiful beautiful ganja tomorrow and im so fucking stressed
 welcome spring. each leaf  each blade of grass vies for attention. even weeds carry tiny blossoms to astonish us.    marianne poloskey.
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 it is a right of every individual to control impulses to  say  overeat  drink alcohol  smoke  etc. this right is go 
 free smoke  free smoke   aye
 the only person angry at the smoke alarm is the arsonist. comeyhearing  russiagate trumprussia leaks trump treason
 rick ross bought some cribs in the atl martha stewart decorated both snoop provide the smoke 
 how is xanax easier to get than weed
 9 writers on free smoke lol
 @wisn12news shaq has smoked one too many things.
 someone finally breaks through the democratic medias smoke screen.  
 free smoke goes hard in the whip 
 i love when i find whole packs of cigs i bought but was too drunk to smoke blessed
 free smoke free smoke
 lmao put up a snap of guac and abbey messages me saying that looks like creamed weed hahah creamed weed im dead
 why is 441 so smokey
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1302 west lafayette avenue baltimore  send me 
 new stuff in stock 15 off juice with vape setup purchases and 10 off water pipes and hand pipes today at smokers 
 corey  trevor smokes lets go
 im sure i got big smoke machines in my basement that could fix it like two years ago if needed. its like a 200 bu 
 both entrances to the store i was gonna go into has smokers outside. they didnt get my business. 
 holy smokes..these delivery guys r like magicians when it comes2moving huge appliances thru weird spaceswow lowes yaynewfridgeandstove
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2000 west pratt street baltimore  send message.
 i left my jar of weed open so now i gotta make up an excuse for the smell and nobody is buying it lmfaooooo imma kms
 free smoke free smoke aye
 i need to get into the weed business
 im about to smoke a carton of cigarettes at once but all packs still in the box
 i hate when people have nice ass cars but smoke in them 
 @gop smoke  fire comeyhearing 
 i wish i had a blunt to smoke for this 5 oclock traffic im bout to be in after work.. fuh 
 little bit of weed fell out of my hair onto my desk at work just now
 as a teamugly member   i want to inform you guys that weed is now legal for us ugly people   if you are attractive its still illegal 
 ay please dont smoke heroin
 there is lots of smoke on the russian ties to the trumpcampaign prior to election now lets see what the fbi come up with the premier law
 drink my beer and smoke my weed but my good friends is  all i need
 picking brooklyn from school me you smoke crack today brooklyn nope
 somebody ft me while i smoke this bleezy
 @bandaidknees my hope for you is that the medical marijuana helps you be more independent because i know that is one thing you really want.
 shes smoke  i pull her in nice and slow  shes a habit that i cant let go  blowin rings around my heart.. 
 anybody in phoenix got weed to sell me lol
 wiz dont smoke blunts 
 please  who gave drake sk to smoke  god bless you 
 who trying to smoke a wood with me right now ....
 @2splibb @jesell @irmixon @topaziosmeraldo @scullypsych @braddjaffy @anniekarni in this case it should be considered medical marijuana
 i need a friend i can smoke a fat blunt w  that will let me cry bc life is rough but will also make me laugh and tell me everythings good
 @realdonaldtrump you are very good at smoke and mirrors  donnie
 thats how i got the weed spot  i shot dred in the head took the bread and the lamb spread 
 free smoke amp teenage fever 
 you aint gonna do shit steph.  my wife could smoke you and shes tiny.
 @rastasprincess too many coincidences surrounding us where there is smoke there is fire
 my weed man a old head the shit he be saying be so fucking funny dawg 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now   a little more higher in my smoke now 
 i know a chinese dude that smokes 1pack every 2days. he also told me his dad had lung transplant from cigarettes. b 
 do you know how much weed this bitch just wasted wtff 
 all bay area bitches do is drink hennessey  smoke backwoods and think their makeup artist 
 worked a double  back was killing me. took some vicodin  smoked a blunt amp im feelin right.  glad doing doubles is over w for now. 
 my first item to try smoked pork belly and cheese grits from @funkadelic85. let me tell you  
 how uno get the free smoke instrumental before tory lanez
 i just wanna smoke some weed
 free smoke ayyyy 
 every time i hear kodaks line you cant smoke no black amp mild with me on no flockin i think of @deezywe
 @kingjorgee next time we smoke this gon be me 
 the hov line on free smoke is epic
 i smoke to keep it mello  i drink to keep it mello  everyday i keep it mello
 free smoke
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 3000 block of sw 10th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000022757 2303 pdx911
 free smoke  anybody want it  they can get it  no joke.
 akon eyo gringo eyo gringo   me i heard you want some marijuana or some pure white coca 
 how do ppl who dont drink or smoke cover their feelings without punching a whole thru a wall or lighting themselves on fire 
 cant sleep smoke.
 need some weed 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 clear sky gt smoke temperature down 68f gt 62f humidity up 56 gt 68 wind 9mph gt 8mph
 @twylaburger @joeintexas @jonbaxtersays @mattbinder if theres anything shes proven to be good for  its weeding out the lowlifes...
 see our latest marion  ar job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 see our latest englewood  tn job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 @potus i have a reasonable question. are you  legally  allowed to smoke marijuana i have it in my mind that you already negotiated it.
 whos tryna smoke a few heaters after school
 free smoke  free smoke
 legalize the recreational use of cannabis in all 50 states
 free smoke free smoke
 woody harrelson quit smoking weed almost a year ago 
 woke up with some coffee and weed  what a better way to start a day
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 pulling weeds discuss feelings to clear the air and remove the toxic residue.  only then  can you plant seeds to i 
 i like u guys more than i like weed  mak is so cute
 they be buggin  talm bout you only hmu when you want weed  .... you my weed man what you expect  
 the low battery chirp of a smoke detector is the sound of my rout deliverin
 tobacco is a filthy weed  that from the devil does proceed it drains your purse  it burns your clothes  and makes a chimney of your nose.
 in class today i watched a rabi  priest and an atheist smoke weed together and it was easily one of the best things ive ever seen 
 less money we spend on bs the more for the weed  juvie the great 
 if it aint weed it aint me
 hickory smoked tofurkey is better than actual turkey dont @ me
 last bit of weed no  no blunt wraps  
 happy birthday @abbyrcr  smoke one for me  
 watch how you speak on my name  you know  free smoke
 i might miss yah ... but watch how ima kick back smoke this blunt and forget about you on grams 
 but the way she smoked that cig so sexually 
 the valet guys are alwys looking out for me. bringing me snacks and checking if i work so they wont smoke in the prking structure.grateful
 id love to smoke a blunt with my therapist tbh
 going to try and live my life sober well at least from smoking weed
 havent smoked all day and im annoyed af
 im the type to smoke a blunt on the people  i dont seen the money turn niggas evil.
 i wanna smoke but ion feel like rolling 
 i hate when kalei makes me come outside to smoke a cigarette. 
 my mom keep tryna get me to smoke this shake with her   like bye mom  smh
 i just really like to smoke... is that a bad thing 
 just ran into a guy my ex used to massage for weed and im happy to say hes definitely possibly coming to my show on saturday
 blue magoo recall for cannabis now
 i can only smoke with certain people because i get so weird and awkward lmfao
 most learning is identifying garbage  then eliminating it from your brain.  like gardening  most of the work is about removing weeds.
 solid reminder that marijuana is a very valid way of treating depression and other mental illnesses 
 how to calm anxiety dont say smoke like fr i need a diff option 
 i just wanna smoke a fatty lay in the grass while watching the planes  
 got to start smoking weed again to calm me down i be outta line sometimes
 all i wanna do is work get bans and smoke good...
 i want someone who be down to go to nature trail walks and smoke a blunt while enjoying the view
 i just want to smoke
 las vegas if you need tickets to the hemp fest..we got em get your tickets now amd we will 
 kissing my baby back ribs w some jack daniels smoke.... @ renes smokehouse 
 @alleyesonme212 ppl do it but its purely dumb for that u smoke a blunt why waste your weed
 damn its 840 ive been at smokey row for over 5 hours. lol.
 havent smoked in two months 
 would i smoke this bitch yes
 i need to smoke a blunt and forget about the ol times
 @customgrow420 ran into you@the nw cannabis club last week. i would love to get you some samples from our dispensary alternative solutions.
 i always like a variety now which ones to go with a shrimp pizza  slow smoked wine luxury 
 melasha about to waste my weed bc she going straight to sleep when we get home smh
 buy less cigarettes and buy more weed 
 today in da am  really needs smoke rn tho smh who down  lmao 
 cant find any weed .. probably going to spazz out in a few
 need to smoke
 white fish rillette is a must for those of you who enjoy smoked fish.  super tasty appetizer 
 i appreciate anyone who chooses to wear the rath of being a smoker heatersinthedugout 
 silicone bongs ofcourse stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 its 2017 and marijuana still has a bad reputation and stigma associated with it. sad.
 niggahs want smoke   until they get kontact
 what type of weed is that 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 kodak black  told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli   me  i will run around your whole board like mon 
 day day gt smokey
 i smoke too much weed to be getting mad over petty shit
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 last night i came over 2 alberts 2do hw amp smoke.  didnt write my paper.  fell asleep while he was rolling backwood 7 am and writing lmao
 see our latest como  ms job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 baby smoke so much dope  need some visine.
 @trillmacmusik hey i just wanted to thank you for the follow and supporting cannabis families
 ...all she wanna do is smoke dat broccoli. 
 @dermudetude smokey is sheltering in place 
 fruit punch pediasure amp weed is the answer to hangovers
 its 2017 and people are still calling weed dope. stop.
 my favorite person to consume weed with is going on probation   shits real out here
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 849 reinhart st  no rear access. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 849 reinhart st  no rear access. 
 im trying to smoke but i got baseball today 
 i got a new weed man  i brag different
 we are looking forward to doing whats right for the village of hempstead  ryan said. latest on @hempsteadvill  
 my existence can be boiled down to farting a lot and smoking weed and like watching movies occasionally
 the smoke off  @tommychong @shelbychong @snoopdogg @wizkhalifa
 gonna smoke a blunt on the beach alone cuz i have no friends
 she dont want much just to smoke and fuck
 @stonerreport hey shut up thank you from all the cannabis families
 the night i smoked crack  had a crack dream
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2630 beryl ave  send message. 
 still plan to smoke weed.. hide from the police
 standing ovation from her senate colleagues. i think they know what comes next. paiva weed press conference starting in minutes.
 when you think youre baking something simple but then it turns into a two hour mission to scrub and scrape the oven because smoke alarm 
 he use 2 lick it  he use 2 stroke it  u kno 1 night we was makn love he said this thing is so damn good i wanna put it in my pipe amp smoke it
 amp smoke again 
 rollin fatties  smokin blunts. whos smokes blunts we smoke blunts
 il lawmakers introduce bills to legalize marijuana sales to adults 
 white smoke coming from a top floor of 100 main st. fire  and police  have blocked off a majority of adams st. ac 
 more smoke. its a dumpster fire now dumptrump resistance 
 who need weed
 my purse smell like all weed
 rolll that weed nigga shake that ass hoe
 more farmers claim that monsantos leading weed killer product caused them cancer 
 the current state of the marijuana grow law in colorado does not respect the property rights of neighbors  concludes realtors rep
 lamb  smoked corn and potato chowder bistro1860 freshfood @ bistro 1860 
 fanning the smokeless fire in @nerdswhogetlaids review of @simonoliver01s hellblazer 8  
 this dude just bought three black and milds  he about to smoke a lung
 i didnt take a before picture but imagine this area completely overrun with dead plants  weeds 
 theres literally way too many people in this world i can never smoke in peace
 town meeting votes no on cannabis committee  138  no  8  yes  3  abstain lexingtonma
 @rileyannoconnor @lollapalooza roll one smoke one 
 pizza garlic white sauce  carmalized red onions  spinach  smoked salmon  6 italian cheese blend. 
 amp i know your baby mama fond of me  all she wanna do is smoke broccoli 
 free smoke
 soooo....turns out im a square because ive never smoked oxy.
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 where theres smoke theres fire  where theres fire someone please call the damn fire department what is going o 
 wings w fire sauce @smokesrest1 ash basement  @ smoke the restaurant downtown 
 @branndhub hey thank you so much pot for parents and cannabis families everywhere thank you
 hey @govrauner if you want to get the pissed off millennials off your case just legalize weed. @heathersteans
 when are people gonna realize that you cannot drink or smoke reality away
 i smoke concrete it makes my eyes heavy
 steen a freshman dormitory at stephen f austin state university that constantly smells like marijuana.
 social media  smoke in mirrors
 @thehurricaneinc @barrelhousebeer  i wish i was there.  smoked tritip and awesome craft beer.  oh my
 .@fredrotondaro put this in your pipe amp smoke it 
 caught a blooper on @thepathonhulu theyre all vegans but theres a smoker bbq on the back porch.  smokedvegetablesaretheworst
 twitter for me is damn near what a cigarette is to smokers. i eat a fat plate of food then hop on twitter just like 
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 i needa come bakk nn smoke wit my niggah
 im just tryna run sum butt cheeks and smoke a backwood dasss alll
 ...on more weed 
 repost @ilmbfitness  who doesnt love a good smokey gray ombre check out the new chlo 
 @thequeendakota   dakota please do not smoke cigarettes  it will age you
 all my friends smoke reds marlboro i deserve an endorsement
 backwood but no weed
 cleared construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road
 check out my duby. duby app is the fastest growing cannabis community online. follow me  @mtv420  on duby app 
 kudos to jimmy smokes and his bullpen didnt fail him. usa 
 liartraitorthug  impeachtrump  axeahca  resist gorsuch  damn is it really all a done deal all that smoke...   
 its 7 in the morning and these girls sound like they smoked crack already... @dubloadz crack
 even when the sky comes falling  bitch ima still get high  i got faith in my weed man 
 she said it smells like reefer 
 @realdonaldtrump but they were telling the truth when they widely reported wiretapping claims but come up with a smokescreen quick orange1
 i cant wait to smoke a blunt on my patio 
 @shtoppers  shhs team 3984 in knoxville for smokey mountain regional.  @dchsfrc @patrickobarnes jdinspire first 
 see our latest loretto  pa job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 intro of free smoke is so good 
 attorney rachel ginsburg in action discussing medical marijuana in the workplace here at the @cbianews 2017 human r 
 yall dont wanna know smoke with no gorilla. stop it
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 got a lot of weed ya can smoke what ya want
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 ps. im a massive fan bro  drop me a line if ever in vancouver. i can show you around and we could smoke one  @ofctimallen
 how i solve all my problems smoke weed
 smoking weed
 cant fw you if you get your weed for free
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 the lord law almighty will now rule with smokefree jesus 
 idk if i smoke too much or what but im a straight dumbass sometimes. forget my phone in cars  keys at work. i be slackin lol
 just finished lunch.... gonna smoke my medicine  
 free smoke free smoke
 @shamg0d exactly idk what he smoked before he came on twitter but... he shouldnt have
 all female do now is smoke
 cause they trap yo smoke for free 
 d.c. smoke @ the lone wolf cigar company amp lounge  @lonewolfcigars in los angeles  ca 
 freeway is about to yak from maxs cigar smoke. 
 75 of the girls who smoke weed are mentally ill
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation job jobs
 @howlanderica @patrickstar1823 this is very correct. @go4martin and i suffered through the smoke filled house. were lucky to be alive
 new study confirms cannabis can help beat tobacco and other addictions  via @@herbworthy
 once marijuana distribution is in the hands of these greedy ass politicians and the government i want zero parts in it 
 amp i got smoke for any of you twitter niggas that play football
 someone pull up to whitestone queens and lend me a smoke pleaaaase
 420 go smoke 
 i need a smoke buddy
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 now i need more weeds
 i just be wanting to chill amp smoke amp talk about all different type of shit with somebody .
 hosting a candlelight vigil tonight to remember all this weed i just dropped on my carpet  youre all welcome to attend. bring snacks.
 today in painting class me it reeks of weed in here girl eating mcdonalds i have no idea what youre talking about
 so tired and bored i cant wait to smoke and go to bed
 if youve ever wondered what i mean when using the term dirty smoke gt 
 @bristoltj @kiiiuhh thats why its funny bc she thinks id actually need to go for weed lol
 i told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 you dont smoke loud  be quiet
 when niggas say i hate girls who smoke we mean the ones smoking cigarettes. not the ones smoking a blunt with weed.
 @seanhannity @devinnunes like everything the dems touch they call it one thing which is only a smoke screen fir sonething else. denying dems
 b.s.g york its the weed music video @ louisville  kentucky 
 muhfuckas dont want no smoke with kendrick man lol sheesh
 u think i could smoke my phone
 so apparently  not wanting weed in my room makes me a dick 
 no nigga pull up on your block we gonna blow nigga go nigga run nigga run to the po nigga guess what i smoke nigga 
 i need to smoke so fucking bad
 gpa gordys gotta come smoke our house off.. kyries been having nightmares every night crying .. saying some scary things .. every night. 
 im a fucking fat ass when im hi lmfao my mind is always on food   before i even smoke i already know where ima go eat lmfao
 @caelyngalo i havent yet wanna chill  drink and smoke with me
 my glossier bag is my weed bag
 @daiizaun smoke a lil bit  but its not
 montreal seasoned bbq steak .... @ renes smokehouse 
 am i the only person that weed keeps up all night interesting in every fucking thing
 i have about 2k followers dont understand unfollowspy i get many knew daily ive weeded out the solicitation of nu 
 been on a wild goose chase looking for my bfs car with my weed in it and then he tells me he took his bike to work.... who are u
 dont gimme no bammer weed  we dont smoke that shit in the sfc
 breakingnews bryceville wildfire now 75 contained. smoke amp fog force closure of cr 119 brown cr 121 and 301 @wjxt4
 tracking soil temperatures for broadleaf weed control @uhallgrass @mcmurrray @jlaversanford 
 future  zoom gtgtgtgtgtgtgt smoked it
 @drivemaven maybe we can work a promotion for cannabis families
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4120 audrey ave  violation notice outstanding. 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 who trynna smoke
 i ate half a weed cookie in medical terminology the other day everything felt like the prehibernation week episode of spongebob
 hmmm my daughter smokes pot but here i am buying her clothes do you see something wrong with this picture
 i know it breaks your heart that i only smoke papers i dont smoke gars babe
 last night i coulda sworn i smoked a whole jar
 sometimes you just need to weed the garden and cut the grass and keep living your life.
 tell the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli 
 when comfort foods collide  you get todays pitmasters choice smoked bbq meatloaf. come see us at shell starting 
 come out and show love tonight at the up in smoke art showcase this line up is dope asf 
 i swear the weed out here has me high for like 30 min then im back to normal again 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 all i want to do is produce rampb music and smoke briskets forever
 @alexmallin @gaypatriot @abc he was seen at the 711 buying smokes just before that. no word on why he was there.
 if you smoke often you gotta gotta gotta drink water
 losing something is the worst feeling ever especially when its a weed brownie
 all i wanted to do was sit outside on this nice day and then i got bombarded by cigarette smoke. i hate people
 the fact that you can order weed online and get it delivered to your apartment here is just the greatest blessing a person can get
 just tapped  bire de mars from @zerogravitybeer. and holy smokes it is tasty traditionally 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 lets make plans and smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 821 west lombard street baltimore  send messa 
 drinking an irish water by smoke brewing co. @ smoke brewing company  
 big question lmao  you got a friend and you allow him to smoke in your car  what would u rather him smoke lmao tobacco products
 someone come smoke a blunt w me
 @bdublare yooo happy birthday homie  smoke one for me tonight 
 this new custom dynamics dark smoke led tribar is going to look good on scarlet 
 see our latest jeffersonville  ky job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 tell me how i smoke a blunt a day and can still run a 720 mile 
 when there is a lovely meaty smell wafting about and you remember you put on smoke meat and that smell is coming fr 
 my grandma said everyones who has stayed in the room im in now has been choked by a ghost but me haha fuck boy aint want no smoke
 dahn here we smoke tree  then let the world see  true hidden talent like screw and lil keke 
 no bitch you can not smoke my weed
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 roll up that weed  we about to blow glow remix
 i really wanted to like this beer...just hohum  drinking a red velvet by @bpbrewing @ sublime smoke    photo
 @jaeyr5 haha  i dont know about smoking weed  we had enough of that  maybe not trading up that high  but at least back into the 2nd round
 talking shop with humboldt  cabased cannabis authorphotographer gooey rabinski  
 while you were sleeping on us we were building relationships @gunubuproducts smokebuddy 
 @masoncoon smokes a 2 out stand up double to right center
 prince of wales street is currently block at the algonquin hotel for smoke in the basement situation is under control
 there better be smokescreens in that party boom concert. just saying. why im a graphic designer not a stage designer
 @ohhitssmashley what a mom. tell her hi for me amp that id love to smoke with her
 i can finally say that i have seen not 1 but 3 waterfalls  @ great smokey mountains  north 
 free smoke free smoke  castrothoughts
 sometimes i miss smoking weed  but then i think about the improvements ive made in my life since i quit
 stsmokeshopwinrock stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 finish tastes a bit like weed   drinking a tropical torpedo by @sierranevada @ onondaga hill   
 im just going to watch cheech and chong all day and smoke to heal
 a girl @ the gym just asked if i had a marijuana tat on my back.... nope. that would be a dove. someone is high.
 taco bell across from a marijuana store. wellplayed
 now that marijuana is legal  should oxnard regulateban pot businesses 
 i just wanna smoke n chill tn
 dont be fooled. this is smoked mozzarella dressed up like a tomato  just one of 5 courses 
 scratch that  i do not need a smoke. more like  id like to smoke to calm myself down foshoo
 im honestly jus tryna smoke  amp chill. oh yea i gotta eat sum too 
 my grandma just said she heard of this new weed thing called a blunt 
 except that your a weed head  my mom knows me to well 
 i dont like when the person who is selling me weed asks me how long the amount of weed im purchasing lasts me
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 read the quran rt @missunndastood if you dont drink or smoke what we posed to do when we hang out
 mmmm cant hear u. weed too loud
 i need some weed 
 i know this is dumb as hell but like if flatbush plays smoke break at this concert im going to be able to die a happy man
 really good weed filmsin3words 
 @roccocorb have fun dont smoke too much ganja
 girl gimme yo ipad so i can roll my weed
 my weed is so purple. i never used to care  but fuck you  i get good weed. 
 @ smoke sesh  couple in front of me  girl fine no back scratches for you tonight   guy idgaf i got my hoes for that   meholds laugher
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 414 s wolfe st  trash and rat fece 
 see our latest westmifflin  pa job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 tunas coming out early today to shoot a short film called waiting for weed @ capitol hill 
 i believe cannabis clears the cobwebs long enough to learn new things. it showed me that my life was still a life w 
 i aint survive 10 years in prison by lettin niggaz get over. and i damn sho aint secure dis bag by given away free smoke 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 gotta eat before i smoke
 gettin silly good this saturday with specials...  chicken parm sandwich  smoked wings  beer cheese soup  and much 
 cigarette smokers dont care about themselves . like that really pissed me off 
 some random person smoked near me and i have asthma  now i am dying 
 following a blog cause 99 of it is your taste makeup  sexy spooky clothes  travel  but the 1 is like...chick in weed bra holding gun.
 when you thought it was a skunk  but its definitely weed. 
 my @stance sox lol that fog machine was sooo smokey thanx for coming out sis love uuuu  
 i can still remember how the weed smelt when you were ridin shotgun  no seat belt
 dont nobody in norfolk ever have weed 
 niggas dont smoke reggie 
 no it aint... he look like the best weed big man chi ever had... 
 it has been scientifically proven that smoking weed makes you 10x more artsy
 man where the smokers at in chicago 
 600 breezy really went off on free smoke
 gas station quote of the day  crackhead 1 i smoke more weed then you crackhead 2 i smoke so much weed my poop is green. yeah. that much
  once again  big smoke big drank its kinda warm in cleveland enjoy the weekend ctgenius  
 i dont mind niggas thinking im just a girl who does nothing but smoke weed. it makes it easier for me to make moves and money in peace.
 ashley weaver smokes one right to the 3rd baseman with 2 on 2 out in 5th. after winning game 1 87 hawks trail clay 
 so to @donqhbtl for showing love to day 1 and smokeout boyz ent    @chasetheartist of 
 how can anyone still smoke a blunt like tobacco rillos are honestly the devil and i feel like throwing up everytime i take a puff.
 we have to keep weeding the rinos out. maga 
 these nigga done brought a bottle of gin and some weed 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 2817 hudson st  pet fecise . 
 whose tryna smoke this clip
 with my people before i leave  its only right... @ lakewood smokehouse 
 about to turn some money into smoke  @silencerco @spikestactical @lwrci1 sbr 300blackout 
 cant wait to go home and smoke
 @surlysemantics @mernahuana yeah but thats bullshit. i can kill myself with legal alcohol but go to jail for weed  that does infringe.
 check the footwork free smoke  free smoke @kingjames @drake   @solecollector @ quicken loans 
 just a small amount of barrel aged french toast from wicked weed here @chapterroomga  @wickedweedbeer
 anybody wanna smoke 
 if you are into smoked beers this brewery will be in your wheelhouse.... neandertaler  photo
 nagging rhetoric oneliners this is very amateur state craft insidious last generation that have a right to smoke l 
 free smoke
 ima just stick to smoking weed
 my @lyft drivers car smells like cigarette smoke so bad i want to vomit. im going to smell like cigs amp im slightly pissed about it.
 @whoskid tryna smoke a bowl before your set
 theres nothing i hate more than the smell of cigarettes. no offense to those who smoke em. i just cant deal
 @edzitron @nytimes shes never recovered from the weed she smoked. rip maureen dowd  weed casualty
 ur spending ur whole saturday night smoking weed bro grow up bro do some crack or some shit tonight bro.
 need a girl that swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 wtf  who got weed amp deliver
 i want to smoke
 dont stress over me baby   smoke dope 
 never thought trying to find cannabis at 2am today would be this hard
 idk i mean uve smoked w my gma before  
 my friend nick is addicted to marijuana and alcohol  he literally started tearing up when they didnt pass him the blunt smh
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 all i want for my 21st is makeup and a shit load of weed
 see our latest enon  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 whatever kind of weed i had last night put me right on my ass
 this bitch wanna smoke all of my weeeed
 croque madam  smoked ham  gruyere cheese   bechamel sauce topped with a fried egg  
 hey roger stone  this russian stuff is not a hrc campaign meme that has no smoke. stop fooling yourself or deluding yourself.  @thisweekabc
 @naetella thank you bb. lets smoke one one night when i get off.
 @embschell1 you do you wanna smoke before we go into forever 21  me no  you ok me neither.....
 free smoke
 free smoke  passionfruit  jorja interlude  portland  sacrifices  nothings into somethings  teenage fever  glow  ice melts  do not disturb
 next weekend im buying a pack of cigarettes. bc every weekend someone ask me can they buy a cigarette from me and i dont smoke lol
 i rather weed over alcohol any day. .
 if i asked you to smoke crack  would you do it
 havent smoked in so long
 one of my coworkers said he can smoke a cigarette with his foot standing up and that alone is why i love my job
 @1thizz i had to give some advice to people who dont smoke lmao
 all cyrus and i do is smoke  fuck  eat  amp nap.
  need to smoke before i dont stop
 if you havent smoked a barewood....youre seriously missing out
 the media will really criminalize a black person for using marijuana like these underage white college students dont show up drunk to class
 @allaboutnj legalize marijuana now
 so on top of being sick this rain is fucking with my back  ughhhh i wish my dr wouldnt randomly drop me so i could smoke the pain away.
 ever taken a selfie  on weed @ kingman  arizona 
 i took the hottest and best bath ever  and i set the smoke alarm off 
 sunday brunch scrambled eggs amp smoked salmon with checca sauce on rye @ south plaza  kansas city 
 when a hookah smoker meets a cigarette smoker 
 my new @ is inspired by my 2 fav drugs  heroin and marijuana  because theyre basically the same
 @usrealitycheck and...in the weeds once again
 finna smoke this pain away 
 smoke strong like snoop smoke more dan a rasta  
 come smoke at my crib lol
 testing could stall access to medical marijuana in ohio 
 school   money   weed 
 all u do is smoke  these my lungs bitch  fomf
 lots of smoke from the old auto parts yard. sources say possible vandolism 
 bowls the whitest way to smoke lol
 ion smoke so tolerance weak like my dick game 
 i love when people that smoke tell me i should quit dipping
 my dumb ass smoke detectors go off from steam. if you step out the shower or boil water on the stove that bitch going off 
 @flykidkev weeds
 i put on this new peeling mask and it has a faint weed smell to it
 when you ready to smoke   but you aint at school yet  
 my succulent plants are making me tear up wtf kinda weed am i smoking
 why do ppl smoke cigarettes i promise it doesnt make you cool and youre skin becomes hella wrinkly and you get lung cancer. very fun
 wow 200 days smoke free. feels good.
 free smoke free smoke
 michely i need weed  me what you need michely just a gram  me a dub  michely i dont know what that is 
 somebody come smoke w me
 miriam ass said smoke in the dark and put the blanket over your head like virgin mary 
 its the ones that smoke blunts with ya see ya picture now wanna grab they guns n come n get cha
 @lambolos smh i dont even smoke cigarettes
 @tmardizon put your money where your mouth is you fucking cock smoker
 just got through playing mintonsharlem had a blast w @camillethurman  now at smokejazzclub 
 the only ring i want to see right now  is the smoke ring around my ribs after i smoke them
 i cant renew my cannabis card because dmv is hasnt sent me the paper work to renew my license. wow aint that some shit
 accidentally burned a paper towelamp my grandma really thinks i was smoking weed lmfao
 another soon to be potheads paradise. canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 i hate that julian smokes in my car 
 the happy smoker  
 when my friends and i live together im hiding easter eggs with weed nugs and mini alcohol bottles
 need a man i can smoke with tbh
 smokey smokey 
 i love that becoming an adult in this time is just expecting all of your frieds to have weed for you
 need to just sleep before i see one more weed tweet
 he said to smoke weed everyday so we will deathofabachelor   thank you so much baby. @regg1e 
 my hair smells like weed
 all i do is drink lipton tea and smoke  i fell off so hard yall
 free smoke the hardest intro of all time off the beat alone
 how i am supposed to trust a doctor that smokes
 hopefully when i start my car there wont be any smoke coming out the exhaust pipe
 smoke a little weed in the morning
  yeah this man dont smoke at all  
 free smoke
 free smoke free smoke 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @jessicaabc7 @natashaabc7 @amyhollyfield  visual of smoke from 7th n broadway location 
 most remaining smokers in us have low socioeconomic status  via @scienmag.
 are you pleased marijuana will be made legal on july 1  2018 answer talkbackmtl at 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 like bitch smoke to get high  not to try and look cool 
 lets give this smoke from @ajuancancel a try @protocolcigars @ famous smoke shop 
 see our latest greenville  ms job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 everything bagels with smoked salmon. pls and thank you.
 delegates debating medical marijuana legislation sponsored by del. cheryl glenn of baltimore. @washinformer 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 mybesteverdecision was and is to help you get access to medical cannabis.
 nothing like the days where every single cigarette you smoke hurts your stomach
 not a cowboys fan but im with jerry jones on the idea of dropping the marijuana ban in the nfl ban.
 hes smoked in every country hes been to. even florida
 impossible for me to walk across campus from my house to uclub without smelling weed
 i wanna chill and smoke hookah outside 
 saturday night smoked chuck roast burnt ends. terrible. sunday night second attempt. perfect. one cow at a time...
 lol the first time i smoked weed was the day after i sucked dick for the first time god is shook 
 you a jackass  all i smoke is ass
 johnoliver pretending to be high  priceless. check out last nights lastweektonight segment about marijuana 
 acid on me like the rain  weed crumbles into glitter
 @cindarillos lmao girl im on my neck  but did you watch me smoke the whole thing 
 damn. good thing i smoke cigs.  
 east  free smoke 
 @twosmokes @ericbolling two bad influence weed smoking druggies talking about famous president  jealous fk
 i wish you bitches would stop poppin it for weed amp henny... cant remember the last time ive been on a real date 
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 hey @standardmiami kinda gross eating my healthy meal sucking in second hand smoke. can i smoke in the spa miami southbeach
 i can not wait to smoke a cig 
 israels medical marijuana pioneers look to cash in on a 20bn market  cannabis israel
 2 for 20  championship rib dinner 12 rib dinner amp 10 smoked wings and coke collector cup 
 says the person with my name still in their mouth while im deadass just chillin smoking some weed  plz grow up 
 my lips getting to black  i smoke to much
 shoot da weed man if da dope aint smokin
 about to go in the house smelling like straight weed and i dont smoke 
 @jmoneywsp weed
 never leave the house without a pack of swisher and some marijuana
 thank you for all the positive and normal people who helped me with my weed and alcohol addiction. i love u all. god bless you 
 dave east killed that free smoke remix 
 varsity lost to a solid hempstead team 04 tonight. held them to 1 goal in 2nd half. @burken11 18 saves.  jv great fight  lost 01.
 watch how you speak on my name free smoke 
 pull up and smoke up the whole block 
 lost a swisher pack full of weed if u find it hope u enjoy 
 will some1 be a friend n smoke me out a lil  im sad
 @enigma7 i stopped watching to smoke a blunt
 can someone just smoke me out real quick pls n ty  
 my gma know i smoke but ill never let her catch me high lol
 when your last name is weed and ppl wanna know if its really weed or if you just like weed  
 need a smoke sesh w my baby again
 have you ever smoked weed in your college parking lot
 just found out my grandma smokes weed ig lmao 
 the whole 3rd floor smells like weed amp im a lil jealous
 i got a b on a paper that i wrote about legalizing marijuana in louisiana
 how much crack has adam morrison smoked since college
 havent chewed my nails or smoked since ive been sick  this will be easy to continue considering how i keep thinking about nasty germs lol
 @braeden1johnson reminds of that one night  u said marijuana solves everything 
 i got lil shawty onnat reefer now she kodak boppin
 someone pls bring me weed
   suit  cig holder  skull umbrella  1 pack cigarettes  smoked 8   cut bangs  2.5 hrs in the freezing rain  art takes commitment 
 so what we get drunk so what we smoke weed
 las vegas  where the weed at
 my philosophy is if they wanna smoke theyll come get it  
 2 am smoke sessions 
 so nobody got smoke
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 dam cant smoke weed fml
 its time to be smokey the bear at 230 am
 over eight  obama undermined our government at the highest levels of the country. we need to weed out these criminals  take our country back
 yooooo upton avenue baltimore have the best weed bags kill
 swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato 
 craving a smoked sausage poboy amp fruit punch big shot 
 if you ask me if weed is a drug id say of course it is by definition
 ill fcuk around n smoke a whole zip these days  dailyroutine   djflyguy @ denver  colorado 
 i wanna tell you this shit right now while this fuckin weed is in me
 i knew this would happen. ncaa a bunch of lilly livered cowards. this was just a smokescreen to appease liberals. b 
 i got the day off so im going to smoke a bowl in the bath and sing some sylvan esso
 my friends wanted to see how their different weed smokes in different wraps amp they decided to use me for the experiment..
 im at @zuckersbagels amp smoked fish in new york  ny 
 lets smoke this blunt 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2808 boarman avenue baltimore  
 dont worry baby im not a stress case  imma just care for u and smoke blunts w u boo 
 bitch stole a couple dollars and some weed lmfaoooooooooo 
 shit be boring when i cant smoke
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i got 200 for any girl that hasnt got smoked out for free lol
 last night tita amp i were smoking a blunt and this bitch drops it .. we start seeing smoke from under my seat.. we were about to start a fire
 i aint never used eye drops after i smoked think i gaf you know im fried  i dont
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 @allhailasia what is leaving my room to smoke it wont happen 
 who needs some bomb ass weed
 nigga dropping the weed everywhere so tragic jesus
 ima slap somebody momma  @ slap ya mommas smokehouse amp bbq 
 @davidscottjaffe yo your new game @drawntodeathps4 is so awesome how much weed yall smoke to make this drawntodeath greatgame
 dylan rakestraw  a 21 year old unt student  said he likes zebras head prices compared to other smoke shops in the 
 my nigga penny killed that free smoke remix
 the whole foxtrump unmasking smokescreen is transparent of course trump team was of intelligence interest. 
 the beginnings of roasted tomatillo and avocado salsa for our smoked brisket tuesday taco 
 all niggas wanna do is try to smoke you out and fuck 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @tonycolombo971 when the guy promoting weed on air is so stoned he cant compose thoughts... 
 i smoke to alina baraz amp chop god partynextdoor two album ... its so lit 
 i used to trick on my nigga now i just be buying more weed
 im a expert drinker i think meettheexpert017 nrashow2017 nra chicago @ old crow smokehouse 
 @jordansekulow @mariabartiromo @nro for goodness sake trump is a russian spy never happened in u.s. history. no smokescreens.
 only 48hours til expertjointslive  smoke weeds everyday w @weedssouthvan tokeup amp 
 my class is arguing about medical marijuana  zont get me started
 i dont always 360 but when i do  i put a lot of smoke  bullettime montreal livemontreal 
 i got weed 
 im bout be my own weed man cus that shit rly be getting old tf
 tgstudiocity smoked beef short ribs  english peas  asparagus  snap peas and mushroom ragout  
 need somebody to smoke this gas with 
 with this amount if smoke there better be ribs and brisket @altonbrown 
 turns out shes all smoke  tell me have you seen her she say  im right here this is her 
 so tired i need someone to roll my blunt amp hold it for me while i smoke it lmao
 crazy how so many people smoke weed and it has so many benefits yet its still illegal and people are still getting thrown in jail for it.
 @kennedior i just smoked the last of my bud but dm me
 2 gram 7 pointers of marijuana
 thanks g but i cant smoke those gotta roll my own. work kicked my ass but im not that tired 
 niggas with dreads smoke cigarettes and blacks all day 
 smoking sum real weed 
 dave east free smoke gt drake free smoke
 i smoke so much the ashes bout to fall on me.
 update construction on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to after exit 40 i90...httpst.co8lbyoeug47
 somebody match me no dutches though only smoke bowl .
 rt if youve never called weed bhang or kif  
 home with nkthjnv to do. guess ill smoke by myself 
 convinced all niggas do is smoke weed   cheat amp play 2k all day 
 this smoke session is boring 
 all i wanna do right now is sit on my porch with someone and chain smoke but im alone and quit smoking months ago  wtf
 @brindaspencer i heard aliens roll up the best weed lol
 hit a bowl of weed in my rig now i needa clean it  currently smoking a blunt thoe yolo
 i really wish i didnt smoke my shit last night
 @markhoppus i dont smoke marlboro menthol golds
 construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway 
 @tuckercarlson @marksteynonline i agree thats another smoke bomb that the dems and the media have been dropping. t 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @socialismical @lemzia @alimaricielo @foxnews if you continue to smoke  drink and eat excessively and get sick as a 
 all i wanna do is smoke and have good conversation 
 smells like straight up weed in the ct building
 i dated a girl once who smokes  didnt drink water   never worked out and didnt eat vegetables. like whats wrong with you
 why do people take vids of themselves not inhaling the weed smoke
 i need a smoke buddy
 as i said  lies run sprints  but the truth runs marathons. let ignorant people create their own mess. when smoke settles  respond.
 the kansas city people have spoken  and apparently they like the marijuana. im very shook 
 the government isnt worried about weed .. nobody watching you nigga
 anyone wanna smoke with me
 its official put emacs is king on my tinder profile.  right under allergic to cats and smoke 
 gov releases docs outlining proposed changes to square new recreational pot law with law on medical marijuana 
 usf is supposed to be a tobacco free campus yet im sitting here getting cigarette smoke blown in my face pleasestop
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 now im gonna go outside. then im gonna smoke some weed. outta your bag. and this is me doing it. 
 nobody is caping them stealing im just saying he shouldnt have been going that hard over a dime bag of weed
 whomst even made weed illegal
 it almost noon and ive smoked 3 bowls already. roughday positivevibes
 people actually get addicted and suffer withdrawals from coffee and caffeine doesnt happen with weed  
 what idiot called it scoring weed and not potluck
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation troy  oh
 we want all the smoke
 @sausla i heard you smoke mid
 dont let smoke blind your vision with attempts to quell the flames 
 i wish i could smoke cigs in the library
 h3159 new provides an appropriation for the university of florida  medical marijuana efficacy and safety eval... 
 heard a nigga want beef im servin free smoke 
 oh yeah  my weed dealer is a capitalist so i have to put my propaganda away before he gets here 
 cam newton and weed 
 will hillary schieve defend nevada in terms of legal marijuana
 that new special im guessing replaces lightning charge. the one that looks like smokes b21 or mkvsdc flash special
 over some weed get it together black men 
 i can cross watching a bum smoke crack off my bucket list
 sippin a cold one watching a grown man load pounds of bbq chicken in a giant smoker. youre 
 who trying to smoke 
 im sorry but if you vape or smoke on campus  i hate you.
 me do i need to put this herb stuff in the salad mom i mean probably... me it looks like weed... mom wanna smoke it instead
 mowing short may seem like a time saver but it will damage your grass amp weeds have a better chance to grow. lawn 
 my mom said you be all on that weed  that anastasia had you gonnnne huh   that shit really aint no joke 
 okie dokies smokehouse has roots as a food truck  then it grew into a restaurant with delicious bbq. my qampa   
 lord knows i need to smoke so bad i havent relaxed my nerves since 700 this morning
 low key respect the girls who come to the gym in a full smokey eye u do u girl and work it
 free smoke free smoke aye
 why somebody just asked me if i sell weed.. df
 honestly  if a friend smokes you out constantly and you never offer anything in return  ur a shit friend
 nigga that doesnt make weed any less of a drug 
 i waited a good minute for ya girl to be in a pic till i realized you was talking about the weed  
 after | soft texture waves | shadow roots  dimensional smoke steel iced grey balayage melt  
 dad that medical marijuana bill is messed up. youre not allowed to smoke it. what they want you to do look at it
 dont sleep on smokepurpp
 its a thing of beauty.  make weed not war. 
 i need some smoke
 having a expectationvsreality moment with ceasarspizza large smokehouse pizza. 
 i cant stop thinking about drake overdosing on weed
 i hate when dudes got shit to say to females about. you dont smoke gas like stfu
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girls thats all that we do
 he really just rolled the windows down in a convertible to blow the smoke out 
 he blew her memory out of his head like smoke from the lungs. the regret glowed amp faded like the ash on a burning cigarette.  shortpoem
 @ashleyjward drowning. it is the origin of the phrase blow smoke up your ass
 somebody smoke wit ya boy
 @bigbusiness swear i think it was smoke dza that made me go  recently lol
 i want to smoke a dutch so bad rn but i would just be smoking to sleep nd tmro i dont want to wake n bake cuz that kills my late night high
 thanks to weed i finally know what kate bush is
 @nytimes  trump just puts up smoke screens sick man
 repost fingazz843  tbt back to @irishpride534 last year at the @thehorsebc smoke out rally. 
 you can always find the people that light there cigarette with another cigarette that they just smoked at the gas station
 i smoke meth 
 i really dont be wanting to smoke but i feel like id be happier if i did..
 thought i dreamt brooke wika called me in the middle of the night offering me free weed.... it wasnt a dream. 
 i use to smoke swishasss  like a regular nigga. now imma backwood typa nigga.
 dont tell me when i can and cant smoke weed in my own house
 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @fbi where theres smoke.....
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 i forgot what weed looks like. its been a day.
 facts 15.2 of adults in texas smoke...
 ima take your girl then smoke you out
 thursday sipandshop special 50 off smoked sausages @stillmanmeats 5730pm grab a drink  grocery shop  and hide from the rain for a bit.
 @palimun cause he smelt like smoked sausage....
 let me hurry up so i can smoke before i go to school.
 yo i dont smoke weed
  lets go look for some weed and enjoy this 10000000
 pop pop pop like pepsicoke  the best we smoke  plus that tan look like you flew in from mexico
 i didnt smoke before my drawing class and now im crazy tired
 at the cannabis coalition marijuana 101 lunch with congressman @repblumenauer  cannon building room 340.
 how in the world are we going to explain this bizarre moment in marijuana enforcement to our grandchildren 
 tfw your cigarette smoke blows back at you and so does your ash. damn wind
 i need to get back on my shit. spring break fucked me up n i didnt even do anything crazy i was just smoking a lot of weed lol
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 you know how in cartoons theyll have the smoke coming out of their ears when theyre angry yeah thats been me the pst two days
 new cannabis patch treats fibromyalgia amp038 diabetic nerve pain  via @collectiveevol
 you know you smoked too much when you start talking like kourtney kardashian
 how can anyone date someone who smokes cigs 
 i love having the confidence of a weed that got ripped off the grass by some 5 year old and then run over by a lawn mower several times
 ima smoke me a blunt when i get off
 isabella was listing shit and she deadass goes i smoke weed  marijuana  tobacco 
 and need to smoke
 drinking a barley whine by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station  
 for all you cardcarrying cannabisconsuming canuckuckleheads out there. 
 @chuckwoolery more smoke more mirrors more spin its not helping captain. if all else fails  deny  deny  deny a 
 @hasherroth i decided to eat and then smoke  but ill probably eat again... then smoke again 
 @cfammcan jonathan zaid at med cannabis conf to promote patient access to cannabis in a dignified manner stopthestigma medicalcannabis
 idk if im just broke or if i actually have no desire to smoke
 what weed does for others. taking a nap  does for me.
 10 day brined  12 hour hickory smoked corned beef brisket  piled on texas toast with grainy 
 definitely pussy if you would go through that for weed then you gotta a problem lmaooooo 
 yall know i smoke every morning so if anybody wants to match me hit the dm 
 i dont smoke no reggie   i dont smoke no mid im always fuckin high i swear we might have kids
 i need to stop smoking cause when i dont have weed i be acting crazy
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2200 fleet st  send message. 
 @xxxrachelroxxx as u know i already fucked up the whole sobriety thing just no more meth coke or heroin just beer amp weed everyday
 my professors know i smoke weed now 
 ya mcm still smoke javas and you think its cute 
 @sdmercedes why not  how else you going to weed out the fakes
 you cant smoke got it. go away etc .
 atrocious violation of privacy. needs to stop   very scary.  there are other ways. @ hempstead 
 medical marijuana invention combines cannabis with produce 
 i feel that a vast majority of the twitter politicians will stop caring about what d. trump does after weed is legalized in their state.
 im just tryna figure out how this is actually a thing and why is marijuana demonized like why. it literally benefits ppl who are sick.
 uchi team bringing japanese smokehouse to south lamar 
 @loudpvck i been trying to get yall to smoke w me 
 now in stock edibles  lsd  molly  dank weed  and 5 for 80 water bottles. also mix and match color outfits for hal 
 just asked my mom if she wanted to smoke a joint and she said yes 
 i know its double standard cause i smoke lol but when girls are border line alcoholic. hell naw. lol
 some people might think marijuana isnt a big deal  i mean you might kill a bag or doritos but youre not killing anyone prof
 gun  meet smoke. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 123 north ann street baltimore  
 what. the. fuck. kk now whos gonna tweet at me saying this is the same as obama smoking weed when he was younger 
 not many females smoke like i do  where yall at man
 i want to open my own upickutrim weed farm
 i fucking love rihanna  i wanna smoke with her.
 obama weed   red hot chili peppers 
 anyone wanna bring me weed amp tea ill pay you 
 alrighty im out off weed....where do i get more houston houstonsuperbowl sb51
 alright  who has weed
 @poshpacino they know i smoke so they prob think im selling a ton
 @sassyspy i know you arent a fan but they do have a very profitable business. traditionally not the defn of smokemirrors 
 my dad wants me to go to rehab because i smoke weed.
 we all smoke its okay 
 now where is gary johnson supposed to buy his weed this is bullshit bodegastrike
 been a while since i smoked someone in the truck
 the weed gone we morn at night
 everything  literally everything i own smells like marijuana lol
 alright real shit im just trynna smoke
 trail smoke eaters are open for business. renos completed on phase 1 of work on office space. trailsmokeeaters 
 folo brett along on his marijuana reporting journey in hellam 
 @imyourkid ...was hoping bong appetit would show viewers more about how to do this yourself  expand cannabis to ppl who dont smoke  but...
  alex jones smoking weed
 femies always wanna smoke for da free...better hit yo knees before u hit this tree u aint put in green  
 yall getting yall tax money just come n invest n sum weed lol
 lvfr no smoke alarms inside vegas apartment during deadly fire. 
 somebody sell me some fuckin dope i been workin all day wit no smoke 
 buffalo shrimp tacos with smoked bacon and blue cheese  via @mrdodd16
 ampamp smoke 
 @2savy amp said do you smoke boy what  get out of my textssssss
  didnt walk a mile for a carmel  found these classic cigerites comercials on you tube  and never smoked by the way
 me and babe r clingy af  we smoke @ the same time when we arnt  together so we can be baked @ the same time so 1 dont feel left out  
 drinking a smoked porter by @alaskanbrewing at @georgesouthside   photo
 ive smoked my last cigarette at least a thousand times i bet  ill keep quittin til it sticks
 we fucking get it..u smoke. i dont wanna see 100 snaps a day of u lighting a blunt  snapping at 420pmam  or dabbing. we fucking get it.
 finna go home roll up smoke and ko after i just pulled this double at work
 sometimes when i smoke i forget a lot of shit especially shit dealing with some bullshit or mfs not listening to me
 @zamoravalentin5 ahhh i see  never smoked none of that  or smoked in general
 so bitch  lets fuck so i can smoke again i gotta smoke again i got shit to do
 john mayer will always make me feel like a raw bitch.....like smoke a cigarette in the house type shit. fml.
 coworker  do you like dominos me  jordan  i smoke weed. of course i like dominos
 turns out god was mistaken when she came up with the idea of the cannabis plant. but i am glad the us federal government to rectify it. wtf
 my soul mate gotta smoke weed or she not my soul mate
 never knew about the millerspencer connection. where theres smoke.... 
 i think i could smoke snoop under the table. willy might give a challenge but rest assured i could toast him too. drugs are all im good at
 i wish i could smoke while i work i would never complain lol
 andrews takin me on a smoke ride first thing this morning bless 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   charleston  wv
 moppf @jasonholsman and i may not agree on pdmp details but sounds like we are in sync on marijuana laws 
 @bleacherreport shaq wouldve smoked him
 smoke or no smoke. decisions
 @deahq i dont think you have any right to highlight getting smart about drugs while you still have marijuana as a schedule 1 drug
 bbq its whats for dinner. brisket ribs pork dinnerdate tailgate @ smoke modern barbeque 
 sf526 new palmer amaranth and other invasive noxious weeds elimination program authorization and appropriation 
 when the kings of the earth who committed adultery with her and shared her luxury see the smoke of  . . . 
 amp she tryna smoke with me thats lit
 im miserable and starving and i have no weed but ya know if anyone wants to hangout after 630 when i get released from hell lemme know
 and im far from cheap i smoke sumn wit my peeps all day
 lmfaoo called death  i heard all the cigarette smokers say the same thing how it makes your drunkness rise and you 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3904 woodlea ave  send message. 
 just here to get off my chest that my friend came over my house  and she saw my bong wasnt clean and low on weed she never texted me again
 i dont think we should introduce marijuana to the game of football. should nfl players smoke pot just one que f 
 @thetommoore always do. fuggin smokers 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 what do you wanna smoke
 order your slow smoked @calicomfort take out orders early on sunday for sb51   we will also be 
 yes  i smoke weed  get high whenever i have it but u honestly dont kno what i been through so dont judge me
 dude giving a presentation in class has frosted tips and spelled marijuana marihauna
 met the cutest gay guy at work amp were supposed to meet up to smoke at 8 
 bryce hempel checks in
 rewatching weeds yasssss
 happy birthday bro  smoke some later ill roll a few woods  @miguelitoo8
 @willwatson yall still do outkaw watch parties at smokeampbarrell
 eh  not for me  but its not bad.  drinking a creekside smoked rye pale ale at @msrosesfinefood  
 i may have to smoke early @ohioganja @freedom2offend
 one of my favorite customers enjoying our smoked chicken yummybarbecue 
 when your mom smokes hookah with you for the first time gt
 in a baccwood chillin with his smoked ass 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend.
 alright who wants to go see the chain smokers with me
 pussy money weed
 @coltingrider no but second hand smoke
 bag full of weed and a bottle of crown apple   tonight gonna be interesting
 who allowed this girl to smoke the marijuanas  
 its been written in these i am teachings that marijuana is evil amp blasphemes i feel that black magic amp fanaticism secretly inserted some of
 my boss has his whole restaurant smelling like weed  sharing is caring
 codeine crazy is the best song to smoke and drank to on a late night drive
 never have anyone to smoke with lol
 i stole my roommates weed because i wanted to i guess
 wish i had someone to smoke w here im tired of smoking by myself lol
 hm i sent haley a pic of my eyes too and she said i look friedlike no i dont smoke i just cant ever sleep
 someone smoke w me my family is knocked w sloppy lmao
 first ima smoke dis blunt.
 mannnnn lemme smoke .... idk why but this shit kinda got me slight irked 
 wow  i really came home and smoked and fell my ass asleep hard amen
 if you guys come over do you guys want to like mess around after we smoke haha like astral project n stuff
 @younow @hunterrowland @sanniofficial @maxandharvey @imgmodels @chasehill @glitter4ever17 @souljaboy so weed is a loud now hypocrite
 factcheckasong  he was a joker and a smoker.  but he was a midnight broker.  you know  to take advantage of the asian markets and such.
 these babies get marinated for 5 days  smoked  grilled and sliced thin to make our marconi street beef sandwich. 
 shouldve smoked 2 blunts before bed and you  wouldve been still sleep lol 
 in honor of one of our favorite farmers amp pizza makers we made our smoked pepperon this week. we 
 music to smoke and ride to 
 anybody wanna buy this urban decay naked smokey palette i have 
 yall smoke cali bud one time in your life then have the audacity to call everything else mids
 im stuck of them weed brownies wtf
 superbowl prep started saturday morning with a big hunk of pig. smoke a boston before we smoke boston.  riseup 
 like he was a backwood well smoke shorty
 common kings  license to smoke 
 she pop x i smoke os   tic tac toe
 everytime i think about this i have to smoke a cig
 i hate being broke and out of weed
 i heard houston weed men still sleep...lol
 how is weed gonna help you. how are drugs ever going to help you.
 neither   but smoke ig 
 really wanted to smoke before work. 
 our awesome hall guide thanks eliza   many thanks to the art club at hempstead high for the 
 i really want to go and smoke. like i want to be out of there where i wont be thinking about any of this
 im at rollin smoke barbeque in las vegas  nv 
 nike air force 1 07 lv8 718152 017 smokey bluesmokey blue 100 size 813 available now to order call 51374494444 
 i just smoked a blunt with ur gf
 we want you in on the action  going fast. call n order  house smoked buffalo wings 5.99 12 doz  11.99 doz  fiv 
 .@wforadio holy smokes @leahpritchetttf hit my prediction in testing of 3.65. im going to have to update my predic 
 cbd oil helps with the fight against cancer. marijuana should have been legalized years ago.
 factcheckasong that yellow submarine you keep claiming we all live in yeah its a damn school bus .maybe cut down on the weed before class
 why do i not have friends to smoke with 
 fire  jupiter  pbcfr units onscene of a working fire in a garage at a residence  mullin st jupiter heights  flames amp smoke showing
 you know where me and the homies gonna be at every sunday come smoke with us  driipdriip420710 
 and smoke after lol
 may stop by the smoke shop since my party bowl broke last night
 i hate people who act like theyre weed experts  like they grew that shit themselves  stfu and smoke it.
 how man of your friends all the sudden wanna hangout with you when they find out you have weed 
 the worlds longest afternooooooonoutdoorsnationaltrustconchservation @ philosophy smokehouse 
 you sound like a 75 year old that smoked for 100 years @jjones55brewers
 i wanna smoke but im @ some family function help
 bottle of fresh water wedged in my asscrack. seeking thirsty spelunker. smokesignal me. apocalypsepersonalads
 surprise weed candy donation. surprise early bedtime stay tuned...
 wanna see what happens when you sit in an enclosed room while two mfs hitting the weed  
 @nipame how you gonna smoke in front of my house lol
 campchef. smoked wings @ boonsboro  maryland 
 works @ red white and que smokeshack in scotch plains  nj 
 after i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you. 
 realized recently how akin hair artistry amp cannabis industries are in the awesome people they attract. cannabis girlswhosmoke
 my room smells like weed and mcdonalds.....
 so whos tryna drink smoke have good time tonight .
 guess ill just smoke some more weed n play xbox.... bored. feel free to hmu..
 real smokey vibe
 nowsmoking @dcrossier selection512 campana  tasty... such a great smoke. slow burn  solid 
 burlington st e fire on scene with smoke in loading bays 
 @everlylo lmao shit i guess so  too bad we cant smoke one more time together before you get clean 
 my roommates in the living room n all im tryna do is smoke n spin some records my guy smh
 i dont need anyone but i mean a man who knows how to chill and smoke would be cool
 when the weedman skimp you 
  you gotta be on some down low shit to be getting free weed  
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 takin weed man applications
 who got extra tickets hml well link and smoke a couple xan blunts 
 me and my cat mo are gonna smoke this bowl and call it a night
 i have a margarita  my makeup is beautiful  my cat is here  the weed is loud. i am truly living
 rolled a fat ass blunt but nobody to smoke it wit
 its happening now....i need weed 
 they said skin routine and she said no just weed and dick lmaoooo
 were making a cheesy bacon dip for a super bowl party. its kosher. say what smoked soy beans
 as long as aw shucks  just smoke a blunt amp everything will be fine  yall white boy roy isnt concerned  i guess 
 sometimes i like to chill homie   sometimes i like to smoke
 i wanna go here   smoke a l where hes standing and have a hot large cup of hot chocolate  
 i need to smoke.
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 16 east fort avenue baltimore  tr 
 when u think u find good friends but they only wanna hang out to smoke
 can wait to smoke this super bowl
 @lophiile and smoke like a chimney.
  meet my best friend @texaspete and watch him permeate this dish with cayenne flavor prior to getting smoked 
 getting ready for the super bowl smoked chicken wings and more 
 get rid of the weed   ion even smoke anymore.  im not leavin 2k  or booty   and wings are  so. easy choice. 
 i make way too much money to smoke crack  
 we smoke @ least a 35 everyday lmao wow
 i have a z wave smokefire detector in the hallway now.  if my house in on fire  i should get an alert on my phone.
 @racingwithbruno great call on white smoke  he would have cleared by 5 lengths if he broke well. readtheworks
 @iaff2800 @acfdpio @lincolnacfd any idea whats up w ballston arlington power outage see smoke too. @wtop
 @potus please at least consider. regardless of your stance on cannabis it is clear in ca amp wa are raising major tax . how will we pay
 still no weed friendly places for me to watch the game sooooo
 i wish iwent out bc then i would have been able to smoke a apple bong i hate living
 it bothers me that people smoke cigarettes within the context of photography for aesthetic
  talking about ill smoke some 
 the fight was worth it dallasparks smoke free @dallasparkrec 
 @tribesociety hey did you guys ever pick a winner for the video sharing contest on fb for smoke out the window
 niggas be looking like smoked out crackheads damn drug addicts.
 @xxxrickyricardo i think its cos i smell like weed lmaoo
 chiefs qb len dawson enjoying a smoke and a fresca at halftime of super bowl i in 1967 at the la coliseum. chiefs l 
 @adamruebenbeach became my celebrity crush immediately after i watched smoke signals
 i dont even spend money on weed no morebig weight took off my shoulders
 thanks for screwing with my diet b.t.s smokehouse gopats 
 @chiamorgan no. this was a smokescreen to cover some of the recent news
 i wonder what the refs smoked before this game 
 wings getting kissed by the smoke of pellets. traegerbowl51 
 lady gaga is a total smoke show superbowlsunday ladygaga 
 that was so good holy smokes @ladygaga
 when breza tells the whole sesh theyre about to smoke a whole bowl each 
 holy smokes she killed it pepsihalftime 
 had to step outside and take me a smoke break.
 edelman holy smokes
 the best thing to happen to lagerette blount was getting caught with weed in his car with leveon bell
 i need to smoke like right now
 eyes low  blowing smoke  need a driver man even though its against the rules  let me smoke man
 cant sleep and i need to smoke a bowl buttt all the boys are sleeping and im out of weed
 hope this wasnt for me . if you and money youll be able to buy your own weed 
 told mack how upset i was and needed weedus  this angel had a blunt waiting for me by the time i got here.
 @jasonkander wow. @gehrig38 seems to have not reviewed the video on his opponent. he just got smoked.
 smoke my weed and mind my business 
 i spend a lot of time by myself amp with my weed 
 they were like  oooh  ouch  then weed.
 duhh weed 
 is it bad to smoke with my retainer in
 can it be 12 already so i can smoke this fire ass tree  .
 smoking weed under star projectors i guess well never know what harvard gets us
 i hit that weed and tried to watch drstrange mane i damn near lost my mind when that bitch threw his ass threw space 
 yo  this marijuana juice hella lit  b. deadass. im finna be schleeeeeep.
 vegas weed different  
 anyone wanna smoke a blunt
 aka someone take my shift  i wanna smoke weed and sleep lol
 i wana smoke a fatty amp nap till tomorrow
 thelastcall the one when phil explained handling bees like women by blowing a little smoke up them was classic.
 niggas dont want smoke 
 @cnn   make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message msg
 accepting new friends who smoke way more than drink   play video games  who wants to do fun shit and is respectful of relationships 
 all i smoke is killa 
 @freeboostpromo the contrast of our time nuclear promotion and marijuana prohibition. free ebook 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 27002718 eastern avenue baltimore  
 nails  smoke  then library 
 3 days no weed bruh. think im getting withdrawals lol
 drink amp smoke
 you definitely can not cover up your cigarette smoke w perfume. like it doesnt work. like stop.
 i need a bestfriend  i can smoke grams with everyday 
 nothin wrong wit a little reefer 
 i still cant at oomf lying about being high and then googling weed pics to post 
 the professional and happy smoker  
 ...and we  in scicomm  edit to let the fire of science show through the smoke. paraphrased from arthur plotnik 
 professional   i  weed   and the happy smoker  
 oil gas  a super bowl party  and a 12foottall meat smoker 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1201 sargeant street baltimore  send message. 
 done for the day time to smoke big dope
 smoke then gym or gym then smoke 
 i fucking hate 30 min breaks like how the fuck am i supposed to go to taco bell and starbucks and smoke a cigarette and enjoy my food
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoke
 123 genes changed on exposed to cigarette smoke  compared to only two genes  following exposure to ecigarette aerosols. genetic eng. news
 jus tryin lay up and watch netflix and smoke and eat. my blinds closed ion even wanna see the city. 
 if ya plug asking for weed  you jus needa new plug
 debating whether i should smoke my blunt before class starts
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch.
 dropped my bag of weed somewhere in portland.. youre welcome to whoever smokin on dat gas pack
 need some smokes like now
 @atristen im down to smoke later just text me 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfir
 i smoke pressure
 who want smoke wit me in ball i really dont lose
 need weed 
 really like weeds on netflix very intriguing  recommend 1010
 toughen up  cochren. this is a smokers lounge. day cares on the first floor.
 when the weedman gives you a little more than you asked for 
 dear @bachelorabc  can you please weed out the wannabe instafamous women next time around thank youuu
 i miss being a smoker bc now i have no excuse to go outside and be alone for several minutes
 once you are an undercover  sometimes you have info you wanna share but you cant just share it with anyone  else theyll smoke you out.
 dick cheney smoker softenabadguy @midnight
 3 out of 5 smokers die 
 lil peep  smokepurp  hoodrich pablo jaun these niggas sound like facebook names 
 im trynna smoke
 free smoke anybody want it they can get it no joke
 blazing og  ion smoke no fucking purple haze
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed the whip 
 see our latest barnesville  ga job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 @lebatardshow @stugotz790 @michaelryanruiz @gregcote could blow cigar smoke at the camera.
 meanwhile  jeff sessions is nominated for atourney general  which poses a threat to minority rights everywhere. also can rollback legal weed
 i aint buying weed from mfs that show no respect.
 @marcorubio see  you dont have to smoke herb to vote yes its much less mentally debilitating than alcohol amp no violent agressive behavior
 this feels like a day to just smoke with good company and listen to good music in the hotbox
 niggas will pull up w a g talking bout ima smoke you out then give you head  boy if you dont get
 at 800 am  4 sw weed siskiyou co  ca trained spotter reports heavy rain of 2.31 inch mfr 
 big papi has cigars i need to smoke his and ray lewis 
 @dja2113 i cant smoke.
 hamilton police bust another medical marijuana dispensary.  hamont 
 i love unt lmfao there can be a sign that says no smoking and someone will smoke right infront of that sign
 livepd is actually worth a watch. its white privilege on national display. blacks jailed n mistreated for weed. whites w meth released.
 we love smokey 
 i smoked crazy last night
 @leskiddit take yo ass to the hospital so you dont die and can keep blessing us with that fire weed
 no i dont drink wine but i smoke purple grape 
 id smoke a j with her
 a cudi with weed is a cudi indeed
 why havent i smoked with my bff  before class 
 whos trying to come binge watch the travel and cooking channel with me on this couch and smoke weed while i procrastinate on music 
 breakfast and then weed
 well if youve been true  you better look me in the eye  cause all i smell is cheap perfume amp gin amp smoke amp lies
 did i just imply that smokers are dumb and cant follow simple instructions yes  yes i so did. why the fuck would they be smoking otherwise
 @jenellromero  marshalls in smokey point by costco it was only 11 
 to go smoke or to not go smoke 
 its too pretty outside not to smoke on this beautiful day
 just learned that my dad grows weed  mind blown
 @frelsworking so every women likes an abusive weed dealer  k.
 playing classic hiphop at oregons first cannabis bowling tournament. shouts to @dailyleafdeals
 bruh if yall go to weedmaps and see the deals... how is 3 8ths for 100 a deal  bitch u getting finessed like fuckkkkk
 one girl sitting in front of me is crunching on her food  and the other kid that just sat down smells like pure smoke
 all i smoke is killer yo bitch look like thriller
 driving thru manteca and there was a guy walking down the sidewalk w a sign and from far away i didnt think that it would read need weed
 @troyholder @therealjmachado @toddstanley316 two smoke folife twosmokeswillgetyouhome
 change yo @ name maam you dont even inhale when you smoke. thanks. 
 mango with a hint of weedgt 
 rather smoke with my grandma
 great mascot smokey the bear  terrible mascot betsy devops
 just smoke your fucking bowl  i need the bong 
 all these mofos smoking weed while working. lol
 my purse smells like soooo much weed its like i blew smoke in there.
 is it bad i wanna rob my weed man bc he admitted to shorting me 4grams and gave the shit back on my next pick up he 2nice i dont like it
 promise to bring dat smoke to any nigga dat diss ya
 mr. lurk is a smoker guys
 need to smoke one more blunt then call it a day 
  lol havent seen you in forever  youre funny af amp we should smoke one day  cause i didnt then 
 exhale great cannabis and let your mind elevate  designerhighdenver wheresthefun 
 are you a smoker 
 niggas smoke a lil weed get a lil glock amp think they big meech
 there are so many opportunities opening up to learn more about cannabis. this one definitely seems truly unique 
 @tiouririne @dmataconis @popehat sometimes lawyers pause breathe amp count to 10 to avoid screaming did you smoke a bowl b4 we started
 home after 7 in denver. stash is dry walkingdistance shops are closed. first world weed problems.
 im tryna smoke man 
 @maddowblog  gimme a break next time pocahontas @senwarren is using smoke signals
 jeffsessions is backward on marijuana. he once advocated for the death penalty for marijuana dealers. beg your sen 
 i be wanting to smoke amp cuddle but 
 no one ever believes me when i tell them i dont smoke.. its disgusting and id die.
 when you walk in your room and it smells kinda like weed. but you know it wasnt you at all. and you dont have any either 
 this is how ive been weeding out annoying people in my life lately. great meme. 
 my uber driver tryna sell me a weed vaporizer lmao
 sometimes bathroom art is dead on accurate...love is all you weed.  bringing you the best 
 @tonctc @goddamnhelp ton you aint smoking weed no more fam
 im so blunt you could smoke my truth
 ive become too lazy to smoke... damn
 are my neighbors smoking into the fucking vent because my bathroom smells like weed
 @notoenergyeast i knew sum1 with good weed that i trusted  bt nt the case  im pretty cautious abt stuff. whatev.
 my brother really called me 4 times woke me up just so i could go sit in the car with him while he smoked
 karla and i keep finding tiny pieces of weed stuck onto our notebooks ahah
 @cnnbrk and there r so many girls that dont have jobs and will take the money .. to blow and blow smoke into the white boys lungs...a kiss.
 i wish i had a wrap rn to smoke this bag 
 if ur hungry smoke
 i wish i had someone who would be down to smoke with me at all hours of the night.
 like worm told smokey its the principal
 accident  right lane blocked in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb at hempstead tpk  stop and go traffic back to sunrise hwy traffic
 who can drop the least amount of weed while rolling a joint  lesserknownroadtripgames
 where the kush smoke
 everywhere that we go they say nothing that we cant smoke
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  keep sharing
 @weedmanhippy @peteinpitt @benmaller @dannygradio @eddieonfox @hdog317  @realjohngii thanx weedman hippster hippy@anlovd u my brother
 in the morning  rollin weed next to da coffee pot
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1137 nanticoke street baltimore  send message. 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 smoking weed in new jeans  good day
 @gdpenman so how did you come up with the concept of smoke city
 twitters going to start weeding out abusive tweets before you see them. 
 just wanna sit at a beach amp smoke a blunt
 he had his left arm around the mans throat holy smokes they were some other call i would debate b4 that one 
 @deplorablemelis you can be sure lieawatha warren will be trying to send smoke signals and throwing spit balls while in time out.
 cmon boys  smokes  lets go.
 im just so glad that baby didnt get smoked  ned yost
 every time i walk pass this boy he calls me smokey  like whyyy
 sitting at the dr amp all i can smell is reefer i dont even got any on me shit  i didnt even smoke yet today..oh wait..i did..nvm..
 garcias @univisionnews for interviewing us about medical cannabis. 
 my violet flame smoke is evolving. what do you think i added simplesyrup from my favorite 
 @code3spices ribs ready for the smoker. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app 
 for this weeks edition of weird stuff i have in my car...2 loaves of bread  4 dry erase boards  a small dinner plate  2 smoke detectors
 ill smoke someone out to take me to work 
 african americans never reset their smoke alarm batteries
 i remember when weed was like underground hip hop ... it was hard to get and it was good all the time
 my grinder fell out my purse ampbubbs grabs it and says mom here the thing for ya smoke 
 i just wanna go to a pretty view  smoke one  amp have a conversation with somebody 
 amsterdam is now pouring humboldt brown hemp ale and irresistible amber ale  at amsterdam lounge 
 if you smoke reggie coo   im not judgmental but if you tryna match reggie you gotta gtf out my face
 get cash  get cash amp then go smoke i be on another level  get cash   get cash amp then go smoke she was smoking with the devil
 this dude needs to smoke a bowl with his alternativefacts. ps jake  at least idiot stoners are so defensive amp h 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 i dont smoke those things 
 great day to smoke some weed
 fav collab 1. sour soul ghostface killah amp badbadnotgood 2. prhyme royce da 59 amp dj premier 3. dont smoke rock smoke dza amp pete rock
 stop smoking weed cause my tolerance is to high or become m
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 401499 s patterson park ave  
 lol nigga dont wanna match  girl  another nigga will. and hell most certainly smoke you down.
 yeah bitch i smoke vor e  do you even smoke vore  high off that vore  faded off that good vore  roll that vore
 tonights offthemenuwednesdays special from the kitchen  smoked duck and cheese stuffed 
 chicken and double smoked bacon rotini  all tossed in a creamy alfredo sauce  served with a starter caesar salad  18.99
 i smoke too much i be outta breath when i go up some stairs
 i go from i love you and i aint never gonna stop loving you to.....fuck around and get smoked nigga wtf is wrong with me haha
 currently tryna finesse me a smoke out 
 @rextillersonsos @realdonaldtrump are they issuing visas or whatever that might harm potus weed them out now 
 i need some grass. weed men in belair sucks like where do yall be hiding  yall dont want no money
 if ya smoke  get ya own kush dont hit ah nigga blunt 
 i cant tell you the last time i smoked anything  im doing good 
 yo i got some weed..... its my nigga adam sandler over here. nigga we know who you is drug dealer talking to pete
 i smoke to ease the pain 
 yeah were just a chill family  i smoke a lot of bud dad i babysit for ... thought i left boulder ...
 when you remember your cousin is the weed man  but he stay all the way in richmond .
 smoke two joints before i smoke two joints then i smoke two more
 @poncholozanog @troyaikman elway you must be from denver and weed is legal 
 hoping i get a snow day with my babe and weed. oh its gonna be gooood   @robertleehadley
 sure i pour a little more jack in my coke now. a little more high and when i smoke now.
 can girls like stop trying to sell weed... please lol
 i kind of love the weed decision. its just so  whats the word  idiotic. 
 my dad bout to sit next to me stinking of weed
 i dont smoke weed to feel cool smoking it.. i smoke because amp not to sound clich but it calms down my anxieties  nerves  amp depression.
 free smoke in 8ball 
 as much weed i use to smoke back in the day i never thought about cooking with it i couldve the best of both worlds bongappetit
 hed never had west coast weed and ive never had denmark weed but we all felt strongly about our homegrown weed
 not my favorite dante beer but very interesting. smokey  light... fumare barrel aged batch 2 
 i only smoke that turbo cuz
 both  mostly smoker 
 mmmmmmm marijuana and video game the life of a boy
 still straight with the weed and the liquor these days.
 come smoke in hell wit me 3
 right after i smoke  ima cut this naruto on and its the o
 @truckerdm 4 door. but blandford also said he had 810 beers that night amp smoked weed. up to jury to decide if it was the same truck
 i need some weed 
 smells like weed and perfume in my room rn suspicious
 my roommates smoke this bihh out everyday ..
 you look like u smell like weed
 neck gone be cold real soon  while my weed fire like a fever.
 when she likes stoners and asks if you smoke. 
 someone smoke with me
 think i wanna smoke 
 someone come smoke with me
 if she got chest tats  she smokes black n milds
 @atlhawks hawks smoke the nuggets hawksheadline
 you smoke da dope baby 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3922 west garrison avenue baltimore 
 use your cd to break weed see nigga we dont feel yall i made an oath to turn yall to ghosts  time to kill yall
 one like and ill smoke a bowl this morning
 wish i had a blunt right now.. id smoke it amp go right back to sleep.
 someone make a dispensary run with me and lets smoke 
 @wsj free ebook a marijuana mystery set in mendocino. 
 smoke all my weed yesterday  now i have to go to class sober
 dude next to me smells like straight weed  are you kidding me. im wearing a black benie and black sweater. its not me.
 @bleiby527 not my thing. i will be happy just sending out the true criminals as soon as they can weed them out. for everyones safety
 how do people like reds these smell like mold and taste like stale exhaust smoke
 @michaelsuddard @octranspo where theres smoke theres. a mechanical issue and certainly not fire
 your mcm smokes swishers 
 mom why dont you hide it me i keep weed in my medical cabinet because well  its medicine amp im not ashamed. you dont hide alcohol.
 sessions and trump will intensify the war on drugs including marijuana. look for sessions to crack down on states that have legalized
 i never smoked weed but that is weird
 just posted a photo @ 2m smokehouse amp catering 
 perus government proposes to legalize medicinal marijuana  abc news    peru medicalmarijuana
 i smoke 2 joints in the morning i smoke 2 joints at night i smoke 2 joints in the afternoon it makes me feel all right
 colorado marijuana sales  licenses increase in the first half of 2016  via @denverwestword colorado money weed
 testkitchen special @theredhot today luca brasi smoked pork meatball sandwich tacoma craftbeer meatballs 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 this assignment about weed is supposed to be 12 pages but its gonna be like 5 
 @soldierlovesme  @policelover22  he smoken hot but taken ladies his mine .. i love him so much
 i will never smoke a cigarette 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   augusta  ga
 we dont count the same cash or smoke the same weed.
 @caitlinlohse @cloudn9nesyrup too bad i cant smoke 
 border patrol agents confiscated 4 000 pounds of marijuana hidden in a shipment of limes from mexico  would a wall have prevented
 anybody thats viewing this got smoke wanna throw hands dont like me speak up now and we can arrange some shit . all this blind hating and
 uh yes. i could out smoke the dogg @snoopdogg 
 all these young teens wanna do is smoke and drink 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   ashtabula  oh
 holy smokes  that was a lot of info from @outsmarts members will get the slide deck in our private facebook group. ewnvan ewomennetwork
 i had an idea but ima just eat first then come back and smoke about it.   also i cleaned my drawing table lmao
 id love to see them in a match. lesnar would probably smoke lashley in a fight 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 jacket smell like smoke  they irritating
 i like to drink  she likes to smoke  they like to preach about things they dont know.
 had to take a smoke break so i could watch tuesdays newest episode of @taboofx 
 bro i wasnt gonna smoke before class but will showed me the time was 420 so i took a fat ass dab 
 i go through wayyy too much to just smoke it away that dont cope shit no more i been smokin frfr
 man i love when my niggas call me to smoke 
 @rachelinem holy smokes.
 @ezraklein can weeds pod break down differences between 2017 amp 2009 movements through lens of financial crisis v candidate crisis
 stop for the night. @ pilot travel center  @pilotflyingj in weed  ca 
 high on legal marijuana
 them you need to stop smoking weed  me 
 oh nah im crying i gotta smoke so i can cheer up
 what are the best cannabis strains for meditation | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 me as fuck smokes before going to smoke with the squad
 damn la 61... smoked bos 52 smoked
 the trump administration doesnt appear to be slowing investment in the marijuana industry 
 i just ate some weed chips and i guess am getting high right now
 im going to watch thats 70s show and smoke aaaaa joint
 wpial rifle 201617 1st place individual  jordan miller of hempfield with 20019x5c @jmiller787 @hasdathletics 
 tough l so i gotta smoke one
 if chris asks me one more time if i smokevape or drink i will riot. i have told you twice already stop asking
 i swear this weed was mixed with a little crack cause im feeling like wanda from holiday heart  right now
 make sure to check out ngaios show on cannabis radio. its a bag of awesome 
 i just want a cute guy who will smoke and nap all day with me 
 nowplaying the old schoolnew school smokers double play rick james mary jane amp @youngb215 so high
 lmao you just catching me on a day where i wanna smoke . nice try pa
 made in s.a. on the road new braunfels smokehouse celebrates 71 years of hickory smoked meats. 
 sex drive is back amp crazy... and now now appetite is gone ... smh ... now what can i do after sex i dont smoke 
 on lunch breaks all i do is go take a break of life and smoke
 going to do another giveaway soon weed stash zipper pouch sponsored by reason clothing stay tuned for details  
 .@mfaulkner43 weed we treat much like alcohol...    rdaily rlive 
 these sorry goat humping bastards in tehran need a icbm launched right up their ass when the smoke cleared they wo 
 i woke up so a whole bunch of smoke and went back to sleep
 ugh yall come up here sheeesh we need a smoke sess 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1003 w 38th st  violation notice outstanding. 
 meditation conversation and a lil marijuana
 @cherylshuman hey cheryl what does your perfect cannabis event look like
 montrose smells like reggie weed im gonna throw up
 jahlil tokafor only smoke big blunts
 lots of smoke today from rx burns. for more info  
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 holy hempola naturally organic hemp from mettrumoriginals is now available on freshspoke 
 best song to roll up and smoke a few to  
 lol thats the weed talking
 taste like a mix between a pilsner and pale  drinking a samuel adams hopscape @ smoke on the water   photo
 i want a front seat show and a smokey bar with drink specials all night 
 @johnmgennaro holy smokes that is the gunman himself ahahahaha 
 i havent smoked any tobacco since wednesday and it feels weird. fucknicotinewithdrawals
 cause youre the cigarette and im the smoker
 california seeks advisers on marijuana rules 
 looks like weed flowers 
 if u smoke dutch masters u might as well smoke those 3 for a dollar jackpots blunts. u dirty little fiend
 i know this is a smoking bar. but i regret giving my mom amp sister persmission to smoke at the table. 
 smoke some weed. get some ice cream or something. chit chat. 
 @dpez48532 you going smoke 
 psa you dont have to tell me i smell like weed every time you see me  i smoke gas obviously ima smell 
 sos the bus im on rn smells like weed  mcdonalds french fries  and cheap ass strong ass body spray. im gonna hurl 
 i know you dont smoke weed i know this but im gonna get yall high today cuz its friday u aint got no job and u aint got shit to do
 its been 8 months since the last time i smoke a cigarette 
 lean amp weed tn.
 check out my latest video and get a rare crew color and patriot tire smoke  gtaonline gtav xboxone ps4
 how you turnt every weekend  big bottles amp weed. always tryna kick it but yo kids be dusty amp you have nothing in your name priorities baby.
 i believe ill smoke any woman on this tl when it comes to cookin
 kitchen clean bout to get me a bubble bath  smoke one and call it a night 
 the irony of how they try to blame weed for ppl going to jail meanwhile.. 
 just wanna know if the parents of the girl who lives next to me know theyre paying tuition for her to smoke in her room all day
 ugh i smoke cloves and go to backyard shows sorry mom i just need some money for my expensive hip urban apartment 
 gotta hotbox cause tay want me smoke in the room
 this past week has made me wish i still smoked hella weed
 dominos pizza  beer    amp smoke . couldnt be a better night.
 we doesnt get me high  knowledge does. weed just helps me sleep and eat when humanity ruins my appetite and circadian rhythms.
 @siennamorgan1 blackberry smokes waiting for the thunder cover by sienna morgan  via @youtube
 hate when i cant find weed
 lowkey not tryna smoke alone  tryna enjoy this dope with a gook
 such a high honor to be in your presence. thank you for your kind words and love love you smokey youre simply 
 gw pharmaceuticals is set to benefit as cannabis takes on cancer  via @thestreet
 shit that weed is good
 god probably smoked weed  its alright
 anyone wanna come over and smoke 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 pussy money weed 
 idgaf better smoke amp calm ya nerves.
 @cannabisbiznews @diversified420 @ibtimes i smoke more than all of man. woman. and fire combined
 @barta57 good article surprisingly we have a senior finance leader who takes multiple smoke breaks daily wonder if he considers this comp
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 .@berniesanders @hollyeidinger 2 million people since 1981 have permanently lost right to vote due to marijuana convictions. legalize
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 @fragilewreck i to believe they are not all the same i also believe we need this temporary ban to weed the bad ones out
 i told my brother i was sad this mf goes amp smokes me tf ouuut last night
 to sick to go out and start the truck on wed. so im charging the battery today. midas  you can keep your smoke and those internationals.
 but fuck allat sap shit. we smoke the emotion away
 if her house doesnt smell like weed at 940 and breakfast at 10  dont wife her.
 i am ugly.. rememebr i am the cute one.. abraxas who comes is.. afk buying weed 
 i live by little rock  ar and i think my variety of lawn weed is all of them.  small flowering plants of every variety. @photodm
 my head hurts and i need weed 
 rather smoke some waxxx
 finna go home and smoke 
 keeping marijuana away from children is still one of the most important considerations. 
 mom in middle school i looked out true bus and saw a guy with a rolled up marijuana cigarette me you mean a joint
 mfs smoked a 7 last night in one blunt
 chicken sausage  venison merlot  chicken chipotle  smoked duck with apple brandy and lamb 
 did you ask him if hes was high on cannabis  
 people will no longer hate those who dont need marijuana because of those who do need marijuana once science becomes the new religion.
 i be thinking way too deep into my life when i smoke. i gotta get my shit together.
 yall is this that old nigga thats talmbout smoking weed to survive 
 sea smoke today...on casco baywinterfrigidtemps cascobay portandmaine iloveportlandmaine 
 tryna smoke and design today but everything is blocking me 
 bro my cousin stole sum of my weed ion even want any now
 @daveweigel   available in black  pitchblack  jet black  ink  dark smoke  predator mud  and stygian. free delivery before pressers.
 wheres the weed  in the beer false advertising
 we gon wake up n smoke us a blunt n fuck
 can you reuse your weed needle after you inject a weed or 2
 trynna smoke n go watch fifty shades darker tonight
 bae donut bacon and egg | sweet potato cake| smoked coffee maple  chefsinspiringchefs 
 guess ill go to smokey bones
 just wanna be off work so i can smoke a fat ass blunt 
 me after not smoking weed for months and doing a small dab 
 my whole mood change when i get some weed
 people talk about runners high  and im like  why dont you just smoke or get a cocktail its the same feeling
 im tryna smoke
 i havent smoked in a while and now im craving a cigarette 
 dab rig  burn de oil  chain smoke  turkish royal
 i need an 8th of weed like right now
 i dont kno y people think they can come by empty handed  record for free  drink amp smoke my shit and get my quality work too. thats crazy 
 im a healthy kid   i smoke broccoli
 every bih tinder bio about pets weed or tattoos
 when ur stressed n sad n wanna smoke but u cant bc ur sick 
 @staceyaurelia you know me my answer to everything is to smoke lol
 amp then wonder why i wanna smoke weed lmao. prime example .
 friend passes me l nahhhh im good i dont smoke da weeeds prefusely dabs
 i cannot wait to go home change and smoke the fattest bowl ever 
 i kinda wanna be fat tonight and just smoke   eat and watch netflix
 hb3715 new provides that the enhanced penalties for delivering cannabis on school grounds does not apply to an ... 
 tough swedes smoked sprats tough 
 blowing smoke tobacco giant uses al sharpton  other black leaders to combat menthol restrictions no words. 
 @swansonerik @thejeepmafia  i take food just as serious as i do mopar this was gouda  provolone  muenster amp smoked cheddar on wheat
 hi does anyone know someone who can bring me weed
 ongoing controversy of menthol  choice of more than 80 percent of black smokers. tobacco industry tactics run deep  
 a smoke and the game priceless  nowsmoking cigar cigars botl cigaraficionado cigarporn 
 so im chilling in my room rolling up amp my mom gone come in here amp say all you wanna do is smoke youre acting like a crack head  bitch 
 im really losing patience right now. niggas ask to link up and smoke as a date no bro.
 this why i cant stand giving my number out because they never have anything interesting to say its always wya wyd lets smoke
 i dont give a shit what kind of cigarettes that you prefer to smoke  i needed a reason to talk to you.
 im starting to think i smoke too much m
 possible fire or smoke at university apartments at dwight and fulton  alarms sounding and residents evacuating 
 i just inhaled some weed smoke amp almost choke to death 
 17.5 billion in 1991 dudley i couldnt smoke a million dollars worth of cocaine or did i
 everyones getting drunk tonight but i just wanna chill amp smoke
 alana with weed 
 emely sells weed now and showed us the packaging for the weed she made and tell me why it look like they available 
 shit. forgot to buy more weed. now everything is closed. im fucked this saturdaynight
 who want smoke  i have to do this home work
 im the chick thatll sit on the couch  smoke  and drink a cup of henny or wine   and watch movies all night  currently
 successfully resisted the urge to smoke a cig hangin out with chain smokers 
 so today me daniel and yasari went to lookout smoked and drank there then went to long beach to do the same thing but it was so different 
 kentucky bound to see blackberry smoke so glad you loved your gift @cmuncastermusic 
 thursday...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a little hookah 
 i wanna do something today. i dont mind smoking but id rather not smoke today
 tell me why i joined the buy and sell page for baton rouge on facebook and someone is selling weed on it lmaooo
 yep  smoked pork chops in stock. red wattle from our friends at wickham farms in maquoketa. 
 holy smokes  only @wellsfargo can make a simple task overly complicated and impossible. bankinglaststraw  lookingfornewbank
 i swear i need like a candle in my car because it never stops smelling of marijuana stupid cloth seats 
 i will literally smoke you out  just drive for me 
 great day to talk about cannabis with family and friends. when i go an talk to people. i bring 
 happy birthday to @jeffreybrandes may your present include unanimous support of your cannabis bill in the coming session.
 lmao im gone send this to my next girl whenever she ask why im finna go smoke 
 usa tube audio the revel f208 smokes the competition  the others dont even come close. 
 reuben pumpernickel smoked turkey brunch brooklyn 
 guess im ganna smoke this blunt in the shower alone 
 pictures from hiking in the smokeys this weekend photography adventure hiking tenessee 
 im at town of hempstead in ny 
 @esssssjayyy oh dang i was outside for a while freezing my ass of because ross needed a smoke lol
 watch bannon behind the scenes.  all of this travel ban  etc. is a smokescreen.
 i might miss ya ...  but watch me smoke this blunt amp im gone forget cha . 
 the latest craze in winemaking marijuanainfused wine 
 @forzacorrado parents as they tell you not to smoke weed lol 
 i cannot with carbondale weed men
 its fuckin nice out whos tryna chill and smoke some loud
 see our latest lacrosse  wa job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 i just found weed in this game 
 @chefbcons smoked trout dish at a recent @hyattscottsdale @knobcreek dinner. link in bio for 
 wasnt so sure about adele. but holy smokes  shes gorgeous. 
 i personally find it very unattractive when people smoke everyday  all day as something to do .. like dont that shit get boring
 this is incredibly dry with a light mouthfeel. there is a little smokey amp chocola... irish stout 
 bout to smoke eat then shower
 i really just want to smoke a blunt and go to sleep 
 u smoke that purple lettuce
 just remember  weed cant just wake up one day and say im srry i cant do this nomo. moral of the story smoke more  date less.
 time to smoke meth goodtweak
 not even watching the grammys im just smoking weed and needed exposure lol cannabiscultre retweeet
 hit this weed it might just calm you down
 slightly smokey caramel.  drinking a brew 1000 wee heavy scottish ale by big ridge brewing @ murrayville   
 you got marijuana cough.
 smokin weed helps relieve stress
 my wifi is smoked
 when people tax weed 
 my friends are my friends and they love me even when i smoke gross cigarettes occasionally 
 i dont even smoke weed do your research also dont do this
 kendrick already top 10 ever and approaching top 5 ever. go debate ya uncle that smoke loosies and swear dmx is bet 
 ca cannabis in a turbulent time  on tues  feb. 14  at 130 pm  room 2040  state capitol  sac  sf  @ilikemike
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 2206 ashton street baltimore  tra 
 avail facebookcustomersupport number 18777296626 to weed out your problems 
 i hate when people hit me up to smoke 
 hey friends lessa smoke
 living in georgia i spend money on truck parts  car parts  weed  amp traveling.  oh and the dog. duh
 the kids insulting trump are the same kids who still sell weed and act like thats a viable source of income. no one wants your mids steve
 see our latest cleveland  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 i hated chillin with a certain group of people who smoked cigarettes 247 always had to have the window rolled down 
 mane  let these kids smoke they weed..
 @diecastfans do you have smokey yenko 66 chevelle
 i smoked so much weed that i forgot that shit was illegal
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hazard  ky job
 i smoke 1015 blunts a day
 i dont wanna drink girl i just wanna smokeeee
 2 yrs ago russell bitch slapped a kid 2 guys blew smoke in taylors face  i threatened to stab them with this selfi 
 can anyone pick me up n smoke me out 
 how much more pleasant would tori lahron be if she smoked weed 
 @mrsbrowngravy idk  drink amp smoke binge netflix  thats what im doing since unemployed. firsttimeforeverything
 my friend steve is good for two things helping me wire things up and growing good weed  my physc professor
 @artycurry arturo  theres been an increase in smuggling of ca weed into baja ca  you can read more in my article 
 what would life be like if god didnt place weed on this earth
 reason i dont smoke with niggas 
 @realdonaldtrump if you want to be a jobs president legalize weed  tax it  pay down the debt and the economy will boom. see colorado.
 just smoked a nice mallard duck in the minivan...
 i only smoke weed 
 soo somebody on snapchat gone tell me shop with them if i smoke
 i just want to get off and smoke a blunt... 
 see our latest charlotte  nc job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 lmao weed dip tf
 roll my weed if yous the one.
 @datbitxaly when i move imnprob gonna hit u up to smoke  like every day 
 me tries to open my brothers door but the chain is locked uh what are u doing  him ... uh smoking weed close the door
 my grandpa told me that he would be my valentine amp told me to stop by w some mountain dew amp a bag of weed 
 bitch you kant smoke up all my weed
 one of my life goals is to smoke a blunt with @thejanicexxx one day tone bone  one day... lol
 someone come smoke with me
 i like weed with no seeds stupid loud sticky green 
 you gotta be buying shake if your weed getting laced cause theres no way you dont know
 @jbstarr10 @bunique4him @fawfulfan @kriskobach1787 yah  cuz if they could do it  my grandma would be voting the shit out of legal weed.
 wake up shower smoke work daily  routine
 we can make any task  any assignment  any project more rigorous. see how much smoke can come out of our students e 
 me when that smoke burning my eyes  
 hb2096 new repealing all laws legalizing the use  possession  sale  or production of marijuana and marijuanar... 
 the question remains  who stole my weed
 beanpot nobody will know you smoked it till the next day 
 all she wanna do is smoke dat broccoli 
 i only did one of my eyelashes tho but fuk it im tryna smoke
 someone smoke w me after school
 can anybody in ventura help me find weed sos
 yall wouldnt believe me if i told you ive been 8 months weed free
 i will never understand why people with asthma smoke
 fam these niggas in houston got weed bags with the nike swoosh on em
 @missjen325 had some smoked salmon yesterday.  delicious
 i wanna smoke what ever debs smoking tm2live
 dude wanted to smoke in walmart  but you know .... laws... so he just plays with it in his mouth instead.   mhmmmm my favorite
 lets smoke and vibe to jodeci..
 jayhawks smoked the mountaineers on big monday. 
 barbie dolls dont smoke doe 
 also my coworker smoked me out and now im high at work. im scared
 nd people who smoke em 
 someone drop some weed off for da kid
 im up and shit  im bout to go smoke a blunt
 sometimes i get stressed out and think i could avoid all of this if i just tried marijuana. im gonna do weed one day
 perfect smoke session to bob marley
 my neighbors are high as fuck and because of them my room smells like weed too 
 i swear we fell in love over a blunt. we broke our egos down  rolled em up and smoked them
 girls that smoke weed are a turn off 
 all i care about is money n the city that im from  ima sip until i feel it n ima smoke it till its done
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 i was halfway to the gas station to buy cigarettes and said nope and came home. im 82 days strong with no smokes 
 who in shep wants to smoke ill smoke with you
 yesterday was the first time i smoked in front of my dad.
 @gucci1017 mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @therealdjmiles mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @xprettydiamonds mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 pussy money weed aint all that i need
 the new weed law in harris county  god is good
 happy valentines day wanna smoke a blunt how kalijah woke me up this morning 
 want new people to smoke with 
 he asked them what else they had on hillary. i think this is a smoke screen for a more bigly problem. they have som 
 i roll my weed in ya blunt
 count my dough amp smoke up
 rollin marijuana  thats a cheap vacationfrankocean nights blonde blond freestyle 
 best thing for me to do on this sad ass valentines day is  smoke 20 blunts 
 colorado governor offers advice to california on taxing legal marijuana cannabislegal 
 i want to smoke and get lost later 
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike 
 interesting thread  where theres smoke theres fire russiantrumpconnection 
 holy smokes  thats a good deal on that tv. never seen it go that low.... decisions
 update investigators say the home that went up flames in bramalea this am had smoke detectors  but its unclear whether they were working.
 i wonder if ms. lemoine would be down to smoke a blunt and get lunch together one day lol
 @thenvmber13 @djbootybacon broo but look at all the crystals on it  smokes mold and mites
 people i hate girls that smoke weed  its not cute for girls to smoke weed 
 i dran this dunkin donuts iced coffee thing and i seriously feel high. i didnt smoke anything i feel like im trippin..
 happy valentinesday from billfoot and all this weed. may your day be amazing and in love. 
 this smoker walked in philip 66 and said let me put my beer in the freezer 
 @canryano become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 @mahlico become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 looking like the smoke is my only valentine 
 my roommate doesnt really smoke or anything but he ate an edible last night and hes slept through two classes and counting so far
 where the weed man @
 i just wanna smoke but i have a math test today
 i looked him dead in the face when i passed him tho  just to make sure he knew he aint want no smoke
 its been a long morning cant wait to smoke a bowl when i get home 
 after today  i go on a smoke break
 amp weed
 @eguzman35 im beyond pissed rn ima fuck around and smoke a blunt
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 im too sad  i might just smoke a cigarette 
 havent smoked weed in over 48 hours this is not a drill. break the glass
 this one day i was rollin in the back of work for when i get off amp the lil bro that doesnt smoke looks at me amp says you look stupid lmfao
 ive never smoked crack
 ready to be off work so i can smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4123 frederick avenue baltimore  send message.
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked. yeah  you think i need you but i dont.
 united flight returns to iah after smoke reported in cockpit. 
 i hate being sober ima smoker   
 thats how yo weed get dry ally get your shit together 
 i need weed amp a hug but mostly a hug
 im at sugarfire smokehouse in o fallon  mo 
 smoking weed for valentines day 
 i see a lot of yall got the side chick valentines day special fast food amp some weed.. good for u sis
 everybody enjoying their valentines day   im just bout to smoke amp go back to sleep
 im tried af  niggas just finna smoke they self to sleep
 @shimcode @danmunro   smoke a lil peace pipe  its valentines day ....  hcldr
 burberry amp weed
 hickory smoked ham wrapped with skate fish tasting @ casa del chef 
 @nyrmaac smoke
 dinner was incredible i love coming here. @ smoke restaurant dallas 
 all the weed men need to go ahead and break up with their girls so i can get a sack
 based on the amount of smoke alarms ive heard go off tonight in my building  i think next year more people should go out to eat 
 the smoke detector battery just went out and the beeping is doing bear a heckin concern.
 i wanna smoke 
 im tryna cuddle u to sleep after we smoke a blunt bae
 ive inhaled more cigarette smoke in 2 minutes in the rusty rail and 15 minutes in coleman ave. bampg former camprs than in the past 10 years
 ion smoke hookah i fuck bitches amp talk about whos walls looser
 like unless its stuffed w. weed ion want no fcking teddy bear lmao
 the other day someone was telling me about how these cheerleaders were smoking weed @ camp amp soaking tampons amp inserting them to get drunk..
 indiana senate oks treating epilepsy with oil from cannabis plant 
 realizing now they play the same song in the first and last episode of weeds ....brb sobbing
 my dad got here literally smelling like a pound of marijuana 
 the 3rd floor and my  suite smells like weed and i dont have any.....this sucks. share the goods asshole
 hard to watch this stupid fucking world go up in smoke
 @foxnews  this guys always reminds me of a disney character. i fully expect him 2 pull out a magic lamp and disappear in smoke @seanhannity
 amp if i smoke this blunt im gone forget you.
 saying phrases like 420 and smoke weed everyday 
 @hitthehighdraw how much is to much  to leave on table this week to weed out the sheeple
 so again im single af on valentines. but at least i get to smoke cali weed and watch netflix with people at the hostel
 why is smokey entertaining me rn 
 @younggawhd its too beautiful to smoke
 smoking ganja on the beach is so relaxing
 sb184 new private marijuana clubs open and public use 
 wait. i thought clinton was supposed to be a threat to national security where theres smoke theres fire 
 @realdonaldtrump yes the deep state of the government is out to get you and all of your cabinet members. you must weed them out.
 been up since 3am adding items to our online store. eyeballs are smoked. 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 5613 govane avenue baltimore  cou 
 only if i could smoke weed and still handle business 
 they shot my homie for thing. killed my homie for nothing. i smoke blunts everyday. to try to wish it didnt happen.
 i hate being sober  ima smoker 
 when you tell the dr you smoke weed everyday they be like mmmm 
 why am i up before everyone else oh well  time to smoke and drink 
 they fucked up giving me my marijuana card ofn  
 lmao bj valentines day picture so dusty. that nigga hair look like a tumble weed
 havent smoked weed since november.
 @kysportsradio legalize weed and that would drop a lot
 i mean shit she cant smoke ma weed nomo kause she gon be on papers so aye im winnin
 its illegal to smoke in a car if theres a passenger under 18
 just cause you smoke  doesnt mean you wouldnt steal like whaaat 
 yes like let the weed marinate  
 hate when peoples coats smell like weed
 i wanna smoke some killa
 somebody lets smokeee
 teach your cows to enjoy the taste of weeds amp youll have builtin weedcontrol for your pasture 
 yeah im both   yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked
 @halleybordercol r u fucking for real.  wow..vote someone else whom smokes weed every fucking minute with barely hghschool education.  moron
 when you smoke mids 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 remeber that our campus is a smoke free environment eccunion 
 u dont want a dude that smoke but cant buy weed. dirty dishes in the back. better roll up ur sleeves
 so i thought i found a weed man in richmond dat nigga part time asf lol i mustve caught him on a good day 
 in the army my marriage improved  while smoking i gained weight  and i lost weight on weed. and they tell me to live more intuitively.
 proudly pouring @hardwina hard count ipa from @greenflashbeer enjoy a pint and some slow smoked bbq today... 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 i needa stop smoking weed. or at least exercising more. cuz i only ran like 3 games and im bout dead
 they see me writing about environmentally friendly weedgrowing practices  they hatin.  
 it kinda blows my mind that you can smoke in this airport in designated areas  so 90s in some ways
 @captainfreiheit its weird he didnt bring up what always bothered me  that the book claims weed withdrawl causes you to salivate a lot
 yesterday i smoked some really good shit
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 i wish my bestfriend smoked 
 my weed man got locked yo im sad as fuck  he was the best
 i spend so much money on weedamp food ugh
 this quick and easy smokey eye will be coming to my channel very soon  i used the highliner 
 i wanna attempt to make one of those crazy like dinosaur or airplane blunts that you see but i dont ever have an abundance of weed amp blunts
 gpblawmakers what art the regulations that apply to marijuana cultivation nuts and bolts
 @hippieoflove because of weed it would be easy to say green but im gonna say purple
 this is how you live when smoke is life. w420. only the gifted smoke lyfted. its a shame  
 it is amazing to me that we have suffocating levels of smoke about the russian scandal amp the doorknob is hot yet no ones has seen a flame 
 one of the executive producers on arrow goes by the name speed weed 
 used zaatar seasoning in a smoked wild salmon pizza on naan bread  and it went really well with it. loving my newest spices @thespicehouse
 dessert for dinner yes please @ smoke daddy  @thesmokedaddy in chicago  il  
 i should of never smoked at 1 im still high 
 sext hurry up and get here so we can smoke and have a beer.
 mexican candy and weed  the way to my heart
 would you rather lick a dogs butthole or kiss a girl who smokes cigs
 why did my mom acquire a bunch of coconuts so she could make weed infused coconut oil what is going on
 lots of back and forth  for  against  on marijuana legalization at @jpetersoninutah town hall
 @skclothing11 check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @flvrusa check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 i dont smoke at all but i just learned so much about bongs. fascinating
 sitting back smoking weed plotting on tonights moves 
 sb1116 new as introduced  decriminalizes the possession of up to one ounce of marijuana.  amends tca title 39 ... 
 yall mad at this man but you bitches still love the dude that cheats on you every weekend  sells reggie  and smoke 
 who wants to get scooped and smoke
 geralds evolution  dont be surprised when im posting pics on ig of me amp bae. yall bet not cause smoke or unfollow me either
 where the red hemp grows onewordoffbooks @midnight
 medical marijuana is legal in michigan lmaaaooo boutta smoke hella phuckin dope with john
 julie went to court for some dumb weed charge in jersey and ended up getting arrested again bc the cops found a taser in her bag @bestluck
 chapman throwing smoke....httpst.cop47elehmfh
 @thehill why. what is the point of rallies he is the potus. smoke amp mirrors. oh  amp him claiming fake news.
 can we smoke please aw i dont have any more  damn ok end of convo lol haaalp
 @nickszoyka @hockeykiiid22 @marisafranze @deadhag bruh i hav nothing to smoke and i need a high so im stuck wit this shit addictprobz
 drive from point to i drive to sit by myself while you in the other car smoking then get out and smoke more
 me mom i think im dehydrated  mom see thats what happens when u smoke weed   ok mom lol
 amp the kush we smoke is so strong  itll make a nigga cuff a lung up baby
 you need a smoke break 
 its the weed i usually come in the crib high an go right to sleep
 @wentworthweedle its supposed to be some sort of hat but now ill forever see penis  thanks for that weedle.  
 boutta smoke this blunt n b outtie
 im about to roll a spliff. first time smonking a weed in weeks. folks    i hope ur reddy 
 im bout to smoke sum weed and do some videos while im high and drinking beer and liquor. i get paid on the clock for that type of behavior
 she tried to smoke up all my weed so i rolled up dat moon rock and she went straight to sleep 
 i give weed instead of chocolate and then when they become fuxk boys as they always do i have 
 do you think marijuana should be decriminalized in harris county details 
 @kattttieeee @bethanyyy12 you act like bethany has never smoked lmao
 yall crush gotta hide the fact they smoke lmao
 sen. hutto tens of thousands of sctweets residents are going to smoke marijuana  regardless of what happens with s.212.
 pitmaster nat the cat and his huge homemade smoker in belle glade  florida. been smoking for 60 
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 @williamjordann yes  of course. im all about using it. its clearly good politics for now. but i fear amp suspect its all smoke.
 get you a clay  calls me to smoke and offers me something to eat
 i just killed my weed speech
 there is a show called weeding out the stoned hosted by @alexgrubard at the hotel vernon in 225. get tickets here 
 my mom and aunt would smoke weed around me and hot box the car n shit 
 do you feel that marijuana should be legalized
 i wonder what this @directv customer service person is really doing while im on hold for 15 mins.. smoke break grabbing a coffee lol 
 someone was telling how much a weed farmer makes   they touch like 3 mil a year
 wow  accidentally rolled and smoked a whole joint before class ..
 medical marijuana supporter sen diane savino urges doh not to add to numbers of companies in program. current companies still struggling
 im so pissed i cant smoke anymore bc i need the fattest blunt ever rn
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e ...httpst.co8kplizgwal
 not high enough weed man come through
 @realaaroncolyer wait  are you talking about opiates or marijuana
 wake up smoke 
 who on earth would ever smoke tobacco out of a gas mask bong
 @jawadbanihani @sethrogen cmon dawg its fucking seth rogen ofc i wish. maybe out smoke me idk  but if he rolled a cross j would be dope.
 fr anyone live in valpo and wanna smoke
 tbh just trying to smoke a blunt rn
 just tryna smoke da pain away
 @itswaltbitch @babyanimalspic bet  this is smokey 
 will i smoke this bitch  yes   prolly fail my piss test   get rid of them fake breast and put a vest on that bitch chest
 @megsnbaconnnn happy birthday sexy im so glad we met come over and smoke a blunt when you can
 fake news means the media should continue digging. seeing the smoke means theres a fire. trump treason russia
 @sideswipebrew coffee mastermind or when im n mood 4 smoke elegant hoodlum is nice
 one week until oysters and stout at smokehouse we start shucking fresh oysters at 4pm on february 23 
 like son if you out here selling weed for the price of candy bars let me get some of that but oh wait no one is selling drugs for that low
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   rockford  il
 @minyk lol best jont b..ahh man i cant wait to get off work and go home what about you they always b like yea i need to go home n smoke
 cleared construction on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w4e  southern state parkway to exit w3w  hempstead turnpike
 i just smoked a blunt with ur girlfriend
 thats because he smokes mid. 
 got a 50 min drive back got my weed  amp pipe...... but no.... fucking..... lighter 
 i just found weed in my underwear. my next partner is gonna love me
 black ice little trees are trash  thats the car freshener you get when theres nothing else. fyi  they dont help the smell of weed either
 we recently completed repairs to bring hemphill reservoir 1 back in service. check out the video update here  dwm
 @qoc26998152 @stevekopack yes my brain needs a smoke after that cluster fuck of a press conference
 the first black woman to own a marijuana dispensary  i am beautiful 365 
 wild bc coho salmon carpaccio with pomegranate  cara cara orange  smoked pecans  scallion  coconut cream  arbequina 
 @markknoller @petefrt @presssec is this immigration memo a ploy to smoke out leakers
 yo it weed black friday at swell rn.
 great article  from a stoner to a stoner why smoking too much weed can fck up your life  via @elitedaily
 wait nicki smokes 
 sapphire haze by artizen cannabis now at greentheory sapphirehaze artizen greentheory cannabis marijuana 
 there are no legal definitions for lox or nova lox. so lox or real lox is what could be brine cured  cold smoked salmon.
 @mo251997 says all black people smoke weed amp now @housedemocrats deleted his muslim tweet cuz hes one of them. 
 who got weed in duncanville
 last year i damn nearly smoked a range rover
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2414 frederick ave  send message. 
 all i ever say is come and feed me for once. give me free weed for once. you dont ever come to meeeeee. pnd voice
 slowing down on the dope smokes. i jus luv it thouu
 @ananavarro i see him sit in the oval asking himself..what smokescreen can i come up with 2daydisrespected the only latino 2b in cabinet 
 heres to the 3 day weekend. happy obama day. or trump day. or washingtons day smoke em if 
 @drcassingram what would be the effects of hempanol on someone with high cholesterol
 @hippieoflove awwh thats all i smoke usually is indica  wish i was with you  smoke a little extra for me
 @jakeuno if i was a billionaire i would hire blegit to perform the entire hemp museum for my birthday
 i love our shirt distributors they already know were the only shop that does all the gang  outlaw  weed merch hahaha sending us work
 annoyed until i smoke a pancake 
 my smokey eyeshadow is getting better. its all about blending and blending and lots of blending.
 i think i just smoke too much tho.... 
 just want to smoke a blunt with my cousin and make dinner with her already 
 something i will never smoke ever again backwoods and dutchs only  
 @ejrodriguezjd you are definitely lost son go back to what you were doing blowing smoke
 dese niggas just wanna smoke amp be famous
 all i smoke is killer   yo bitch look like thriller
 sf266 new a bill for an act relating to marijuana and cannabidiol by modifying penalties and creating a drug co... 
 start to finish the stuffed flanksteak smoked on the webergrills onetouch premium.  stuffed 
 @theonlysweeney @villesportslaw @biggestbiscuit at least half of my lifetime total has been at holy smokes in last 6 months  so im growing
 larain castorm hemphills rugs amp carpets has three carpet installations going on today including balboa yacht club gettingitdone
 @lilfreakinu  absolutely. its the smokey eye piercing that would mindfuck any slave into despondency.
 aside from moving in with really great friends  im super glad to finally have my own place i can smoke pot freely in xd
 my momis that weed on the floor me its fuckin dirt
 am i the only one that likes to watch themselfs smoke
 welp  guess i stopped smoking weed for nothing. this gig doesnt require it and its flexible. i kno ya cant wait till i calm my ass down.
 whatever asshole stole fat jacks bbqs smoker die in hell.
 if u paying over 100 for something to smoke weed out of u dumb w 
 someone smoke with me
 all you basic bitches smoke blue american spirits
 @chinaaaloveee smoke that shit and listen to this weed song gt 
 @ayogreatness damn  weed is one thing but alcohol you really are lmao
 @8c no its definitely more weed than the last one at least but its decently mommy
 by the way  just because im a girl doesnt mean you can try and give me mid and think i wont bring that shitty weed back.
 @jkelllz you dont smoke
 @freddydodgegr whats in the smoker or on the grill tonight nothing like cooking outside in colorado while its snowing 
 about to smoke this weed and get myself locked in my demension lol i
 @postbaron post not biased   tucker carlson smoked you out.  i believe nothing in that socalled paper.  
 @jugband222 i wish you could get access to high cbd cannabis oil. it helps me so much.
 bordem makes me want to smoke
 smashing on this salmon from zanzibar. bout to go home  smoke amp go to bed.
 @cbo is about to be smoked outta house amp home. smokeyours smokeyourscrew @ keepem lit  1345 
 her friends dont even smoke   but they loving the smell
 all i wanna do is forget about my past  and smoke a little weed  really nothin too drastic
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 more smoked meat please @ gates barbq 
 larain ripped apart our sign at hemphills rugs amp carpets. debris all over east 17th street in costa mesa. 
 to smoke right now or not
 once upon a time i couldnt get a mf to do a damn thing when it came to weed and his friends
 emily his puke was probably green from smoking weed   meamphollie whut
 to unlimited devotion  drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ the slow rhode   
 mmjonesmusic this guy smoked his session  extremely productive  look out fresh music 
 @nickgroff  i love u but u have lost your mind holy smokes sleeping on attic beams u r brave paranormallockdown
 nico dont feel good im going home to put on my dallas cowboys sweatpants and sleep.. if you wanna smoke me out or bring food htl.
 i kind of feel bad for @cheechmarin and @tommychong. they were on the ground floor of the weed revolution. 
 date a guy who wants to work hard amp dont waste his paycheck on weed everyday
 all this fucking dope all this fucking smoke lmaooo
 @kennapress @riancalhoun why would that change your life all he was saying was dont smoke 
 this rains got me wanting to smoke a bowl and cuddle.
 they know that how life is going on   what is good or bad for cosmos  they just want hit this weed  bbc cnn agdamlegalizeweedsendeet
 @andyj541 yeah we smoked at the creek below your house haha
 @christianbayxxx @teganzayne holy smokes id pay to see that. oh wait  i already have a @cockyboys subscription.   can this be a thing 
 lets chill amp smoke
 and im waiting on some weed from my connect whos getting off work right now.  
 marilyns mom is trying to find a spot to smoke a cigarette and shes goes lets just do it in the bathroom 
 my whole house smells like weed 
 herb helps but i have to smoke like a chimney. lol fireup insomnia
 @nakedtruthxxo  thats autocorrect sucking my dick and nah i dont smoke them
 i wish i had someone to go on walks with and smoke blunts with everyday
 @ranman09 @kwelkernbc @alexwitt dt is again throwing smokescreen presser so we talk abt media bullshit when we need to focus on russia
 honestly i quit weed  shits just not the same
 if weed wont on this earth everyone would be lost
 cant smoke witchu cant drink lean witchu 
 who wanna smoke some more nigga you just threw the  piece 
 @misx2301 @maverickofsouth @mkfylfot sounded like an obvious on weed style joke where cheese was a drug joke. sorry not proof of anything
 i just wanna fuckin smoke in peace this fine saturday
 going to get the weed or waiting on it is always the most depressing stage for me before i smoke. lmao i just want it to appear in my blunt
 i smoked a lot and i feel so rough
 someone needs to help me out with some weeds
 you know the deal  follow us on snap  buffsbarstool and see smoke @alyydean and friends all day and night  
 amazing bosnian coffee  dried smoked beef and cheese chefbryan @ cafe on main 
 did my dad really just try to black smoke me 
 i aint even smoke my first blunt of the day yet
 hot hot hot in desmoines again today.  golf  bikes  shorts in mid feb.  bugs amp weeds getting started. 
 she dont be cookin at all  she just put weed in the bowl.
 might hafta go smoke trees out in the woods somewhere....seems necessary today
 when father brah hides his weed in the trees 
 @varneyco any truth to this story  national guard fake memo was scheme to smoke out the leaker
 ya mcm been smoking weed for years and still cant roll a blunt 
 @diekunt highhhhh  how was ecuador reminds me of colombia. the weed out there is amazing.
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 412 font hill avenue baltimore  t 
 when u breakin da weed down amp think u see a seed 
 my sugar momma dont wanna give me money and i need weed and drugs for tonight
 martinis at thesmokehouse before the screening of martinis at the smoke house  goodtimes 
 anyone know where to get  one the the smokey bear resist tshirts resist  
 drinking a harpoon the craic irish red ipa by @harpoonbrewery @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 8 key findings from one of the biggest reports ever on marijuana consumer trends via @eazeteam 
 and no i have never in my life smoked crack lmao
 cheesy  melty duck cuban with smoked duck breast  duck confit  fontina  pickles and spicy 
 i maybe have 3 friends who still wants to hangout with me after i tell them i have no weed or money
 finna smoke a fat blunt 
 i have no weed and im irritated
 i just wanna hang out today and smoke.
 devin dixons no.58 went up in smoke before he could complete a lap in group 2 time trials. dirtcarnats
 fuck it im seeing my weed women i love her
 ashleys birthday @ smoke amp barrel  @beerbbqbourbon in washington  dc 
 i been smokin rapper weed wit my k 
 but no seriously  canton and highlandtown smell like weed this evening baltimore
 free smoke  
 my lil team got smoked tonight smh
 almost two months since iv bought weed man
 if you smoked like us youd be high all the time
 theres always some fuckin guy who smokes a cigarette in a crowd of children. honestly  man.
 im at city of weed in ca 
 soooo much smoke in the air... 
 boy how many blunts did you even smoke.... 
 whaaat  i had edibles before i smoked. thats crazy 
 honestly  i could just sit around amp make hemp bracelets amp necklaces for dayzz.  so enjoyable.
 you dont even smoke  
 i had a dream last night that i was rolling tobacco with weed and then when i finished rolling it up it be became a taco
 i just smoked a blunt witcha girlfriend  
 i smoke 2 joints before i smoke 2 joints then i smoke 2 more
 customers stay offering me weed for pizza 
 brisket about to be smoked. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app stores  or 
 i just wanna know why it smells like straight weed in my room
 i smoke too much
 water  granola bars amp weed is what i survive on
 sally fields was a real smoke show in the 60s 
 im bout 75 into losing my shit and counting. and im lookin at another terrible week after two really bad ones. no weed  no girl  no money.
 definitely something on fire smoke smell is strong amp hearing fire trucks now 
 i keep everything neutral i just wanna smoke a leaf  
 drippinn ganja video | prod by @sosaonthetrack x @marconi808 | coming soon giottos drippinganja 
 cleaning up the twitter feed is like weeding out a garden  now refreshed.
 @snaggletoothma smokes weed once 
 fact im gonna kelp eating regular noodles that dont look like weedeater string. 
 i cant even eat i need to smoke before my break
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 i dont have to smoke to do that  
 we smoked we got high caught each other vibes
 @gazjones77 @ecigitesztek @deesidedotcom i am an ecig smoker i do not smoke weed i have not had a cigarette for 4 years.
 i wanna move to the south but they weed is dirt and expensive
 i was gonna see how long it would take for my coworker to go on a smoke break when i clock in amp she just left to take one before i clock in.
 ive been in the front driveway  smoking weed and staring at my phone in the car for 45 minutes now. need motivation to shower and gtfooh
 you dolts  they didnt want white christian hypermilitarized ultracapitalism  they wanted gay weed hypermilitarized ultracapitalism
 any weedman in the sandy springs dunwoody roswell alpharetta area feel free to dm me i need you asap
 @jleezee2525 @ambeezy10 should i smoke some ribs with this  
 dish in progress...onions  garlic  eggplant  tomatoes  smoked paprika. kitchen smells amazing 
 been blowin everything to the head this whole weekend ine match or smoked nobody
  this is just too much damm smoke for there not to be a raging fire going on wearenotidiots whereisthefire
 my mom asked me for a lighter like i smoke
 @therealelp @nickhook @cuzlightyear @gangstabooqom @gaslampkiller @runjewels any spare tickets i live across the street amp can swap for weed
 holy smokes 
 what to do with this rice made on the smokey joe @weberacademy weberacademy grilllog @ 
 terrapin smoke on the porter now available in cans.  @terrapinbeerco beermenus
 watching miloyiannopoulos on realtimewithbillmaher makes me wish i smoked ganja. at least he accessorizes well. 
 i feel like a bag of weed luke murphy
 annoyed i didnt bring any bud with me. its a nice day to walk and smoke.
 mom yelled  omg whats that smell in the middle of st. louis  mom its weed get use to it
 i havent smoked a cig for a day im already anxious 
 somebody come smoke
 have youve been playing with cilantro again  my managers way of asking if ive smoked before my shift
 my new line  i dont smoke
 i dont smoke weed to get high  i smoke weed because its truly a medicine. i can sleep  eat and manage my emotions so much easier.
 applewood smoked turkey burger courtesy of @webergrills and @kingsford ... just wish i could tweet a smell 
 come smoke a hookah with our favorite zombie friends on the walkimg dead starts at 9 pm. so dont be late
 ayyyyy lmk if yall need weed 
 me brushes teeth before work me also eats chicken nuggets on the way to work amp smokes  why do i even bother
 we got some weed. 
 nasje swear she dont smoke no more but we got high earlier 
 jah know december 2016 was litty i smoke through at least 2 pounds in that 1 month 
 @amctalkingdead love the smokey and the bandit trailer in the background
 crazy how i really stayed watching this girls sister while she went to smoke smh
 okay im like 98 sure that the walking dead just had the truck tom smokey and the bandit in it
 buying weed gtgt paying bills
 sad you let weed basically ruin what we had  but thats none of my business 
 if i cant smoke weed there i dont belong there
 when you ot with no weed 
 cube look like that teacher that will find yo weed smoke it and tell you how trash it was the next day 
 u think im copping all this weed not to give it to girls
 someone smoke me out
 damn dude i just want to smoke pero este rain c
 yaaaasssssssssssss cant wait for this to happen imma go live and smoke  bout 3 blunts 
 you cant smoke saint laurent jeans 
 young nigga smoke alotta loud but no i do not smoke no swishers
 tonight is the perfect weather to smoke
 no smoking females out  match up or watch me smoke my weed ma
 this storm is messing everything up  like im just trying to smoke a blunt
 just give me a quite place and let me roll my weed
 someone bring me weed omg
 i knew i should have smoked
 it would be cute if i had a girlfriend who would bake me a weed brownie for my birthday. shiiiiiiiit if only.
 tryna smoke and eat
 @selenagomez  i understand you committed career building suicide  just like all the other actors who smoked on camera. goodluck
 buy legal marijuana online.we offer legal marijuana in bud form  calltext us a   16788038775 visit our websit 
 if you smile dont tell a female you dont smoke just to try to look some kinda way  shes not ur type if she dont like that. be you 
 youre going to pass something down no matter what you do or if you do nothing. even if you let yourself go fallow the weeds will grow.
 guess ill just smoke 2 day until this girl pulls up. car in the shop and is raining  chillaxing mondaymorning 
 i dont smoke but this is funny 
 i just go to work  go home  smoke a little weed and chilli naked
 420 is basically next month.. i think im copping 2 ozs for troy amp i to smoke just us
 one time i really liked this guy and he didnt like girls who smoked so i stopped getting high for like 3 months lmao what
 why trying to smoke this l with me though or ima have to face it alone
 wake up and smoke and then smoke all day pretty much
 i smoke a blunt before i do anything.
 quick smoke break before the boring economics classss... 
 free smoke 
 someone come over today and smoke with me
 you niggas are weed addicts 
 i just wanna smoke a backwood with oomf and cuddle 
 i wanna smoke
 i seriously need to smoke
 i was gonna smoke some weed but then i got high
 i like to celebrate the small things in life..... with that being said  i need weed lmao
 need some smokes and a drink
 she say she wanna roll w me and smoke up all my weed i said babey you cant smoke for free .
 lmao it smells like weed in my literature class  someones getting lit
 boutta go home later  smoke a blunt  eat some ribs  take my man soul  amp go to sleep 
 i can smoke whenever i want too nahfr
 happy birthday queen  i love u smoke one for me.  @rihanna
 @mclarendante @skintightrubber @blackstylelatex this is why alien has different colors. the smokey black looks awesome in bright light.
 when the smoke clears  
 when the trade smokes you out but you only came for the weed amp a joyride  
 shane and i are buying weed today for the first time in probably over a year 
 yaever smoked yaself into the next day  ...yup
 gonna smoke until my 330 class get lit for communications
 lmao 6th floor stay smelling like weed
 smoke more weed
 how do you stand outside the gym in smoke whodoesthat 
 can you see the smoke hahaha test time again  @ the driving school 
 havent smoked in a week so sorry not if im a bitch truecolors
 im the livin proof that you dont need a masters just to be a masterpiece. people passin faster than im passin weed
 look how fucking cute my dog is pt. 2 the weed nap strikes back 
 can people stop telling me stories that involve fucking weed like wow weed is weed
 people who smoke mid always smell like straight ass
 new rims  smoked tail lights  under glow lights under dash and under car and new subs all being put onin scion now 
 they dont want no smoke 
 my weed in my purse tho  
 @enylanad ok but im pissed weve never smoked together
 colorado mcdonalds offers first marijuana friendly smoking section 
 only in la does the gym parking lot smell heavily of weed 
 drinking a blaze smoked porter by @fuggleswarlock at @fuggleswarlock  
 thank you my brotha smoke a big back for me 
 best thing for you to do is smoke a blunt and sleep it off 
 wiz khalifa still got the best intro all time. usually id be smoking weed on the intro but im drinking water.. 
 im out of weed 
 anybody with a ps4 amp got 2k17  want any smoke my username is @ chieffhood 
 i guess smokey aint gonna tag his friends in his ig pics anymore since i have no home training lol 
 smoke weed 
 videa gamez and weed to help me get 2 sleep
 ready to smoke a fatty and eat sum cake 
 this is the nba version of scraping out the bottom of the weed pipe looking at players headers  
 you can keep your weed to yourself honey snapchat doesnt have to see it we get it
 keep finding weed in strange places in my house and i dont even smoke
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive.. i smoke it everyday cause it keeps me alive..  
 the struggle of wanting to going out with friends amp wanting to stay in and smoke blunts amp watch movies is toooo real rn
 @mikeeynp happy birthday mikey  hope you have a good asss day amp turnup   smoke fat blunts  
 and if u got money  shut yo lame ass up fa i fuck yo bitch or get yo ass smoked 
 spendless on weed 2017
 might as well smoke a blunt and lay down
 free smoke so he can get back too balling 
 another day another dollar outta work bouta smoke a cannon
 goodmorning bitch lets smoke weed
 hate having to smoke outside now because i never actually want to get out of bed..
 if u wanted to got to med school and give your child a better life wouldnt u give up marijuana
 that shit crazy i smoked weed for 6 years already longest habit or addiction i have ever had
 @potus @kellyannepolls @jeffsessions please consider legalizing marijuana in all states. this would throw the left wing party into turmoil.
 thats my bitch when she on period   we smoke amp chill
 walked outside and it smelled like straight up weed lol
 where theres smoke theres fire. @vailresorts purchases @stowemtresort for 50m.    
 ab1410 new taxation marijuana cultivation tax. 
 guys did you know that smoking marijuana makes you a bad person i just learned that 
 ion even smoke before class anymore  i had to stop that shit lmao
 final revisions and edits some days you plant  some days you fertilize  some days you harvest but today is just for pulling weeds.
 come to my job almost everyone smokes there ... the job aint even that stressful  
 i just want my weed amp nigga wanna chill  no
 today i saw a guy with a sign that said really need  for weed.
 join us as we break down the differences between indica  hybrid  and sativa medical marijuana strains. 
 sb386 new creating wv medical cannabis act 
 i fuck my hoe and smoke some more until my pain until my pain heal..
 all my folks asking what the problem is  ready to bring smoke
 @couurrrt id do it for a half smoked cigarette
 my professor is always talking about weed. high key he was a stoner back in his day 
 when i ask u if u wanna smoke clearly means come smoke with me shit  guess ill face when i get off
 roll me up and smoke me when i die
 out of weed 
 these weed lollys are trash 
 mfs always ask me why i smoke lol. like bro you are the reason for me smoking and im never gonna stop. fuck whoever dont like it
 amp i really dont care  i like to watch the smoke dance in the air
 finally had a conversation with one of my neighbors and hes actually chillcool. we talked about vaping weed  bike theft  and getting work
 i love methuen i just walked out of potle and some middle school kid blow smoke right in my face and yelled vape gang 
 @maddow @msnbc @nbcnews weed out hate  sow the seeds of peace. matt lauer pitched on today 
 its smells like weed sooo bad in this uber  and i know hes high because he keeps asking if i can smell the air freshener  haha
 the amount of times i think to myself in a day why am i not smoking weed right now is disappointing
 @kamalaharris these asinine ice raids. oh and fillmore charging 180 to grow marijuana in your own home. that is a money grab.
 lady at the smoke shop told me she doesnt like the foo fighters... we were cool but now we aint
 twp 49 hemp 48.  16 ticks. twp ball
 my mama had the nerve to ask me if i smoked cigarettes... da fuck
 i dont even smoke and my mama always tells me this before i go to the club ... 
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 wish i could have a list of all my google searches while im high  ...  what music video was craig and smokey watching on friday 
 know them boys wanna see me broke down shut the fuck up i dont want your conversation rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 im in that mood where all i wanna do is smoke a fatty with jasmine and listen to anti
 why did you put your marijuana in your bible
 this weed got my body sore
 fuck waiting for work to be over ima smoke my blunt rn 
 selling marijuana is against federal law  but its legal in colorado. so why cant new york city decide to allow undocumented immigrants
 up in smoke hookah weed 
 @walkingdeadamc jus watched latest episode. trailer used to deliver coors beer smokeyampbandit abandon on side of road.
 i wanna smoke til my face goes numb
 hit my line or dm me im tryna smoke 
 i let my black hair grow amp my weed smoke
 i need some melatonin.... or weed... or wine. idk i cant sleep i need something
 my uncle the same age as me and got his weed card for anxiety so im def getting that hoe and im certified lol
 my mood is that one vine of the girl crawling all over the floor crying bc she wants to smoke weed
  so what we smoke weed  
 i need someone to smoke with when i get off work late at night
 nadia texted me and said so you got all that weed on your snapchat let me get a 16th for the free  i stg i hate this bitch 
  we should smoke one time when im in cc 
 smoking hella weed.
 whos down to smoke with me
 lets smoke  no females
 house bills would end federal prohibition of marijuana  via @huffpostpol
 they wanna label me a criminal cause i smoke medicinal..
 we dont grill smokeobsessed canadian chefs giving diners a taste of realbarbecue via @globeandmail 
 just had some fuckin assnuts push me aside and scream why do you smoke so much at me while i was vaping in the smoking area
 no weed for everyone thats why they come to us 
 @msnbc    trumps smoke screen to get off the russia story who hacked our account
 only buying 8ths  i cant smoke a quarter of the same weed....
 here to testify and plea to the medical cannabis review panel to add opiateaddiction to the list of qualified cond 
 i cant understand how anyone playing a sport requiring physical endurance and constant movement could be a smoker.
 people have some nerve  its a smoke free campus so yes im giving you the stink eye so you can put out your cigarette 
 they in court openly talking about marijuana ...they all excited thisisus
 will smoke out for pizza
 i got a lil bit of weed. @ hacienda heights  california 
 @joshtpm @tpm nice thing about a nuke is that it has the exact same density as weed  so if you weigh the bale you dont detect a difference
 @cannabiswest  132.75  8 grams of durban poison shatter  rec  denver  cannasaver  denverdeals shatterdeals
 report americas marijuana industry headed for 24 billion by 2025 via the cannabist 
 girl you is my babe girl you is my babe i gotta smoke some weed cause girl you drive me crazy 
 your to cute to smoke. nah bitch you to ugly not to smoke .
 all of my coworkers smoke cigarettes 
 going into bakers  this is the race 1. hempstead 2. cr prairie 147 3. davenport north 157 3. marshalltown 157 5. w. west 169 iahsbowl
 considering i used to be a liar  smoke  go out every night and not care about anything  i for one know how much people can truly change
 @kinginwithrome your gucci cologne smells like weed 
 all i do is smoke dope amp fall back
 the legal marijuana industry in colorado netted one billion dollars in revenue last year. greenrevolution legalize resist
 sandwichoftheday spicy porksausage patty  cheddar cheese  serrano aioli  smoked onions  pickles  tomato  arugula on a pretzel roll
 wanna smoke
 today is so perfect to go on a nature trail walk and smoke a blunt 
 the friends who would but cant i still appreciate yall but for you niggas ive smoked out  fed allat dont fwm no more straight like that
 who tryna smoke doe
 i always took health for granted until my mom met a lady who has hereditary lung problems and has never smoked a day in her life.
 lunch vailsnow @ wildwood smokehouse in vail  co  
 penfield man accused of sophisticated marijuana grow operation  roc
 got a 105 out of 100 on my botany midterm...i think its because of all the weed ive been smoking  got be the green thumb 
 just wanna smoke rn
 i need smoke
 i need to smoke 
 ya dont smoke
 walked in the spot smelling like ganja... walked in the spot smelling like money
 drinking a mistress jades hemp ale by sherwood brewing company at @bridgestreetcvx  
 todays smokes @cigarchairman @hnjad @paradigmpres @paradigmpres @rciaschini @thedonfonseca @myfathercigars 
 this woman beside me on the bus smell like weed and the fish market. its killing me. 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now  
 my answer to everything from now on is smoke crack man.
 get some smoked gouda in your life.
 shoot the weed man if dope aint smoking
 eating a weed chocolate bar and shredding the skatepark
 what mixing weed and alcohol does to your mind  vice  
 im sorry cvs does not sell detox tea so you can pass a drug test. try a smoke shop or the dungeon. thanks.
 i just always make sure i do tho cause i smoke a lot amp ion be want smell like weed. be having hand sanitizer  lotion  perfume  gum allatt
 it always smells like weed in my apartment wtf
 salad plate  frisee with cold smoked soft poached egg. sweet hickory. lemon vinaigrette  chef 
 i like smokeing one deep so ion have to pass the blunt 
 chill amp smoke
 las vegas marijuana expo loses name over differing vision with parent group 
 tj need a lil heater in the smoke barn  i be freezing 
 we got weed and xans what u like 
 just wanna use a soft ass booty as a pillow and smoke weed and play the game 
 fuckin disgusting how much do you need to smoke to even eat this shit 
 i have simone in control of my weed
 i just made medicated banana bread and now my whole apartment reeks of banana weed fml
 @maddehmn @nmatoian brainy teens are more likely to smoke pot than their less intelligent peers  study says 
 me yeah i took a t break but im gucci imma smoke and no one will be the wiser  me takes two hits  me 
 i need weed in sf now
 sure theres some slimy girls out there  but hes a grown ass man and youre a grown ass woman. weed out the bad girls but dont limit him.
 give me all your weed @chaseuncensored
 im so used to smoking blacks now that i cant even smoke a whole cig bc it makes me feel so crazy wtf
 havnt smoked in 182 days
 i shoulda got a ride in the morning so i could smoke 
 isnt it headass that my migraines started literally once i stopped smoking weed
 i usually smoke till i cant open my eyes. 
 kierra just full on walked into my room and woke me up to smoke. fuck a 9am class 
 need sum new music to smoke to
 it gotta be joints and a pipe for me lol and i dont really smoke as much
 headline correction @senrobportman weeds out ohioans  americans..... 
 yall be out here thicker than train smoke  
 they just want to smoke my weed
 nothing like starting off your morning with the smell of stale smoke on purple.
 giorgia smoked a fattie and robbed target at gunpoint mr zook
 whats the weed like in england
 help families affected by disability by supporting medical marijuana zartlers specialneeds 
 today a good day to smoke some woods in the woods
 everytime i open my bookbag it smells like smoke.
 i have never smoked the marajuana  but if i did  i think it would look like looking through @destinyingram16 glasses parker comisac
 pineapple fucking express.   wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 last year i got arrested for reeking of marijuana in math class 
 my brother just tried to get me to smoke rn on my way out the house. boy i will fall asleep in class. 
 @wyoweeds cant you classify it as a weed
 i am about to go smoke on my break fuck this ....
 its easy to collate medical marijuana use into compassion for smokers  andor a business  but not a legal case. well see.
 nothing like making the stove smoke and then the alarm going off
 while you catch them feelings imma smoke on this blunt
 beautiful day for bbq fredssmokehouse @ freds smokehouse 
 @tonymassarotti put that in your pipe and smoke it. philly wants to trade bogut though... 
 i honestly love that most people who knew my from high school etc see me as a pothead who only cares and thinks about weed
 good people dont smoke marijuana.
 nil do you have any weed nah i dont spend my own money on that  i use everyone elses 
 accidentally washed my work clothes with a bag of weed... now i smell like weed and laundry detergent
 ok so who wants to smoke weed with me outside all day
 a good day to smoke some big loud 
 im so old i remember when the gop used to at least try to manufacture halfway serious bullshit  smokemirrors  an 
 getting rid of her ass if she dont wanna smoke
 took a walk to madison square park on my lunch today and i think i got stuck behind every person in this city that smokes cigarettes
 @thinkb4youjump easier said then done i love weed.
 @thinkb4youjump i dont smoke it all the time tho cause i dont be tryna pay for it
 in the neverending hunt for a playbook of all smokes on csgo maps  this guys playlist has proven quite useful 
 @presssec.  you are wrong.   when its something republic like its leave it to the states but marijuana ur all up in peoples business.
 @alexmleo i am willing to bet almost anything that legalizing weed would reduce violent crime
 @washtimes  high times go up in smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 620 dumbarton avenue baltimore  violation not 
 wow  drinking a pernicious weed by @garageproject at @tenayacreek   
 @mightysg if your state want weed to be legal you shldnt be punished for another backwards one either. just gotta know where you going
 made rocky smoke last night. one hit. she coughed her life off and threw up her soul. one hit... i died for a minute 
 denver social marijuana advisory group works through details  but disagrees about alcohol  
 happy weed number
 so the federal government is pro private prisons and against weed legalization.   our prison overcrowding problem will continue
 we have brought it back. the carne cabeza.  12 hour smoked pulled pork with provolone cheese and 
 governments have proved how much weed benefits the economy and is not as harmful as once perceived but here comes little hands trump again
 spicer states will likely see greater enforcement of federal law against rec marijuana   
 vote yesoncannabis for north carolina to legalize medical cannabis with hb185 we deserve equalopportunity 
 coming after the marijuana industry is going to do the exact opposite of creating jobs.
 22 @presssec ...with nonaddictive medical marijuana scripts would help alleviate the opiod addiction problem in this country
 @csydelko @jjxlynn who cares  yall cant have good career wit smokin weed anyway unless you a celeb or these new so called rappers
 i hoed smokey 
 boulder district attorney on white house rec. marijuana comments come here amp see how its working before you tell 
 totally agree. more marijuana arrests   more jail time  more private prisons  more money in their pockets. easy pea 
 mannnn see now trump finna try take away weed nah p. 
 @jessimaepeluso snacks is code for weed  isnt it 
 @mmpadellan @nra his silly fear of marijuana will build the road to gun control.
 stick this in your pipe and smoke it  mr. sessions 
 im probably lowkey addicted to nicotine thx to all the 2nd hand smoke i inhale
 @warmcigarette im teaching my cigarette how to smoke cigarettes any tips pointers or tips and  point
 i luh this shit called life. good company. good eats. good drink. good smoke. fuuuuhhhhck yaaahh bruh
 @davisjkane ha fortunately  the battery started to smoke while we still on the ground  just hustled our way back to the gate.
 i dont find people that smoke attractive or cute 
 i have the best smoke seshs with myself 
 cracking down on arcane marijuana laws and expanding private prisons. what could possibly go wrong
 spicer expect to see greater enforcement of federal marijuana law 
 prepare for smoke fest pics
 just used expired nose spray.. if i dont survive smoke a fatty at my funeral
 if all you do is smoke i cant fwu
 pop a flat smoke a blunt fuck up my health  
 im so high   and i keep watching this like who knows what im doing after i smoke this 
 be as racist and homophobic as you want but lay off the weed  
 trump administration hints at greater enforcement of marijuana laws. 
 in 8th grade i got 3 days of iss and my hallway hero shirt taken away for smoking weed out of my tenor saxophone an 
 that oh shit expression the tiger makes when it starts to smoke  
 love how states rights exist for ending protections for transgender students but not for marijuana legalization
 smh i wish trump would ban recreational marijuana ... id just start trappin again
 this is why the legalization of marijuana worries me just a bit. @ german village 
 niggas be so used to sour diesel they think its the only marijuana product
 psa fuck boys  smoke weed
 last day to smoke weed so you know im about to get dumb..    
 26307 smokey valley ln  katy  tx 77494  275 000 3 beds  2 baths 
 i got a weekly weed bill 
 gonna read some articles and smoke some dope.
 ive smoked 7 blunts in the last two days lmao wtf
 its a must i leave marijuana alone..
 good night to everyone  except the guy who sold stems my first time buying weed
 lol. just like making weed illegal. how are you going to enforce it
 my roommate gave us a blunt so i accidentally smoked it all and now im high as shit. help
 trump administration signals a possible crackdown on states over marijuana 
 i dont see myself or a liberal or a conservative. im more of a free thinker. i want to smoke  but i also reserve the right to carry a 9.
 theres a hickory smoked turkey leg  a bowl of rice  and a bottle of mae ploy sweet chili sawws calling my name 
 the cannabis industry is over saturated in colorado but im not going to stop pushing to get employed.
 you i smoke weed me  an intellectual i smoketh the herb
 swisher smokers scare me
 fresh baked cookies  weed  cah  and bffs
 everyone smokes in fl tf 
 @joerogan @realdonaldtrump talking positive about medical marijuana.... right there has to be leaps and bounds above @hillaryclinton right
 wanna go outside n smoke but lazy
 pass the weed mf
 so why do smoke alarm batteries always start chirping in the middle of the night definitely a conspiracy.
 narc arrest in this data do not include marijuana dramatic decline in dangerous narc investigations can lead to esc 
 this is our holy smokes it could reach 78 degrees today amp it is february dance  
 sean spicer wrongly links recreational marijuana with opioid crisis via @forbes 
 @realdonaldtrump ur a fake fuck with ppl that smoke bud... asshole
 my nigga really tryna make me go outside and smoke right now leave me the fuck alone im in the bed 
 like when my family complains about me smoking weed. my bills are paid amp up to date  so whats the big issue if i spend some cash on me 
 @realdonaldtrump smokes crack. im convinced of it. crackheadalert 
 gave my weedman props for the fire he gave me.. he said i told you 
 @aaronsxl heres the thing  its a fundamental misunderstanding of cannabis. if ppl continue legislate by this noti 
 well have reaction from local marijuana shops coming up at 530am on komonews. 
 we need a national referendum on marijuana use  medical amp recreational. then we need a vote of confidence on our current regime
 bitcoin in 2017  used by us military used by us casinos used by us cannabis industry used by us banking sector used by us federal government
 can girls maybe not smoke weed or take excessive selfies in the bathrooms in between classes bc i have to pee
 beautiful shot from my morning run.  @ weedon island preserve 
 @steelepierce @aaronsxl simply put  i dont want people making drug policy who think about cannabis the same way my grandmother does.
 @steelepierce @aaronsxl its 2017  you cant fool ppl w this slippery slope rhetoric. cannabis is productive  for medicine and the economy
 @jessevburke @nextadvisor what the hell is this bitch doing. does she think that dying child needs a gallon of booze amp smokes. what the
 i got a really good nights sleep last night. a little nap turned into 9 hours. only downside is i didnt smoke that j ...
 we are offering our veggie and smoked salmon rolls we have a limited quantity so get to the 
 @niilojames as long as i can smoke in it were good
 the department of justice might take action against states with legalized marijuana 
 so lemme get this straight  heroin amp marijuana are corollary  juss like drinking  and smoking crack are related too huh smh 
 i dont usually question how fit i am  but holy smokes that metcon 
 yall niggas be letting women come to yall house  smoke all yo weed  get a glass of liq amp leave. fucking chumps 
 parents who smoke around babies and children should be arrested.  disgusting 
 fml its just sitting on the printer and im baked as fuck and real like weed and now i cant tell the teacher
 man i already smoked
 no evidence of benefit of medical marijuana in parkinsons disease but we do know it will impair your cognition parkinsonsconference
 what weed he smoking bro  @deenycee3 
 my class rn smells like weed 
 if youve never smoked out your bedroom window have you even lived
 love it when my golds taste like weed
 93 percent of americans support medical marijuana use amp 59 percent support legalizing recreational marijuana  according to the poll.
 hunned spokes amp chronic smoke
 i swear every time i pump gas someone hears my music  asks if i smoke  then gives me his number
 yeah  weed is pretty cool. dont take that shit  hummie. @realdonaldtrump
 @ixcjazlynn if you looking for some new music to smoke to  check this joint 
 @patmcafeeshow do you think nfl players should be able to use marijuana for medical purpose have you smoked since you retired chatwithpat
 @dormpartyy i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics 
 im a responsible consumer of media  so i take in info from a variety of sources to weed out bias rather than closi 
 if your facebook employment says works at the dark carnival then i assume you smoke meth.
 my everyday work.  @bitcoin trading @incbitcoin corporation @bitcongress government @spacechainco aerospace @treesdelivery cannabis
 @therealbwhitey  drink and smoke til its gone 
 nigga that smoke. lol you smoking dick 
 wallingford ct  smoke showing from 2nd floor window of a 4 story elderly apartment building
 i dont even wanna smoke
 classic @realdonaldtrump smokescreen to take the focus off of the conversation itself. potus is no different. the s 
 where the lowkey females who smoke kush @
 @tnicole14 whyd you retweet this  you cant reach the smoke alarm  
 @dorimonsonshow does anyone know where the 250 million in weed tax went gracious
 some guy came in while im working  asked how old i was  if i lived around here and then jumped right to do u smoke weed like ok dude
 @amytalkington the weed is all free   
 i cant wait to smoke amp go get food when i get off lmao
 on the federal level should the @realdonaldtrump legalize marijuana and leave it up to the states how they want to handle it
 if smokers can throw cigarette butts out a car windows  why cant i throw soda cans
 @brittmthiessen all great sources hemp seeds are incredible. we love using peanut butter in our smoothies  especially 
 i dont smoke thats a no no.  mannnnn
 can someone tell me why my coworker is trying to debate with me about marijuana legalization
 @embish why have we never smoked together 
 drinking a panthers hollow barrel aged by @millersburgbrew @ sublime smoke  
 good shit. bless the weed man with good bud when i go to pick up right before that shit too. 
 please dont brief zpalmas to the cypher  i will kick you out my room i smoke raw papers amp big dutches 
 when actual sweden is too far  but you really want to have cheese  crackers and creamy smoked 
 why is everyone tryna fight tonight yall need to mellow out and smoke some weed.  me at a hockey game
 ridicfridays glass o wine n good smokestonedgrandma love robdyrek lovenlife
 @realdonaldtrump oh the media fake news lowest approval ratings ever of a new president 3 million people voted illegally.what do you smoke
 less than one year after having back surgery i am walking up the side of a hill with my cane to visit a ganja farm 
 did you that the average age for a new smoker is 13 educating students at a young age of why 
 im trynna smoke
 i just want to smoke
 update incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3e  hempstead turnpike to exit w4w  southern state parkway 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfir
 dabs look disgusting stop posting close up of your dabs just smoke it its gross it looks gross its not fucking appealing
 about to smoke a j and watch some movies. any cute ladies wanna join 
 random guy on @martaservice you want some weed  me no.  man how about some doritos  me ...no.
 @mocbeichelg we gotta smoke of day
 .@pitchblakbrass asks for weed to a sheepish crowd.
 my loyal ass friendthe doctor said i was growing something in my vocal cord. me omg im sorry  loyal assits weed
 i had a drink   yeah i smoked   you think i need you i dont   i dont do this unless im high or drunk but i need you in my life 
 fuck it ima smoke this personal amp go to bed
 i need to smoke man
 we use to smoke and listen to future we dont even talk now
 i wanna smoke like right about now
 my mom home nd ma whole room smell like weed  
 hope i dont smell like weed bc when sene comes home 
 i will smoke anybody in 2k with the raptors
 cant wait to be off work  smoke and watch netflix
 if sessions approves of prosecution for weed use  we need to look at collusion with big pharma
 great group this morning for the runnerdudesaturdaygrouprun . 60 runners weedoggie beautiful 
 @richzeoli but federa law should be changed  right it clear prohibits marijuana possession  cultivation  etc.
 cold play and chain smokers lovvveeee
 a notsobasic brunch.  photo whisksandwit southernbrunch @ blue smoke 
 yes  as always lots of smoke screens to cover up the truth. somebody is running scared.
 all that linkin up just to smoke dead asf
 @sevensantana lol ion have to im set ion pay rent pay a mortgage . i smoke weed not crack .
 i take a little more jack in my coke now. i take little more high in my smoke now
 the niggas tryna beef w chink is bitches. they dont want smoke. plus yall crying over a bitch
 no your mom has a stash of homemade cannabis peanut butter cups in the fridge.
 my girls dont even drink or smoke.  lmaoooo. like at all.  if they do its wine. yall goofy as hell. 
 sounds like a dope life  takes talent. great money and unlimited weed. who would have time to talk shit 
 @govjventura vs @presssec marijuana debate would be amazing 
 so human and civil rights are states issues but medical marijuana is a federal issue ok  sure. thisisadisaster 
 address is 1925 euclid ave san diego  92105. well be on around 3304pm come smoke with us its 
 sean spicer compared marijuana to opioids  but theres major differences 
 mmmm  smoked salmon bellies are back @seattlefishguys  their squd salad is off the hook 
 holy smokes theyre kissing
 dont ever try and out smoke a stoner its not worth it
 shoot your weed man if yo dope aint smokinnn.
 is it sad that when someone asks you if you smoke and you say smoke what 
 when your weed man deliver.
 drinking a smoke amp dagger by @jacksabby @ the station taphouse  
 you wanna impress a woman you like  ask her on a real date.. nobody wanna sit in ur musty ballsack smelling room amp smoke wit u
 psa i do not sell recreational cannabis edibles. to anyone. ever. now  i can help you get signed up for the dc medical marijuana program. 
 canadian medical marijuana company to make its own labtest results public via @globeandmail 
 this weed got me laughing like a dam hyena.
 who wants to smoke a blunt wit me no one alright cool
 i smoke a lot of wax
 if its not the weed its the drank smh
 ian just lost at odds and now has to smoke hot sauce
 after smoke a little smoke @ericchurch took a shot then threw the bottle  what  a g
 also we found some weed in magic kingdom today. good times
  free smoke send me the message
 leave it up to me amp amanda to set the hotel alarm off from the weed smoke...
 @teslawolfen holy smokes lol  fastest ive been was 137 trying to pass somebody x3
 she dont smoke cigarettes and i dont wear cheap cologne 
 @potus if alcohol and tobacco are legal nationwide then so should marijuana be legal. marijuana is a non lethal dru 
 happy birthday @darbyandrew two smokes lets go.
 bill in congress could protect colorados marijuana laws 
 will never  ever get over how bad cigarette smoke is on people gross
 i jest wanna smoke
 tae made weed muffins and we was out for hours lmaooooo
 now im buying weed on some grown shit  when i say grown im talkin bout the man who grows it....
 i be so hype when i know im about to smoke.
 now i get drunk and im smoke weed and poppin pills all the time.  she said that she wanna suck me off  i dont mind.
 i am trippinggg  i am sooo drunk  opened the cabinet and jumped bc thought it was about to fall.  idk if i had kava or weed..
 ion see how ppl smoke blacks. they stink .
 6 am smoke sessions 
 lmaoo my mom whispers in my ear you still smell like weed i dont get it 
 my grinder  roll up  extra weed  blunt splitter and lighter would fit perfectly. 
 who else trying to ride bikes and smoke blunts in downtown right now
 @nytimes marijuana president barack obama for eight years  undermined the traditional american morality  so that the world drug flooding
 @weednewsat420 thanks for the follow. i havent smoked weed in more than 40 years. nothing happened when i did. i only got really hungry.
 if fungus was rampant weed all b dead. is uc davis the new refer madness. how about tobaccofungus more than 1 dead. 
 i smoke so much the ashes startin to burn on me 
 you can die in a car accident but you can not die from consuming cannabis. ponder that @ibake @emeraldzoo @dankcreative @moms4marijuana
 smoke  franklin club dr  @delraybeachfire station3 is onscene light haze of smoke in a apt bldg  hot water heater shortedout  no fire
 if she smokes she pokes 
 really was on xans and cali weed the whole trip ...
 i just need someone to smoke and jam out with  is that tooo much to ask for goddammit
 bouta do some work then go smoke
 my weed habit so close to snortin powder
 @dqllonweekes how dank is arizona weed jw
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign...  
 im rooting for danicapatrick to take daytona500 which ford driver are you rooting for forddaytona  smoke em
 lol my diet is fruit and weed
 i just remembered in the summer my friend lost his grinder so we had to grind the weed in his grandmas blender
 ive been blessed with weed  mimosas  and fries this morning. like gahhh damn my life is great
 for the sake of the country get over your loss   the old democratic way you smokes are not in control.....anymore
 i take dabs and even i acknowledge that wax is tweaky as fuck to smoke
 huge cannabis farm was staffed by trafficked viet... 
 zack hand delivered my sick fam food from the smokehouse 
 its a beautiful day to smoke something. not really but its happening. heres the before pic of 
 see our latest lakemilton  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 @foxbusiness @foxnewsinsider theres no room in jail because all the people theyve got in jail for marijuana
 im in elgin all night so someone stop n smoke w us 
 how i not wanna smoke a cig all day idk but i hope these non cravings continue.
 @basedjezuss perfect time for a bathroom smoke break lol
 i got 3 dags of weed today those foos getting worked for there crv
 my regular @starbucks is out of chai latte ok  ok ill try this smoked butterscotch instead. hmm  not to bad. chai latte
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  @brysontiller
 drinking a smoke on the lager by chilly water brewing company at @chillywaterbrew  
 a female who smokes od is son in my opinion 
 cigarettes and any one who smokes them are disgusting
 walk in to see kyle in the hospital kyle hey yall got a cig or some weed  never a dull moment with him. 
 with a ribbon of smoke
 ackee salt fish vegan style collars with gluten free fried dumplings ganja roots and health  
 who trynna smoke
 hit after hit. filling the emptiness in my chest with smoke
 you know youve had the good weed when it makes you tweet at doughy mustached bloggers during the oscars @barstoolbigcat 
 pre roll dipped in cannabis oil  rolled with mr. nice guy amp ghc sprinkled with l
 i feel like the coke i snort the weed i smoke the aspirin i pop amp caffeine i consume is all to just speed@up the process to my grave...
 on my bucket list drinking a beer and smokin a j with @sethrogen...only if i smoked js  though...
 yeah man i can out smoke you all day everyday  i smoke hella blunts everyday yeah but can u take a glob to your face tho
 gone amp rolling stone by the weeknd make me want to smoke 5 blunts at once
 when she bring weed thru and know how to roll 
 sara bareilles just smoked that joni mitchell classic. 1010 would pay to see her perform live. oscars
 5 do you smoke
 pass the weed
 i smoked to much weed today im still high 
 we can smoke together  
 date night with you was bright  @ smoke on the water restaurant 
 @robinmcgraw  ethics  obsession v possession  ownership have has had  celibacy is to virginity  as pain is to marijuana
 @riqhts do you smoke inside
 @darrenrusty @metacriteria @cernovich some people use it for medical reasons. i support fully  though not a smoker myself.
 @destroyfrog im gonna smoke big bongloads with mango mike
 lil pump  smokepurpp  xxxtentacion  ski mask the slump god collabbb would be 
 so whos pulling up to smoke wit us  @foreigntrashbag
 but i feel like i go to weed school  
 i wish my t would let me smoke in my room   she be smoking in the house.
 @tntradioempire my buddy seen this in vegas over the weekend. sat there all day drinking and smoking weed out of an 
 just got out of jail ..they gave me a dui for weed  
 as i got older  i started to understand why people smoke their lungs black  drink the night away  or throw themselves off buildings
 closed report at intersection of harvard st amp walk hill st  mattapan  case resolved. weeds 
 .@realdonaldtrump you realize legal weed brings in millions of tax dollars and hurts cartels all you care about it your butt buddies
 my weed tolerance is getting a little ridiculous
 we smoke together 
 this kid wont let me smoke a cig on his porch and is sketching out about smoking on the porch... who r u and why am i here
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign on bonus  
 todays selfcare  roasted almonds tossed in butter  salt  cayenne  smoked paprika
 @julieweed what about medical research would you like to be the first to write about our asthma research amp findings related to cannabis
 i smoke private. @yfnlucci
 its lunchtime come get some fresh off the pit brisket at juniors smokehouse.  
 now  my weed is so loooud  you can hear it down the street.
 @maryloveus4 @chris11962 look they have the munchies i bet they just smoked a joint together. senator chuckie  stoner.
 who wants to come to my house and smoke cigars there is also whiskey.
 live life  smoke trees
 i want to go back to the time when i was a freshman that smoked a joint in class while the teacher talked about politics 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2700 fenwick avenue baltimore  send message. 
 im considering starting to smoke cigarettes so i can get multiple paid breaks at work.
 googles wikihow smoke weed police are already on my doorstep guns drawn
 morethan4  for childhoodcancer. weed need innovative pediatric cancer research  
 cannot wait 2 get home and smoke this l
 i havent smoked in 4 days. im so proud of myself 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 how does anyone smoke cigarettes
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 my professor funny asl talm bout sarcastically like there gonna poison your weed specifically 
 a lot of pussies hating tell em i said dont stop... i smoke ah. whole. lotta. weed..
 all i need is weed
 yooo @ town of hempstead in ny 
 my professor last semester exempted my assignment that she lost and said it would affect my grade so i should smoke 
 incredible  terrifying wildfire activity in w ks  and ok and tx panhandles. note the smoke direction marking locat 
 i smoke weed like im bob marley
 looking hazy west of wichita... i believe were seeing smoke from the fires to our sw being picked up by the strong 
 pretty neat seeing wildfire smoke changing direction as the cold front comes through. okwx kswx 
 im hungover and i really need a smoke sesh with some pals
 sending pictures of smokey the bear to invite people to smoke will forever be my favorite thing 
 @drejaquan down the street wanna smoke
 i havent smoked in a day. im doing good  lmao
 soo im looking for a weed job or a job in fashion if any of you know of anywhere hiring lmk
 the names the weed men tell u  im suppose to smoking mardi gras cookies  shit good af tho real 
 its literally the end of the world outside and i still cant get a booth at smokey row.
 i gotta smoke some weed cus boy u drive me crazy
 i feel like this would fit in a if you smoke this wyd tweet 
 @talentinklany weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money
 @justinbieber weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money
 people will weed themselves out of your life on their own
 guey you just put tajn in the weed
 i need skmeone to ft while i smoke
 ion smoke so .. weed 
 my dad just asked me do you have weed in this house yes dad because i smoke weed 
 i need some weed and i dont even smoke
 @airbearryoo7 thank god i was about to smoke meth
 in my day  soccer players could smoke on the pitch. 
 netflix amp ... smoke
 i hate when people say bitches smoke to be cute bitch not my fault i smoke and im cute 
 my nose mad stuffy  im in a smokey ass casino  my belly full from buffet  im drinking henny  im tryna su....  nvm
 about to smoke this wood. kayy.
 smoking weed is like eating rocks... its from the earth man
 mimi was smoked out at that club lhhatl
 these smoked chicken wings from queology were one of my favorite stops historic  charleston 
 even tho i feel like im dying i still continue to smoke hookah   wow . i have a problem lol
 hb448 engross an act relating to industrial hemp. 
 but this new schedule im on could def use some tweaking....up at 7  run  work out  smoke too much  nap  work  drink too much  sleep. 
 they better smoke pot 
 not even in the mood to smoke anymore
 there was smoke in the air before that was me clearing it
 i just want unlimited weed and head from the loml on a balcony on a island 
 school is a 7 hour shift  why dont we get a break like just let me go smoke a blunt  people make my brain ache.
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 @killturnherkill hahaha one step at a time  theyre out there bro probably sharing an order of smoke shack fries right now
 who smells like weed in my class and isnt sharing 
 someone pick me up at my house ill smoke u up
 @jaylonthompson mcgaritys probably just blowing smoke for sure.this takes the attention off foxs security to an extent for a little while
 loved the visit from troy fire dept. and smoke house great learning today  @troyfiredepartm @childrensdmc 
 montreal smoked meat on rye with yellow mustard. tuesday lunch special. @ fox bros barbq 
 i got brothers i dont need no friends  just chillin smoking weed again 
 my voice gets so husky when im sick and i sound like i smoke 3 packs a day
 getting ready for the day starts with natural looking makeup then quickly escalates to a smokey eye and bold lipstick
 imma smoke this weed and forget you 
 @xomonet bitch i know dont remind me i want a piata filled with weed 
 @tommychong is like everyones fairy weed mother 
 bitch is you smokin reefer
 @rooseveltchaun smoked turkey  provolone  swiss  mayo  avocado and spinach on a flakey  buttery croissant 
 we could have a rolling contest amp a joint rolling class for all you blunt smokers out there.
 lol yeah i need to smoke a fatty rn
 but why does my whole house smell like marijuana 
 excia director on trumps possible ties to russia theres a lot of smoke  via @yahoonews
 @kyledcheney yup....  its all smoke and mirrors  
 when my mama found out i smoked weed she started blaming everything on weed lol i can be like mama my tooth hurt..thats that damn weed 
 @maggiieetg  what happened  and about the weed wine  it looks like it tastes like spoiled vedgetables
 no weeds for me 
 i never know if people are talking about weed or actual girl scout cookies when they say this  
 juice alert 180 smoke bramalea city centre has the mankind ejuice line available in 0mg and 
 offended they dont sell tampons at this smoke shop
 professor how many of u have parents who smoke random kid are we talking cigs or weed   
  not too many people can it was understandable after what we smoked lmaoooo 
 its 2017 man. i can buy weed from a store. i really dont care if you sell 
 i didnt think id ever say this but im too lazy to buy weed
 @bowserangela @aaronlemingnfl think glennon is honestly a smokescreen  but well see
 biggest pet peeve when people send me pics of their weed
 i just wanna smoke a blunt then hoop.
 the rain really gave me the best cover to smoke in my car. it was damn near relaxing
 i almost forgot how good weed is
 so my dad wants to go watch logan   but im going to tell him the only way ill go if is he smokes a blunt before
 weed aint weed anymore
 @wolfroldan pussy money weed rahh rahh  i give ya dat bro you snapped . its just da beginning
 good stuff. garlicfries at @sonicdrivein in hempstead  tx  
 @emmaloujustice whatever my sister smokes got me feelin some typa way 
  bro i deadass tried to smoke a cinnamon stick  
 fucking smoke fest tbh im going forsure 
 niggas wanna lie and say they never smoked 
 i feel my self becoming addicted to weed and thats not ok..
 either sex or weed is what i need ..
 when you love the smell of weed that much. 
 drinking a grapefruit ipa by @refugebrewery @ smoke eaters  
 @ojedajose75 @hiimanasshole weed is tight
 @alyssareid have you crashed on a mysterious island with polar bears and a smoke monster
 never ever smoke 3 backwoods. 
 lmfao what weed dealer accepting square cash 
 im constantly getting smoke in my eye
 walks out of bathroom  why is your scale so small  i think i broke it  dude  thats for weed
 not a good time unless i smoke mine
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girl  thats all that we do.
 ion smoke crack muhfucka i sell it 
 if julie were a juul id smoke her all day
 smoking weed on a pretty night in florida on my front porch 
 on g i thought this was weed at first 
 trynna not to smoke  but god damn everything and everyone is fucking me up
 listen to party and smoke a backwood.
 when the smoke gets in your eyes  you look so alive.
 went to my homegirls to smoke on sunday and left with a big ass bottle of some organic margarita mix ayyy im with it its low calorie too 
 damn my car still smells like marijuana  my mom mas gonna kill me. gonna kill me
 lmao why do i want to smoke at 1 
 @larryelder the plan is smoke....still is a taxable event  federal crime if you dont purchase.  why cant there be simple schedules of cost
 im tryna smoke lol
 @pauseunpause is smoking weed while playing golf still considered driving under the influence
 i just want to smoke a bowl while i sit on @notadrummer96 face.   
 apparently colorado has accrued 1 billion dollars in marijuana sales. so lets make every state legal. so it can create these jobs and stuff
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 early morning smoke sesh... ribs eatlocal supportlocal shoplocal communitynotcompetition @ 
 this saturday we will have salmon on the menu follow the smoke and try some new barbecue 
 can you recommend anyone for this job store manager in weedsport  ny   retail weedsport  ny hiring careerarc
 rolling weed in the north east
 students gather outside mjhs as fire alarms ring this morning. faulty smoke detector suspected. 
 im just going to leave this right here ampwait for the smoke to clear from the universal mind explosion thats about 
 fuck weed ima stop smoking and sell clean piss 10 a ml
 question.. where does leaving school to smoke and drink everyday get you in life  
 @locoloc600 @nayzia no nay he fuck bitches he smoke wit amp being that your a good friend i know you wouldnt do tht to me
 according to @nfpa  23 of home fire deaths result from broken smoke alarms. check yours when you change the clock iaffsafetytips
 @revelitas @theflourished1 curreny isnt that good  his songs sound the same  every bar is a weed reference i got the receipts
 @butwhyevernot @siaayrom how are they supposed to contact their oncologists carrier pigeons smoke signals mirrors
 can you recommend anyone for this job reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 ion even smoke but at this point  fuck it 
 i havent smoked a cigarette yet today
 mitchell just said smoke detectors are frivolous
 ive smoked one black in 3 days and rn im ready to dome 3
 that smoke sum amp lay up wit your baby girl type song 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   transportation
 lmfaooooooo im boutta get smoked in this race later 
 if you ask me to smoke ... you better provide everything cuz i aint bringing shit 
 welcome tobacco depot with 12 stores in florida also part of our smokerfriendlyinternational 
 fresh out the shower .. now i need to smoke
  chill af smoke a blunt to netflixandchill look it up on spotify  itunes  amazon  google play anywhere laidback
 one of my friends smoked early in her pregnancy  her son was born a month early with fluid around his heart. hes 2 
 i dont even smoke and this makes me mad 
 i wanna smoke
 dont match me if you smoke swishers 
 you a laaaaaame and ya bitch break down my weed sometimes
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2330 hollins street baltimore  send message. 
 who trynna smoke
 boy its crazy ion have a appetite unless i smoke some dope
 cloie goes last night i smoked 2 heavy ass joints 
 smoking with friends is cool and all but sometimes you just need to smoke by yourself i swear it can be so comforting
 i dont know why but i hear debos voice in my head right now quit being a bitch and come on lol to bad i aint smokey
 slim hemp wallet combines functionality with simplicity. 100 hemp shell. 6 credit card slots  2 business card slo 
 yup trump is literally watering the weeds of antisemitism all around the globe.thanks for caring amp posting michael  
 i just wanna sex  smoke and vibe
 yes im from the mre and i smoked the 2 os
 mom amp dad was right n front of me being pushed back by air amp suffocated @piedmonthealth if i woulda died they woulda said cause bad weed
 @faithmariee on blood bro niggas wont send me a location so what makes you think im gon think you gon smoke me... with what pole nigga
 @bezo what about weed
 i wanna smoke weed and go to lunch
 hemp seeds available at hemptraders. growing industrial hemp regenerates soil which is one of 
 libs color amp retwist dreads @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 go hardddddd or go home   @ north hempstead aquatic activity center in new hyde park  ny 
 drinking a helluva helles w cucumber by @intrinsicbrew @ intrinsic smokehouse and brewery    photo
 its been a long month and i just wanna smoke
 just found out kennedy beat dubuque hempstead  good shit youngins 
 wasnt no 2 for 15 for da smokers dat been around lol das some new era shit
 this why i smoke my nerves a bad asf 
 last night i said i was gunna quit smoking blunts  ive smoked 4 blunts today 
 and dont smoke no damn weed on the way here. lmfao my mom is hip smh.
 you dont smoke woods 
 take a shower smoke a blunt then chill amp enjoy my high
 this is an example of the dangers of marijuana. 
   im just thinking about allll the weedddddd im about taaaaa shmokeeeeee  
 no one wanna smoke so im goin tf home
 these kids smoke a lot 
 but like seriously how can u smell that i cant even smell it and i havent smoked in two days what the actual fuck
 im such a liar.  earlier today i was talkin 2 my frenz bout how i quit da  in 2014 got offered a j and i smoked outside just now.
 .smoke  smoke  smoke  smoke  smoke  smoke  smoke  smoke .......... wont be long before @maddow uncovers  russiagate therussianconnection
 xans and smokesdamn friday me please wtf
 after 7 days of no weed smoke i learned its impossible to sleep but u get ya shit done
 to all you finessers just warn your family cause you keep scheming somebody gone smoke them boots
 my mom my dad god amp my weedman 
 to cover the weed 
 dear diary  i turn 21 today. i hate alcohol. weed is still illegal. well try again next year.
 before i had money  i swear that i had no life  now i get drunk and im smokin weed all the time
 @notacyberbuiiy 420 smoke weed everyday
 yeah  i dont smoke cigs  but ill prolly get lung cancer from garlic bread  bet. 
 @97hjn @eternalblx im against weed  
 @weelay @mlgtarzan @ffmutex @umgonline and id rather smoke an sleep lol sounds more fun  lmk if u find new third ill give u a few
 if you passing that weed then im the wide receiver
 scottsdale fire dept. on scene of a home fire minimum exterior damage and some smoke inside happy valley and alma s 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation dover  oh job jobs
 oh we smoked dat my guy
 man i need a weed man
 guess whos back we have the ham melt as a special today. smoked ham  gruyere  caramelized 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1829 dover street baltimore  tras 
 when you find a cute girl but she smokes cigs 
 who wanna smoke    hmu dm @ hartsfieldjackson atlanta international airport 
 at least four cannabis culture marijuana dispensaries run by jodie and marc emery were raided by police in ontario on thursday morning
 but anyways dolph was fried af in that interview  nigga had to have smoked a pounded of gelato before he walked in 
 gotta have the smoked meatloaf on thursdays @ queen city q the q  @theqclt in charlotte  nc w @msippi 
 last time i checked  vaping was legal  but weed isnt so 
 oconee co sheriff there is a controlled burn in walton county.  smoke from it is coming into oconee. abhtraffic
 these warmer days have us craving crisp greens with veggies and smoked salmon.   lunchtime 
 all i do is mind my own business and smoke a little weed
 that feeling when a smoker gets into your ride to work and it smells so bad it makes you gag 
 @saraaaaomari you want smoke
