 crack the window and lets smoke this endo
 i wanna smoke a blunt w @campkevin
 what are you doing the wacky tacbacky   my mom asking my sister if she smokes weed
 i can literally smell wiers breath after he goes for a smoke break
 i rather drink den smoke
 im hungry and i want to be high   teleport weed sos
 get buck smoke meth  fuck people
 if i had a gf ill smoke less but thats nothing going to happen no time soonso im just going to buy a xbox 
 barry gordy and smokey robinson on stage. i still cant believe it motownthemusical 
 just wanna smoke and tap out
 one of the funniest stories i seen so far today is about the 74 year old man passing out weed cookies at church 
 @thatniggadillon @thelaunchmag same  proly got no smoke anyway 
 im trying to stop smoking weed
 i never pay for weed my plug just gave me a g my plug gave me a 3.5 for 15 my plug stay bussin my head 
 i need a song wit @currensyspitta and @coneblvd ...something i can smoke to
 i spent all that bread buying food   2 days cooking   bought two bottles and weed and nobody came w nathan like asked
 sip henny for my problems smoke weed for my thoughts sorryamerikkka wit @yasmeenkearra @ 
 i smoke before i do anything.
 it was nice to see my old friends the twins last night smokey bones i havent saw them in a 
 does @senwarren know about recent signing of @buffalomeat10  someone pls send a smoke signal  @dickyoungsghost @kassydillon buffalomeat
 downtown reno to get new marijuana dispensary 
 but you aint want no smoke wit youngsta..you a funny guy 
 you ever been conscious in a coma please dont tell my momma  this aint marijuana  i must be tripping off that dmt
 holy smokes this is good.  drinking a nitro merlin by @firestonewalker at @pinthousepizza    photo
 days like these just makes me want to smoke some bud again. but im not going too
 there is a huge disconnect when you dont smoke
 nothing will put you in the weeds serving like a party of 10 regulars who love drinking alcohol
 im learning so much unnecessary shit about weed and all kinds of drugs from hanging out with these boys  help
 @norml mikepence and donaldtrump  when are you going to talk about cannabis
 my bus boy told me he quit going to university in guatemala to be a teacher because he needed money to smoke pot  not all heroes wear capes
 someone in bing do weed w me this is urgent
 and the   thing maybe just smoke and mirrors 
 this whole winona ryder thing was a great endorsement of something ive believed for years and thats that weed edibles are very bad
 ugh i just hate coming home to no weed
 @burn1tv1 your single source for all things cannabis.  music   news   fashion   and culture.. 
 tryna smoke tonight no maana vergaaaa 
 @tweetdajour wow i totally forgot that you smoke lol
 sometimes i just sit in my room smoke a blunt and listen to mf doom
 where do i get a girl that will roll my weed up and chill with me
 nigga spit all on the weed lmao  
 addy with some weed
 i dont smoke anymore so thats the reason i dont sleep 
 if you a weedman you work 277
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you start your morning off  gas up to this
 i got ls on my record weed on the vinyl
 a little smoke before i start my day tgfad
 @newtgingrich you are correct legalize cannabis...nation wide
 rise n shine i need fucking weed
 ma yur mcm afraid to smoke weed he said wat if i get a bad trip lmao
 dude i smoked more weed with you than you ever bought boy sit down.
 when the dick appt just wanna talk and smoke  
 he smoked him 
 emily chain smoked all my  too long of a road trip  am bored cigs
 i felt bad buying papers in front of this mother and son first time my morals came into play with weed almost sobered up
 @keatondnichols you dont have to be a smoker to get lung cancer
 can cannabis sales benefit the economy @justintrudeau  free @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 thinking where the hell am i oh thats right with my guys smokeonthewaterweston boom cigars 
 i just wanna smoke chill and eat shit up 
 the right kind of smoke for annettes award gala.  makeup browsonfleek brows skin 
 time to kill this jeremiah weeds whiskey tonight 
 @masterbuilt what are the dims of the racks for the 30 smoker interested in getting one  but want to make sure i can fit a rack of ribs.
 oh man  @mreugenemonroe needs to discuss this one for the cannabist. 
 watch the world go up in smoke
 helllllllll nawl im too lil to smoke a blunt dis fat have my ass laid out somewhere 
 bruh ganja white night tomorrow so pumped
 wait a minute roll up the weed 
 aint smoked all week. so ima have to set myself straight in the morning
 because youre probably from a place with garbage weed 
 idk if weed work better in the morning or if im still high from last night too a lil but man this shit is serious right now 
 when i used to smoke i was lucky cause my eyes are foreal always squinty lolol
 @dougiefresh818 exactly especially if you let me hit lol.. now if he didnt have a job and literally smoke weed all day with my cash no lol
 ever read north dallas forty@nfl  @ufc will never let players smoke pot they are in big pharmas pocket.also oxy c 
 friday before spring break swing by for some goodbull amp fridays pitmasters choice slow smoked turkey breast 
 business as usual for cannabis businesses some reassurance  finally. 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign on bonus  
 @bridagod how i use to smoke all up until senior year lmao 
 anotha one of my niggss gone bru im sick of this shit bru i got smoke wt whoeva on my daddy bru
 but marijuana is not allowed 
 school   money amp weed is all i care about rn. everything amp everybody else is irrelevant
 i just wanna smoke all night
 yall fuccin with the weed  
 need a bitch thats gone suck my dick while i smoke my weed
 i need a weed man. where yall at tf
 @profgalloway holy smokes nice sale to gartner  man  ill be in ny in two weeks. round of beers on me
 twisting my weed  easing my mind
 controversial  if the only way you can have fun is with weedalcoholpills youre boring. likes it cool but theres more to life honestly
 somebody smoke this blunt w me 
 max when ur pussy looks like smoked meat....... can relate
 @imthomasgibson this is smokey. my husband and i rescued him from a bad situation at 9 12 weeks his bio father wou 
 for 8 years cnn aired specials on marijuana in prime time  obama is out of office and they start reporting news makeamericagreatagain
 @realdonaldtrump you want to up your approval rating legalize marijuana in all 50 states and well talk
 the trump white house  wheres there smoke theres fire russiagate trumprussia wikileaks carterpage mikeflynn paulmanafort
 i always try to be slick when im high only to leave weed on my shirt 
 and smoke sum
 my new alias is yung weed
 i smoke weed wherever i go like its legal
 knox yesterday 2 troopers patrolled us50 amp us41 for 4 hrs and issued 11 tickets 19 warnings. one driver was cited for poss. of marijuana.
 a true piece of shit smoking rapper weed in bathing ape menswear gonna watch my friend get married.
 lmfaoooo smoked all ya shit and aint even bathe 
 oh and what you aint gon ever fuckin do is smoke my shit wo me present fuck is you doing
 when i smoke i should feel better
 i need some of the best smoke in the city somebody @ em  dm me  whatever.
 something about weed amp coffee
 making @jesteva62755 recipe beef jerky today on @campchef smokepro dlx. @mariocfulco @sgt458 @ajbaldwin 
 @bblackgoldd not for me  i aint feel sorry for her specially after she smoked his weed up lol
 if i smoke and dont have some sort of spiritual awakening its a waste.
 @asvpxrocky lets smoke some ls rocky
 my brother dropped his weed. he thru a temper tantrum
 @prandpoli @tedlightbulb @cannabisculture the emerys gave away more weed than any street dealer ever has.
  change your clocks  test your smoke detector battery daylightsavings
 i need a fuckin drink and a blunt and i dont even smoke anymore
 bro where u get this weak ass weed  me 5 minutes laterhttpst.coeumsroc2ak
 i wanna smoke weed
 @famousdex i got the gas lets smoke a wood
 id rather be yo nigga .. so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day 
 i wanna smoke but its to hot outside 
 i smoke blunt with ha watch ha show out 
 so much tumble weed
 someone smells like weed
 trying out parkeys smokehouse in lebanon tonight. where do you like to go in indiana for 
 all this weed wit nobody to smoke wit
 i wonder do she roll up weed
 ugh... the need to smoke haunts me but i wont spend any money until ive paid all my bills. hurry up and get my ca 
 medford  nj dwelling fire 2 old mill run. originally reported to be smoke in the garage. f2520 arrived and placed all companies service.
 life is really boring when im broke and dont have weed
 @suevavoom right  like how u travel across the country without a plan b and she dead smoked all that nigga weed.
 chicken bacon ranch pizza after a session wit a bunch of real smokers 
 today  i woodworked  caught up on my job  read from kraken  finished a draft  wrote a chapter in another book  smoked a cigar. solid day.
 man who tryna smoke sum dm me
 when you look at your weed stash and see you have barely anything left 
 this is a smokey song...    iliketowatch
 i prefer being alone. i dont like sharing my weed
 niggas deadass be on facebook home of the boys like who got the gas  niggas deadass respond amp tell the world they sell weed 
 i used to buy drugs over here  i mean weed
 i cant wait to eat my weight in smoked salmon and avocado tomorrow morning.
 im so ready to eat and smoke
 music amp weed go hand to hand 
 gotta fat ass blunt rolled. but im too lazy to go smoke it
 dont change your clock  you will end up confused. dont replace your smoke detector battery amp test it  you will en 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 my dad gets in my car dad  it normally smells like weed in here hm today it doesnt  me  i just told you i been sober
 when you wanna wake up and smoke but forgot you rolled yo last blunt at 5am  shxd i  gotta go out this door
 waiting in the drive thru at starbucks and the car in front of me just grabbed a jar of weed out of their truck.... atlanta
 it was a dark point in my life i wasnt letting bitches hit no weed unless they was bein nassy thank god im jehovahs witness now
 @dickgottfried @nygovcuomo @lizkrueger @stirpeal best friend daughter died at 20 from heroinleft 2 yr daughter.if she smoked mj be alive
 i just bout spilled all my weed i wouldve been hot
 i ate an edible but i forgot i ate that edible and i just smoked. if i die  please remember that men are trash.
 good about time we weed out bad teachers as well and keep the great ones kudos to you ms american teacher 
 damn where are the girls that can really pearl aka roll a blunt.  shoot ill provide the weed just roll up. 
 glad it dont get dark early no more   so the weedmans aint got no excuse on why they aint posted 
 all we fuck smoke n sleep
 im so mad and i just want some weed but i cant even fucking go anywhere
 you think i came here to visit friends hell no i drove 21 hours from oklahoma to california to see a real  live tumble weed
 days like this make me glad i dont smoke cigarettes bc id be chain smoking like crazy rn
 if you smoke  thats gross  dont smoke.
 she wasnt satisfied so she came to me.  wanted to smoke a blunt while she showed me her back seats.
 @commonman80 mikebrown the merchandise he promised he would. nor would he return the weed. the video shown to the public was mike brown
 i cannot tell if anyone reads my tweets. if you read this  please send a smoke signal that says the code read your tweet.
 i really just want a cool girl best friend whos down for whatever amp smokes weed  wya
 dude try this weed suppository it gets you so high
 niggas smoke black n milds like they newports down hurr
 roll one  smoke one
 @tbonehall livin the dream lol eat good smoke good
 fuck tee lets smoke dis fatboy up
 fuck new braunfels and the weak ass plugs here yall front so much i need want weed bro
 if this nigga lived closer i swear my weed adventures would be everyday 
 drank hemp syrup on my b day and everyone passed out by 10pm but now we are up before 7 am so idk how i feel about it....
 now he wont leave me alone amp i just wanna smoke amp go back to sleep 
 blessed at @zuckersbagels amp smoked fish in new york  ny  
 im tryna smoke a joint
 you a smoker so you know im gone get stoned with ya
 work  sleep  smoke  everyday
 @braddjaffy @artist4ever @politifact if there were a fact checking machine  the damn thing would be belching smoke amp popping bolts by now
 colonial tour guide yes folks that is the smell of marijuana  it is legal here. side note come to college here its super fun   dead
 my moms stay comin in clutch with the ganja
 i wanna go smoke hookah with chris but of course im working 
 i still lol a little when my texas family calls someone if a druggie if they only smoke weed
 hi its not cute  cool  or funny to talk about how much weed u smoke and honestly nobody cares pls shut the fuck up
 do not kill this weed its one of the best healing best herbs on the planet   via @natlivingideas
 girls 4 years ago kyle why do you smoke thats gross  girls today smoke that cigarette lip gallagher  me 
 after hes done pullingburning the weeds and i get my bon fire pit   my mom said i could throw kick backs  fucking litttt
 i told my mom i made cake pops and brownies but i didnt tell her i put weed in them and she wants to buy some
 westside weed gt east side weed. its not up for debate.
 me asf when i did an olive green smokey eye a few months ago 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 @duckfanaccount @neckbeardnick can i smoke a cigarette with you
 so thats what the smoke by my house is 
 but how jeff sessions in trump set it up open back private prisons in trying to make weed a crime again man u get caught with rion u fucked
 when u look at the unedited video they did not trade for weed...gave his weed back and put items back on shelf 
 @michellelhooq dude with a cart that could feed him for 5 years gasping my weed man dont wanna see me and im mad 
 hater mad for whatever reason smoke in the air
 it takes approx. 2 hours to grocery shop with a girlfriend after 2 drinks and loads of smoke 
 update  currently about to smoke a backwood  
 that aggravated the fuck outta me and i cant even smoke
 philly weed is trash 
 my sweet coworker tells me he knows all the connections in his complex amp i was like like weed and stuff or
 yo i just choked on my cigarette smoke and almost threw up dis da funniest shit idk why 
 ima be high all day from giving people dabs. ugh and i dont even smoke lol
 she said she wanna roll w me and smoke up all my weed
 does marijuana cause cancer | psychology today 
 somebody needa get up and go cook ampamp somebody needa go get some weed 
 baby the weed lit  lemme take you on this trip
 i pass the weed to the pastor 
 @braddjaffy @realdonaldtrump @potus44 now trump is trying to take it all back amp staff is trying to cover it up. proof went up in smoke.
 remember  dont leave weed in the mailbox
 if i smoke this blunt boy im gon forget you
 this coffee was shit until i smoked and now its quite alright
 steam both sides of the l freeze smoke rings and they hail sleet snow grind for the wealth
 ill be in portland this afternoon whos trying to have a mini smoke sesh
 @montana0323  my dad was so right.  he never went to mds.  the dr will surely find something  he smoked like a chimney amp lived to be 90.
 i was disgusted like bitch how dare u sit there and smoke while youre pregnant that baby is suffering cuz you wanna be an aint shit parent
 my weed girl  im literally fucking weak but its the truth 
 do you drink or smoke
 my 10 yr old brother thought wyd meant weed  i guess if you sound it out it sounds like it 
 .@justintrudeau .@pmcanadien .@canadianpm justincanwetalk stop this insanity help fold the existing cannabis indu 
 fuck it  ill smoke  till i choke  pothead weed 
 @kingddre bbq at my house on sunday. come through  drink a little  smoke a little. you know 
 dont smoke  dont drink but ill easily run yo pockets.
 i gotta double back money and it aint nothin like dat weed and that crack money
 @kayleahj and yet have probably drank and smoked more than me lmao
 drugmovies @midnight the weed of chucky
 @bowtiebanda open to the public. say yes when they ask if you smoke. 21
 when you take your homies to the dealers grow room for the first time and they just started smoking weed 
 back in texas. dude i just want to be home already. and smoke a fattyyyyyy.
 i said to my mom mom i lowkey think you smoke weed she just laughed lmfaoooo
 @alexis38sanchez i dont smoke but still love listening to music is that still cool
 aint smoked in 3 whole ass weeks lmaooooo
 i am totally nancy botwin from season 3 of weeds right now.
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 am just trying to smoke a blunt with you and talk about how your day has been...i need me a bae first 
 kenny rogers  i want him to play at my weeding
 why weed is illegal right here 
 @vanjones68 @nonsoinbills keep his feet to the vanno one else willwe have2stop this maniac its a smoke screen2cover up russian ties
 im feigning for smokes and the universe is just throwing hella not today my way  help
 guess ill smoke a blunt thats what i do when im bored
 hmu if you wanna smoke  today bout to piss me off
 finna smoke this extendooooo 
 lunch @ smokey ds bbq in des moines  ia  
  seriously. this happened when 45 leaked his own 2 paged tax return. smoke and mirrors. resist trumptaxreturns
 to everyone in my mentions  yes i fucking get it you wouldnt waste your weed on a fucking face mask goddamn it
 agenda for treasurer john chiangs third cannabis banking group meeting. @johnchiangca @caboenews @calftb 
 @thequint seems there is smoke somewhere  these fake reporters can not admire hardwork of common man @tajinderbagga. shame on fakenews
 sessions triples down on marijuana as dangerous  says mmj hyped and stupid as a solution to opioid crisis 
 i got a whole blunt in my pocket and my mama looking around trying to figure why it smell like weed in here 
 fuck life fuck feelings smoke propane
 ap  montana lawmakers consider sales tax on medicinal marijuana  bdcnews
 dont be a bitch and blame weed for your weight gain  hun
 incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 39 i90  state fair i690 
 hmmm  how many marijuana overdose cases have there been  and how many heroin overdose cases 
 everything is grey his hair  his smoke  his dreams and now hes so devoid of color he dont know what it means
 @wilw if anyone is gonna find a way to die from cannabis it would be a becky.
 i will smoke a joint and think about that. 
 @chrisismatter no but fr.i dont even know what it feels like to smoke it by itself  but im gone see soon  i  be drunk amp hi when i do
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 holy smokes
 ordered weed leggings on my grandmas amazon and she instantly texted me pot pants not your style thanks amazon.. thanks for that email
 jeff sessions college gf totally cheated on him with her weed dealer
 if you thought fat 12 year olds didnt get back on d when you were a kid  you should see fat 35yr old desk workers who smoke 2 packs a day
 when i dismissed a possession of marijuana charge earlier  i had him in mind. smh 
 finally unpacked from florida today and holy smokes i have so many clothes
 @dudethatstee @theylovekay @feenforshay @valaaaaryj @lexthaboss @yxngb @oddesseyj @kammysosa @chynaaa11 crib be smoked tf out haan
 who tryna smoke a blunt on this fine wednesday evening
 sign this petition demanding trump backs off cannabis and keeps campaign pledge 
 @kcslater  performing live march 24th up in smoke 222 s. broad st. kcslater soapbox   
 tennessee whiskey texas weed just dont give me the thrill i need
 ricky dont ever wanna smoke 
 llab when i worked at the cleaners i used to smoke behind that hoe and the mexicans that cleaned the clothes never 
 mfs ruined our friendship over a gram of weed like i wasnt gunna weigh it im panda 
 a rabbi  a priest and an atheist smoke weed together. 
 i swear my hair never wants to cooperate in a ponytail until im doing nothing but smoking weed and going to sleep
 i must have pothead tatted on my head because i cant go anywhere without niggas asking if i need weed
 student nite out with very promising future weed scientists wsws17
 yea bitch ima functional weed head i hate a lil bitch that blow yo high way before you light the blunt
 pop 2 pills  amp smoke 2 blunts 2cups i escape the pain 
 somebody on my tl just said its hard to find weed round this time 
 im boutta smoke for my first time in some months. fuck it
 ready to smoke a blunt gee
 @realdonaldtrump many on this thread missing the point. this is  a smoke screen for 45 accusing a former president of a felony. unhinged.
 lmfao when you got weed and a bong but noooooo fucking lighter
 @simon0108 we can meet up but no beer  no shots  no cocktails  no weed  no cocaine  no crack  no needles  no anything for me tonight lol
 industrial hemp act moves out of senate ag unanimously @ilfarmersunion  @ilstewards thanks @toihutchinson @ilsendems
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy   transportation job jobs
 @tortillaenjoyer trying to accept my weirdness divergence is more badass sounding tho and weed and art and music are good for this
 this nigga just said he had to shit grabbed the blunt amp been gone for a solid 10 minutes  if he smoke without me all hell gone break loose
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy  
 holy smokes  
 who said weed was a fun thing to do 
 i cant smoke no cigarette 
 @realdonaldtrump dont let ag sessions deny medical marijuana to patients helped by mm. veterans with ptsd like my sons one day need mm help
 @realdonaldtrump dont let the folks that elected you amp need medical cannabis be treated like a heroin addict drain swamp not patients
 currently watching space jam n smoking weed   thinking of a master plan
 amp when you smoke  
 no excuses on not supporting hemp bball tonight at 8 bc we dont have school tmw  get ur butts to martz hall
 me and @dairaperez offering weed for friends 
 im at sonny bryans smokehouse in irving  tx 
 sure you can pay me in weed to feed your cat
 ima smoke it till its gone
 its just marijuana. @chiefkeef
 you are the human equivalent of a smoke ring blown on the worlds smallest vape
 ive never smoked in my room till this week and my mom hasnt even noticed.
 damn dude door almost fell off when i opened the door .. how u certified to drive for lyft this car smell like burnt weed
 when you see the weed start sparking  
 drinking a smoke on the porter side project volume 28 by @terrapinbeerco @ plantation bay  
 im so for real bro i gotta go walk and smoke to get away from them 
 now pay attention you smokers you 
 cooler full of marijuana donated to goodwill 
 thank you @theblaze and @glennbeck for giving medical cannabis the respect it and its patients deserve. sb269 
 i curse the day i started smoking weed.
 @alanacruisexxx wow smoken hot body sweetie
 dont smoke cigarettes they say
 on some real shit if i ever text you lets get high its only because i need a place to smoke lol..
 you smoking weed  no. why not 
 Pittsburgh: PA
 cant stand no fake smoker
 alright ill fess up  ive got weed @ annonymous 
 where the weed at
 i need some smoke
 got that wanna smoke text. say no mo
 k so  everytime i smoke a cig dis gon pop in my head now 
 amp today i almost applied at weedmaps but then i got high..smh no more sleepin on myself
 so like.... i could also smoke weed which is forever an option....
 i think senator sessions is way out of touch when it comes to cannabis. what is bad that it is federally illegal time to decriminalize weed
 @salon i do not know anyone who has overdosed and died on marijuana herion and alcohol overdoses are deadly
 dont die on st. patricks day from alcohol poisoning. smoke a dooby instead. stpatricksday 
 nobody tryna smoke wit me  i hate soloing blunts
 smoking weed is literally the best thing ever
 goes without cigs and food the entire day chain smokes and eats my weight the next
 @snoopdogg youre no legend to me  i give no fucks about your criminal ass. weed may be legal now  but youve been flaunting it for longer.
 how did smoking even become a thing   lets roll this plant up and light it on fire  then stick it in our mouths and inhale the smoke.  
 incident on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17n  hempstead avenue to exit 18  eagle avenue 
 i could literally have 10k in my account and spend 100 on weed without thinking but as sooooooon as i pay i bill 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 keep your household  kids and pets safe from accidental exposure to cannabis with these locked 
 need a woman who about her business and smoke is that too much to ask for
 but a gram of weed is 
 i need to smoke
 new orleans on st. patty day holy smokes were crazy  @ 
 holy smokes im exhausted.
 salty and smokey  drinking a peanut butter and bacon by @witchshatbrew @ witchs hat brewing   
 smoke a lil weed but his shit together 
 the portapotty i was just in reeked of weed. and yes im guessing someone baked out in a portapotty. stpatricksday nashville
 im ready to go home  i aint smoked in a week amp its spring break 
 real friends let friends smoke without matching 
 my girl never let me smoke a blunt while we in traffic 
 i want a smoked turkey leg
 asthma kicked in tonight... hacking like a smoker.
 guess which roomie almost accidentally smoked crack in savannah she thought the friendly homeless man was offering her weed
 @ajfcigars way to go ajoutstanding smoke sir @ louisville  kentucky 
 amp weed 
 i keep that glizzy who want smoke 
 i havent smoked weed in a while because id rather not go through teenage boys just to get stoned.   my mother
 tell u what tho..gotta who lotta weed to smoke before we get back on this plane 
 ion smoke people out and i rarely match. 
 everything blowing bouta smoke and dose off.
 havent smoked hookah in a long time and let me tell you it has me feeling good lol 
 everybody in this room is smoking cigs amp i dont smoke cigs amp i feel like im suffocating 
 livepd oh hell legalize cocaine  why not we can drink like fish and smoke like fire life to short lol
 now a grass fire is producing heavy smoke on us 180 north of flagstaff. there are no travel restrictions at this t 
 man i need to smoke
 i smoked hash and drank and drank and drank 
 you got a 600 a month weed habit but always wonder where ya money goin.
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 @disneyland the dialog on this ride was hilarious to smoke weed to. i have pierced the wall of the oxygen atom i am so infinitely small..
 fist blunt i smoke again is gonna be a fattt assss backwood
  come ride with me and smoke this l baby  
 i just need 7 or 14 grams of some kill weed but weed man and everyone else probably drunk as shit.  im sober af mentally and physically 
 i havent smoked weed in 3 days bruh  shit crazy.
 i slept for about 11 hours lol. as soon as i got home from work i showered and smoked a few bowls and i was out by 1130
 wheres the weed
 cuh be havin the best smoke and i cant ever remember what i be saving his number ass
 somebody in memphis wanna have a listening party to more life  you provide the spot ill sponsor the weed and order us a pizza
 i hate when people dont know how to smoke amp still record themselves.. like wtf are you doing
 if its not weed dont smoke it around me 
 see our latest helenawesthelena  ar job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 good run into state playoffs for hempfield. @llhoops we are all proud llfamily 
 besides weed  how you gone improve yourself milliondollarquestion
 i know it breaks your heart that i only smoke papers  i dont smoke bars babe
 marijuana  we cant smoke together if you smoke like this. what is that 
 im just waiting on @fukkit to come back home so we can smoke out and take all that new energy from tx and drop it in the stu with bino
 why did i just go on snoop doggs twitter and suddenly smelled weed
 ive had 5 ppl now come up to me askin if i sell weed lmao sxsw
 free smoke
 holy fuck free smoke is fucking lit
 free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke  free smoke
 free smoke free smoke 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 lmao rip smokey 
 my dad is comfortable to grind and smoke around me and idk how to feel about that 
 i spilled some catnip and my grandma yelled at me for wasting the weed .
 free smoke beat drops 
 people out here on the street smoking meth  im just trying to smoke some weed  people on the streets of portland
 free smoke free smoke ayy
 free smoke gon stick cause the freeee shmooke  freeeee smoke in the hook. he talking quite heavy though.
 and dont forget drake pushed this wack shit back from that december release cuz his project didnt want no smoke with coles 
 young thug i smoke gas  thats that hercules.  me strong marijuana 
 underwater love by smoke city is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 all he does is smoke weed and give you meat  shawty you dating a cookout grill....
 free smoke  in my opinion  is drakes best hype song.
 free smoke free smoke
 if she smokes blacks  dont trust her. especially wood tips
 tonight im lookin for a party crowd slamminem back and laughin out loud where the smokes so thick them blues cant hang around 
 just woke up to have a smoke and im so excited for @greenday idk if i can sleep for another 3 hrs
 i need a weedman to come serve me some dope
 the guy said that was normal when i bought it  what the smoke coming through the floor board  or it heating up both
 its such a wonderful day to smoke cigarettes drink coffee i hope the sun comes out   and i love you so much
 blow cigarette smoke in my face and youll take a blow to the face.
 i get off in a few hours  lets chef some weeds 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 919 north carrollton avenue baltimore 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 for real though marijuana is not addicting but you can become dependent on it and anyone who says you cant doesnt smoke loud loud
 free smoke free smoke
 bro stay out my fucking weed 
 man yall cant tell me free smoke dont got the same flow and beat as grammys lol
 free smoke free smoke
 come smoke that mf wit me my boy 
 i aint smoked since last friday 
 on the question of the trump campaign conspiring with the russians here  there is smoke  but there is no fire at allmichael morell
 all i wanna do today is drop some limes in some coronas and smoke cigars outside
 free smoke  the only song i like from the album everything else  not for me
 free smoke free smoke aye
 get smoked is a classic lil mouse created a heater at age 13
 son i blew weed smoke right in the police face yesterday and wasnt paying attention 
 stop snapping me videos of weed
 i smoke hookahs just to get high from the salmonella
 drake  free smoke 
 free smoke free smoke ay
 @leathershirts can we smoke a blunt together
 kyle busch is a jack weed
 wilson led south carolina vs. asu with 18 points11 rebounds ... now departed guards hempen  davis combined for 22 for asu
 im full. so im ready to smoke and nap
 ima smoke a bowl lock myself in my room and listen to the new drake.. mainly cuz of the production though
 why marijuana legalization could mean more workplace scrutiny for employees 
 sex  drugs  rock n roll speed  weed  birth control lifes a bitch and then you die so fuck the world and lets get high
 cheyanes mom  my dream is to walk into a store with weed on the counter and be able to pick my own bud and smoke it 
 my mom goes this looks like weed u would never know she lived thru the 70s 
 trump wants to take all the illegal immigrants out that put drugs in our country the white girl that smokes every other day
 my landlord just put weed killer shit all over the lawn  i swear if it gets any of my animals sick..
 why cant i find a chill girl to kick back smoke a blunt and watch anime.....
 nah deadass though who smoke gas tryna match
 mixed feelings on this. if youre ok with your kid smoking weed then why not but if not you dont have to bitch abo 
 wish id stop forgetting i have weed on me when i go to work 
 free smoke free smoke aye
 free smoke  free smoke 
 album of the night. laid back album house music smoke album u ask me 
 placed was so damn smoked out my eyes started burning 
 free smoke free smoke aye
 i hate when people find out i smoke and they act so surprised
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i love it when the weed does its job 
 @tonyposnanski @realdonaldtrump throws more smoke than a wood burner with a bad down draft
 i wish i had someone to smoke with in manhattan
 i need some damn weed
 all you niggas got jokes  free smoke 
 this will be my lunch today. kale salad with avocado and @rawxies smoked paprika crunchies. 
 dolo at the juice bar weed spot 
 15 things you need to know before investing in marijuana stocks  the motley 
 damn i cant smoke nomore until my next court date  but fuck it i gotta choose weed or jail.
 jesus rides beside me  he never buys any smokes.
 opening up an online smoke shop filled with some cool stoner toys   coming v soon.
 a crackhead prolly found my wallet and smoked all my money up 
 ill roll ya weed baby give ya what ya need baby 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 823 n calhoun st  
 monona grove hs smoke alarm activated by a mechanical error  says hs administrator  students safe outside  no fire 
 the sample at the beginning of free smoke makes me really happy.
 the only reason weed is illegal is so the prisons will stay full smh
 donald trump created the big gray cloud hanging over his administration...hope he chokes on the smoke
 free smoke bumps
 do you smoke
 if i did smoke cigarettes  @ajstylesorg telling me to stop would be enough to stop
 all i need is a bag of weed just something chill  some company
 can we remember that last year my intro for my hi for a period of time was as wise snoop dogg once said  smoke weed every day. 
 sparkly smokey eye .   beatbyjazzie    @makeupforwoc @glowkit makeuptwitter beatfacetwitter 
 someone come be a real one and smoke me out 
 my manager gust told me he smokes weed lol its lit
 i wanna smoke   i havent in like month .
 wish i had a pretty bitch to smoke these moonrocks with tonight
 lmao my gma literally walked in on us rolling a blunt amp have weed all over the table and didnt say one word about it
 shower smoke then sleep
 @glutenfreedoc cbd cannabis
 she smell the smoke and she know its sesh
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation brunswick  tn
 the sweatshirt im.so in love adore cancelled gender and invented weed 
 meritocracy and whats known as the achievement gap is a smokescreen for the twoheaded hydra known as whiteness and capitalism.  edchat
 bry basically just told our whole class amp our professor that we smoke weed regularly lmao 
 see our latest byhalia  ms job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 we got you stop by amp check us out.  damn air freshener   legal sizzurp   cbd gummies  cbd hemp 
 the sampler player at voyagers smokehouse at seaworldorlando . a bounty of smoked meat. 
 if anyone wants to come to smokey row later im sure ill need a dinner break 
 home made smoked pork belly. the best thing to eat here. hunan @ wonderful 
 well deserved after a long day on the trails at great smokey ... gotta get up to get down  photo
 mac dre we dont like broke bitches  we dont like brown weed  we dont like no snitches.. the bay take the polic 
 gonna smoke and ride horses. im in a better mood.
 just had evann burn sage and disperse the smoke around me and my blanket cocoon to cleanse me of negativity.
 210  i need to smoke like 210 blunts 
 smoking weed and listening to songs from the 1950s amp 1960s
 free smoke
 @missmarleybelle you need to stop smoking so much weed.
 planned parenthood quit trying to push your view upon rep mike coffmans supporters in colorado to push your smoke screen for funding.
 i dont vent i just smoke it away
 vape accessories yep stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 it aint bout how it look its bout how it smoke you lil niggas be lost 
 lol i really just wanna smoke right meow
 b220138 passed medical marijuana dispensary congressional review emergency amendment act of 2017 
 i be tempting to smoke but then again ama keep that away from me for awhile just for my future
 @ginorestrepo this is smokey amp bandit
 mfs pop pills everyday but worried about the next mf smoking weed
 note to self. dont forget to leave the weed in the car next time 
  young fed and smoke 
 california cannabis companies are hiring. interest is high at this job fair 
 you know what really really pisses me off when people smoke right next to me. i dont smoke  and i dont want your second hand smoke.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1205 w cross st  send message.
 support weed not cigarettes
 great conference. learned so much about cannabis industry. not much different than the turf growers. at @flysfo 
 bitch after u fucked u bought pizza and smoked me out stfu i even helped u pick ur outfit 
 i love when i ask patients if they smoke or chew tabaco  and they respond by saying smoke what  and theyre so happy.  makes my day. 
 nassaus brush fire is still active  responders are battling additional spot fires  smokey conditions  avoid the 
 i got to sit next to doug benson backstage and watch him do sets for a couple nights back before i was old enough to even know what weed was
 me im done smoking friends aye you trying to smoke me 
 @calidali23 i got northern lights   come smoke
 @arielhelwani has ufc thought about changing its stance on marijuana or is it more complicated than that
 @kenniepowers smokes weed right eyelid completely fine left eyelid drags floor
 nyima ward would happily trade modeling for marijuana farming  va @wmag
 lets go eat and smoke some good dope 
 @elaineatwell they will continue to say that its smoke...the willfully blind dont ever see whats right in front of them.
 a beautiful girl who doesnt complain and sit back and smokes is what i like 
 just smoked a joint...  in my living room...  with my mom and step dad.  side note im drunk af.
 i just need to smoke 
 smoke a little weed but her shit together  
 i need to smoke
 tonight to see julianna clark one more time as she participates in the ll allstar game. 630 at hempfield hs @juliannaaclark @hsdathletics
  not dealing with you people on today  imma need a blunt amp i dont even smoke 
 i smoke soo much now that its like the days just go now...
 sb1197 new public health  maryland medical cannabis commission  membership  licensing  and studies 
 yeah i had a dream   yeah i smoke   yeah you think i need you but i dont     mood  
 nebraska smokers cost 162m for medicaid. ne has a budget crisis amp considering cutting childcare subsidies amp more. 
 ive smoked so much weed i forget that this shit is illegal 
 see our latest newtonsquare  pa job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 only remedy the truth serum weed is in ur body  ur prob on wrong cheap ones pharmaceutical pills drugs tainted y makes buck assbogop pic bb
 im just going to smoke a shit ton of medicalmarijuana today  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1008 north carey street baltimore  send messa 
 ready to find out how fabulous these crux limitada ipcpr cigars are. ive been wanting to smoke 1 for a while now 
 the fact i have my uncle on snapchat makes me laugh the guy sees me smoke weed  do drugs and just be a general cunt and he dont say shit 
 @sjsopio pretty sure the car i was riding behind was smoking so much weed  i could smell it through my air filter.
 somebody come they ontario and smoke me up i got em next time for sure
 @laurelovee she doesnt drink or smoke nor has she experienced even anything like going to a bar or party or anything lol
 @melloclarkusa bro dont be upset cause thats what i do every day while you smoking your dealers ny trash weed 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 15001512 kensett street baltimore  send mess 
 so we go upstairs to smoke amp one of my roomies was downstairs with the two girls so she text us saying they left ag 
 never thought id be masking the cigarette smell w weed instead of the other way around
 i think a piece of weed is stuck in my throat 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation frontroyal  va
 we can only hope that where theres smoke  theres a good barbecue.
  man smoked like a chimney 
 is this what weed looks like 
 @hollybear34 @dollzer7 that works as a rebus puzzle but i was thinking more like all we need is weed  peace  love  music  pets and phones.
 i just finished weeds and im emotional
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @bombaybacon didnt one of your friends wanted to smoke but they had no weed so you didnt roll through lol
 trying something new my first attempt at smoked almonds. garlichabanero seasoning applied  and 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation anniston  al
 broken clouds gt smoke temperature down 69f gt 68f humidity up 49 gt 52
 so i race down the escalator. when i arrive the deputy is searching my client and has about an ounce of my clients marijuana on his desk. 
 nigga said no i dont smoke crack 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation bloomington  il
 wanta a nigga to move  offer him some weed lol
 listening to free smoke while my lungs free smoke
 i wanna smoke hookah whos down 
 now they bout to make up reasons why the herb is bad but they the ones supplying this sus marijuana. the govt is p 
 im from chicago where the bitches think cause they cute they can smoke for free 
 proud papa of a @bentonsbacon smoked country ham. it weighs 18.5 lbs. come get some okraaz  
 walked into my house and all i smelled was weed...i dont even smoke and i live alone. how
 free smoke  free smoke
 my dogs do the most happynationalpupday  @ bear smokey 
 my tt said  its ight if i smoke my blunt i just.. i just gotta hit it one time  fucking crackhead
 @mrshaund @theemilyjackson @financialpost the poor use transit amp smoke the rich amp the middle class drink boozewere all screwed
 if u claiming gang u better get on yo shit cuz dis smoke finna be real 
 enter to win a dyna glo smoker 
 every weed shop 
 all the money in the world to buy weed and beer but ya cant pay me back
 theres a place in california called weed. i mean come on. 
 dinner tonight  pork butt covered in @yomommasstyle1 hickory smoked sea salt chipotle rub. 
 smoking rapper weed
 @kgthabest man im bout to smoke this to the face gn
 niggah we smoking that gas got me dying man. niggah aint even wanna smoke no more .  
 the absolute worst part about concerts is smelling weed that you dont have
 and i wouldnt care if she at least said bae im bout to smoke this ill get you some more later but that never happened reason 17 she an ex
  shes pretty but she smokes cancer sticks
 im taking all weed donations only for my bday  if i cant smoke it iion want it 
 excuse me while i take lift. muarkush 2017  harvest season april 20  2017  come smoke with me 
 tonight was the first time ive smoked in a hot second 
 vanderburgh last night isp arrested a 25 yo eville woman for poss of meth amp marijuana. stopped on us41 for expired plates.
 @marieharf  is a smoke screen for 0bama much like susan rice... @foxnews has no business having her on. @petehegseth @ainsleyearhardt
 once again if im playing midnight club and this come on you getting smoked 
 i realized who this boy is on jackd now...hate when guys vaguely describe who they are. its jay we smoked..nigga every dude online is jay
 i pray i can go to lil pump and smokepurpp tonight...
 chillax n smokeeee
 this pharmaceutical form of cannabis has been deemed a schedule two drug while weed is still schedule one. 
 selling weed makes you 10x more attractive
 @tdjakesshow @smokeyrobinson oh i love this.   so open maybe others will realize.  love smokey robinson
 i think im already overplaying free smoke 
 the only thing i smoke is the competition xxx  sxe  hxc  x
 you diss on my name  you get smoked the same day
 shut up mom i smoke dat dope 
 come through and smoke some gas  bottles on deck   dm for location 
 the original premise for the smokers section was for it to be a lounge type environment. have a hookah  hennessy.. etc. that never happened
 strange idea weed is illegal  tobacco legal  alcohol legal. when is the last time anyone died from smoking weed oh never hmm
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation chillicothe  oh
 see our latest janesville  wi job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 dense smoke advisory berkeley county 8pm10am dense smoke from prescribed burn. will impact rte48 45 41 17a 52 s 
 im taking up painting to put down smokes. this is painting 2 amp its proving addictive. may have to upgrade from d 
 @fumijapanese love it. wanna do a trade of foods i can bring you some great smoked chicken tasso and andouille sausage for some dinner 
 knowledge @ st smoke shop 
 if you smoke weed you should be smoking rn
 im finna smoke
 @kfdmnews  where is the fire at  heavy smoke smell north of fm 421 towards kountze on sh 326
 smoked weed with legends last night.  thats how we break bread now.
 why does it smell like a skunk andor weed in here
 people try anything when they need some weed 
 yes i smoke newport  if you dont like it i wont do it in front of you consideration
 rapper weed is something i never wanna smoke
 gotta go to my other job for 3 hours. my boss gon try makin me take weed breaks like i dont wanna go home 
 lorrie lit a cigarette  smiled amp waved the smoke out her face 
 if they dont got flavors.. they aint the weed mann... lol
 get rolled up ill smoke ya 
 fena jus smoke amp play black ops 3
 when ur 4x400 relay team absolutely smokes the competition and wins by 60m. proudcoach 
 ive saved anywhere from 600800 not smoking weed these past 4 months which means ive spent 2k on weed a year for the past 4 years
 ive said it before  and ill say it again  the best way to get free taco bell is to tip in weed  tacobell stoner livemas quesablunte
 not bad thanks george h.   drinking a finback ipa @ garage brewerytaproom  smokehouse  
 coming to menifee tomorrow for spring break.  hmu for friendship and smoke seshs
 @polaroidcatz we havent even smoked yet kick it next time
 its 420 somewhere lets smoke with our east coast friends 
 repost weed.creative with @repostapp  comment below   stolen from united420 @ westlake  los 
 idek if im trippin or not tbh ya girl gotta smoke some weed i think
 i dont smoke  but i hate people that are always high but never buy no weed. funny how that even works.
 we smoke so much the ashes startin to fall on me
 and im on my healthy shit cuz i smoked a paper...shit was trash lol
 how i mindfullt start morningsdrink a glass of water  have some cannabis  medititate amp a cupn komodo dragon starbucks french press coffee
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @tiffanyreisz maybe check out aflac for term life for andrew. i think they only care if he smokes. 
 pitmonster in training. ms. kyla pulling wings off the smoker. smofried loveourjobs westsidepride 
 you dont understand how insane we are all goin during smoke dawg at ever after 
 we matched w my hg dad amp he seen da blunt we rolledamptook his blunt out da rotation like yall gon headampsmoke  yall got 2 much weed in blunt
 68ths defeated  18th hungover  .58ths sea .58ths weed
 @cityofdallas you have giant homeless encampments where they smoke  not just cigarettes. how about fixing that
 see our latest trenton  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 @justjasminexxx after that kind of start to the morning  i might have to reschedule for monday. no weed amp a ripped nail aint the business 
 holy smokes. the stupidity. 
 last night i took 80 mg of weed edibles
 finna smoke this dolo cus im really blowed man smh ..
 you smoke weed wow youre like super cool and edgy. 
 this  aint gon smoke itself....
 ima smoke the whole thang and use all 3 rubbers
 i smoke for free hoe
 come through. and smoke and taking shots at the door whitehouse 
 @daddydoo2112 it is never ending wthem. rally in philly they throw smoke bombs  hubby says we shd take fire crakers scare shit out of them.
 free smoke to anybody u kno how im coming
 somebody smoke man
 quits smoking weed begins to drink excessively
 first time having grits. shrimp n grits were awesome. smoked brisket benedict was really good 
 ill smoke about
 perfect tree  cannabis  roots amp chalice version for the first time live in humboldt. respect @eesahmusic. 
 free smoke free smokkkkkke
 when u find out u can bring ur weed pen on the plane  san francisco  here i come 
 my man left the house talkn bout  when i come home from work its weed amp head for you babe  happy anniversary  so blessed
 i wish i brought weed  who has a plug in chicago 
 so glad marijuana is legal in nevada.  october 1st i will start making cannabis infused coconut oil.
 nigga dont you smoje weed illegally 
 tested out some smoke things for some future things and some cool things happen 
 i need friends like real friends to smoke with
 canada on some next level weed shizz @ downtown vancouver 
 keep dropping smoke till they free sauce
 who said girls cant smoke   
 i want someone to look at me the way @chappedman00 looks at weed 
 tryna smoke and get food wit somebody
 i remeber when yall aint want me to hit the weed but now that yall see me rappin yall ask me to hit the weed
 free smoke
 smoke good weed wit a bad bihhh
 starting the day with a memorable smoke by @epcarrillo  
 @liamstack @petesouza @speakerryan the president of the united states is a foul ball in high weed.
 i got weed in my eye and now my shit is swollen 
 @b former president barack obama advocates marijuana after legalization  toronto streets full of marijuana smell  blacks up  thefts increase
 even the dog got the couch. so im going to smoke cigarettes until someone else in the house gets up.
 im tryna go on a hike and smoke a couple
 i honestly dont even care that my boyfriend smoke  i just be tryna run shit 
 ummmmmmmmmm i am not a smoker yet i have found a random black and mild in my drivers side car door. 
 whos trynna smoke down when i get home
 ihavebeenthinkingand smoke is coming out of my ears.
 @naomi martin what a story about kara in todays newspaper i would vote to use medical marijuana for her condition.
 good weed  funny  great conversation  lots of useless facts  good advice  dope moviemusic taste  dependable. im a 
 @nickbagexel bout to say...i remember you smoke dont lie to me lol
 june clever may have vacuumed in heels amp pearls  but did she kill weeds amp household pests in her sunday best whos the ideal now june who
 somehow ended up in santa monica when i was ubering and got smoked out by a korean dude named paul.. made a new friend and got stucc. 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 ihavebeenthinkingand weed helps me live with my depression and sparks my artistic side
 hanging w the cigar crew. i smell. @ smoke chophouse 
 smokin foreign weed eatin gourmet carne asada its the life i longed for
 please someone come over and fix my smoke detector
 do you know what kind of absolute fiend shit you have to be on to smoke a roach blunt made out of roach blunts made out of roaches fiend.
 justsayn the lesson learned from legalizing marijuana is that  if society does something illegal long enough that itll become legal.
 now that i dont smoke anymore  i get bored easily
 jus tryna chill and smoke da gas nun major
 never thought i was gonna see someone smoke inside a starbucks garbage but i guess i was wrong
 @putridtoucan988 bruh i havent smoked since october but forcefully of course
 king on uk attacker where theres smoke  theres fire 
 im deeply emotional rn bc i just got smoked in front of 
 when the client comes in saying its chocolate toxicity but really their dog just ate their weed  
 her and her boyfriend probably smoke crack together.
 i think my uncle graduated from smoking cigarettes because he just came in from smoking and that does not smell like cigarette smoke
 bout to smoke this blunt and play 2k till i crash
 given that i always mistook that maple leaf for a marijuana leaf... i am glad they went that for that decision.
 cant date a guy who tells me i smoke too much . ill never leave bae   never
 need somebody to smoke with 
 im up at 130 listening to this guy talk about galaxys and stars.i feel like im obligated to smoke weed and think about what he said now
 the shitty thing about local bars is that people can smoke in them so you come home reeking of cigarette smoke
 i smoke a fair amount of weed and i swear edibles get me zooted af off like two bites.. every time.
 @lualilies when we walked in here i told you i would be conducting this interview. now exactly how much pot did you smoke
 trump talking about mexicans now canada is going to have legal weed. the problem isnt other countries its us. war on drugs is a failure
 my loves in life were represented in tonights @crashinghbo .  hockey  sleeping on someones couch  being in awe of @sarahksilverman amp weed.
 damn this bitch had marijuana and fucking meth. she wilding.
 @ambitchous  i was wondering if you went to work so you can come smoke lol
 me i need some black neighbors  auntie  no tf i dont keep them weed head white kids over there and them bad black kids go to their house
 im ready to get home amp smoke a blunt wit baby 
 so the feds cant find a missing girl or a fucking missing plane but they can find a lil ass sack of weed between a dudes nuts merica
 she get dick  weed  and ignored. thats a dwi nigga 
 register your bbq team today for 2nd annual lilque smokeoff june 23 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 someone smoke with me 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1809 e pratt st  send message.
 gotta be honest. kicking the weed habit was one of the best decisions i ever made for myself.
 see our latest pikeville  ky job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at us violetville baltimore  send message. 
 damn i smoked a bit of dro and i dont feel nauseous bro.
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 i want to meet this persons weed man 
 update the medical marijuana bill is now hearing amendments on the house floor. they are discussing the logistics of growingselling
 not mine. he dont smoke....tragic 
 im bout to smoke my last blunt in hopes that i will be blessed with more dopeage later lol
 joey bada will smoke logic 
  free the weed
 lol get smoked fl 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation brownsville  tn job
 holy smokes  what is happening   someone pinch me.
 72hours til expertjointslive  smoke weeds everyday w donbriere amp chrisnelson of 
 @rumanddiabetes oh yeah  ive got all these hemp seeds
 autumn your so short when u smoke a blunt you cant even get high me  shortjokes 420jokes blunts 420humor
 am i sensitive because im a @mapleleafs fan or does andersen get way too much contact from opp teams hes always getting smoked. tmltalk
 big smoke by teezy the heartstoppa  teamheartstoppa 
 @danscavino @realdonaldtrump @potus @secretaryross medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 
 a girl should be alright as long as she had her friends  her weed and her art.
 we dont count the same cash or smoke the same weed
 legalization of marijuana is working fine.  looks like canada is going to legalize. now you have sessions equating weed with heroin.
 little do she know she gotta smoke it with me 
   it would appear the minoritys plan to construe democracy went up...in smoke     not bad right
 i know im too high lmaoooo i been hittin an unlit blunt for two mins looking for smoke
 stay talking about pussy  money  weed lmfao how about honesty  trust and loyalty
  my boy fasho. was cool last year but had to fr link up this year. hoop  smoke  and chill be the daily schedule 
 are you an absolute trainwreck but can afford a step higher than community college do you like trees and marijuana 
 smoking weed aint cute.  bitch too bad i aint smoking weed to be cute. 
 i jus wanna smoke weed and eat tacos
 they used a bible verse in the argument against marijuana. seperation of church and state is nonexistent in america.
 my lungs sound like i smoke cigarettes out of a gravity bong
 i just wanna smoke a fatty
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 like when i drive all the way to hempstead for strawberry preserves  
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation fairmont  wv
 i hate the type of people who say wanna get high i dont smoke herb to get high fiend ass people
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 and ive smoked more cigarettes in the past three days than i have my whole life
 me and my grandma had to go pick up my weed man from the police station  
 @oreillyfactor bill  your credibility is zero. the susan rice story is garbage smoke screen. youre a water boy. give it up.
 man i smoke so many leaves  i piss trees a dude at the library
 i thought i was out of weed then i find a full jar in the car  lmao
 @fedor420 we get it  you drank a wine cooler and smoked a roach  got the spins and threw up. yous a pussy my mans
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 showing melissa video of my friend smoking   me this shit hurt my lungs.   melissa i cant even smoke air  me 
 the smell of cigarettes smoke is the worst thing ever
 i used to wanna pipe after i would smoke blunts but now all i wanna do after i smoke is sleep lol
 my lord it is depressing seeing how many times the many destroy the few  am speaking in a broader context than smokes
 @hawaiidelilah @shellybksf smoke and mirrors slight of hand. distraction tactics. con artist trickery cut to black.
 i was singing dont give me no bammer weed at work tonight lol rblposse
 @trudaddytilly wheres the weed
 releasing all the black prisoners that are in there for weed possession. 
 medical marijuana caught in limbo 
 blacks are have 4 times the chance to being arrested for small amounts of marijuana than caucasians despite usage b 
 good morning smoke a joint before i got to ihop so forgive me for 
 dont waste your weed on flat earth theories
 my car smells like farts and weed
 @ketchmarkwcpo @cincywxman @jacobsweather and a short time to get there sorry smokey and the bandit pun lol
 im not a crackhead but like can a bitch smoke some reefer and still get a job or
 with payday right around the corner  i shit you not  i can already smell my weed 
 the legal notice which is sueable by a court of law for defamation of character. i do not drink  do not smoke  do drugs. i have never
 lost you in a sea of smoke  bet youre glad i finally spoke. keeping quiet all the time  dirty head and colorblind.
 @misslollipopmfc i dont smoke... so im going to have another coffee now.. d
 my turn.  triple threat because i dont pass  24  with my 4  4s  whos hoe  oh thats yours bro  shes smoked because i blew her o
 im exhausted and i still dont have weed. my life is officially in shambles
 veterans in ohio hung themselves because they ate lead paint and smoke cigarettes when they were young 
 always great to hear from @walpolechief carmichael on marijuana laws at the @mjpoa conference. thx chief 
 i repeatthe auc dont want no smoke with gsu
 there is just something about cute bubbly happy girls who can roll their own weed.
 professor what could you spend that 1000 on random kid in the back pot professor thats a lot of weed 
 im trynna smoke today 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1906 eastern ave  
 anybody down to do something  down to smoke
 got my doughnuts and weed  im good 
 why the fuck he got such a huge gun to talk to the mama of a girl who smoked a little bit of pot. 
 selling fake xanax via smoke signal
 lets smokey b4 too
 free smoke...
 kc decriminalized weed. im c walking all the way home 
 read an article about traveling with weed and now im even more confused than before
 persona has all the weed but no wraps personb wants to smoke but has no weed a offers b a smoke out if b buys wrap who keeps the backwoods
 so to every girl ive met in the bathroom at the weed. 
 free smoke  free smoke
 first time smokers are so funny to me
 im at simply southern smokehouse in myrtle beach  sc 
 drinking a last days smoked brown ale by @lastdaysbrewing at @sugarmamasknox   photo
 why cannabis needs a civil rights act 
 weed smokers go to the uber app just to see the cars move. like its a video game
 really really hate when ppl smoke outside my window  im getting secondhand smoke just sitting in my bed 
 macaroni and cheese croquettes with tomato confiture and habanero ailoli topped with apple smoked bacon. 
 damn near everybody sell weed or hair
 teamnuggets cuz my 2k17 player is a denvernugget  and i really dont have a fav nba team besides weed is legal in denver iloveweed
 attention denver  co bud kushions will be debuting the worlds first marijuana budshaped 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 in nights like this dont forget to tip your weedman for driving through a storm just so you can blaze up 
 ok im bringing weed. just show up  please. same.
 he literally came up to my car and asked if i wanted to smoke lmfao
 the weed helps me visualize
 thats whats weed for 
 marine drive apartment fire @whiterockcity about 26 residents evacuated  ambulance @apbc873 treated a few for smoke 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 pulling poisonous weeds. 
 new hype song  roll up amp smoke  murphy lee 
 i stay tryna smoke the pain away  hopin for sum better days
 i smoke a blunt in the morning i smoke a blunt after that
  blows smoke in your face and says whatd you say  
 28 000 adults in texas die from their own smoke each year...meaning they pretty much cause their own deaths...
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 i just be lowkey to myself  smoke my weed and make my money while minding my business
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 i wanna smoke
 if he was hitting crackpipe tho  now would be best time to trade him cuz trade value goes down after you smoke crack 
 yall ever smelled ya bo and it smell like some schwag ass weed
 pop 20 bottles  smoke 100 blunts.
 dutch malt sour  2 oz dutch malt whiskey from @newlibertydist  oz smoked tea vanilla syrup  oz smoked lemon juice 
 i literally just want to lay around and eat sour skittles and online shop and smoke cigarettes 247 please leave me alone
 when the smoke clears campaigncampaign newwave 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation cincinnati  oh
 got like 6 homies that hit me up about having smokecounseling sessions. i need to start charging
 no one likes the taste of weed  ok pause. 
 whos tryna smoke a b on me
 hope i can go @ smoke rise  new jersey 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1702 wilkens avenue baltimore  send message. 
 @gordonramsay have you ever had a marijuana edible
 dont wanna smile wanna smoke listen to my shit on ma own 
 dont wanna do anything but eat smoke amp drink today oh and i need a nap
 @cannoisseurlife great connecting with you guys have a hemptastic day
 some days i want to get tattoos amp dread my hair amp smoke joints all day. then other days i love how clean cut i am. idk man
 ima loner but marijuana make me feel normal k.dot
 lets smoke dank until the sun rises
 will never understand the people that will go out their way to smoke outside in shitty weather
 take 2 solo smokesesh winberryfarms cannabis for acknowledging my passion motivation vibeon cannainformative 
 lord knows i wish i could smoke a fat ass sweet rn boyyyyyyyy.
 im gonna smoke the fattest perso tonight and im pretty lit about it
 the weed man would have u waiting all damn day
 stevejimmy is in weeds lol
 well at least with the new youtube policies they can weed out all the sofloantonios
 better go smoke on another niggas dick
 @middleeastguy am i loosing my mind or did we fire inert missiles last night. no smoke or fire and no bda. seems more like a fireworks show
 my reality. allergic to weeds  trees amp grasses. welcome spring i bet im not allergic to palm trees  
 @chriscuomo @cnn this attack is a smoke screen... trying to cover up something
 @lilbkfan going to be on the grum today we miss the smokeshow from glencoe
 ive been smoking weed for a year now.. this month will make it a year.
 i need to smoke
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 @andrewbellbnn @marketcall dieing to ask what your thoughts on weed today @420  is it going higher 
 grass and thyroid function effect of marijuana use on thyroid function and autoimmunity.malhotra sonali thyroid. fe 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 hmmmm cover band show at the spleen or 70s hippie themed valentines day weed party...
 blows smoke  
 i smoke when i drink its tradition.
 hb1369 engross to amend the arkansas medical marijuana amendment of 2016 regarding the taxation and distributio... 
 i smoke blunts with you and you eat ass nigga 
 whatbringsmejoy wake up  get fabulous  go to work  come home  have some beers  smoke some weed  sleep and repeat.
 rolled my first extendo and cant eeen smoke it 
 lets smoke a blunt amp vibe to slow jazz
 ryan karl getting smoked right now
 ive smoked 3 cigarettes and it doesnt compare to a wap
  we need to smoke soon i miss you man 
 my house smells like good ganja
 final from etown in ot. hempfield 57 etown 49 @jeffreinhart77 @lancastersports @hsdsportsscores
 just putting it out there i have smoked ganja in 24 days.....
 bitch i need some weed and then sleep
 still blazing bumping while i smoke @wizkhalifa
 paedophiles cant smoke weed but they can finger little boys
 i know nothing of a marijuana cigarette. i wouldnt know what a weed looks like
 my boyfriend got mad at me cause i smoked half of his joint that he wasnt even ganna smoke  he had 3 nugs left... shiesty ass foo
 free smoke
 is that coffee you smell like coffee uber haha idk thats weird me ohhhh yeah haha it was a joke you smell like weed uber o me
 run her bath water and talk. then smoke a few to relax our minds 
 @shahleena @katvondbeauty @hudabeauty @abhcosmetics this...blows my mind amp you know by now that i dont just blow smoke up your....bum
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 2020 harford rd  trash all over ex 
 someones coat at work smells like hellllaa weed
 guess yall smokin regs cause i smoke a blunt amp all my problems disappear  
 @staygxid happy birthday hope today is dope af for you wear a condom and dont drink and drive only smoke a lil meth not too much.
 this is not weed. its a protein powder  
 government promotes nuclear and prohibits hemp. 
 ima smoke till i pass out when i get home
 if you need weed in manhattan dude with the mixtapes got you
 as a non smoker i seriously am concerned about any good conversation i miss out on when i do not join you for smokes breaks
 @20committee @rferl smoke screen. they dont give a shit about her or the un.
 @1slicknigga id spend 150 on weed before i buy a purse
 @starbucks smokedbutterscotch frappuccino tastes like i expect butterbeer to taste like. smokey  creamy  rich  buttery.
 imma go smoke some more weed.
 @ruiterwrongfan think this all a big smokescreen.  i dont think the browns will trade a 1st for him...
 everyday i just dream about starting a hemp shop
 since when did ppl get the idea to hmu thinking i sell weed. just bc my sht be louder than yours dont mean im the plug    yet ...
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 309 south stricker street baltimore  send mes 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1108 west pratt street baltimore  send messag 
 when i use to smoke ion even do it no more tho lmao 
 walked into starbucks and  asked if they had weed....the cashier said meet her outside in 8 minutes. 
 proceed with the plan. weed in his hand
 @mostdopeeeryan @sadfrijoles smoke a blunt and stop being so violent 
 i have some bomb girl scout cookies but no one to smoke it with 
 dont let that weed smoke make you become complacent.. 
 sb5698 new concerning cannabis health and beauty aids. 
 scallups in a lemon butter cajun sauce  now im gonna smoke some weed  i cleaned ugh im sitting downno one talk to me im never alone
 i remember smoke made us box in his backyard when we was lil niggas lol
 i know in the grand scheme of things this is small   but it really sucks when your smoke alarm is dying and you have 13ft ceilings.
 oh. my. god. one day i will smoke the shit out of the new strains once i retire. 
 i just smoked in my room and im paranoid my mom will find out 
 tomorrow afternoon kush 21 premium cannabis.  support your local businesses  especially 
 super bummed about mason from the @beardedbullys getting hurt. heal fast. i hear if you rub some moonshine amp weed on it that it helps.
 boutta smoke
 midwest weed 
 im high and i wanna smoke and go to sleep 
 i hate niggas who just sit around and smoke all day long...
 ribs  burgers  and stuffed mushrooms are ready and prepped for the smoker. shrimp are still thawing
 @bowden2you @thehill youre smelling smoke from  demo rioters fires alternative protestorsburning mlk building
 happy birthday smokey @mrsoccermom
 i prolly shouldnt have smoked all of what i had last night lol.
 whenever somebody asks me why i dont ever drink or smoke 
 wanna eat but gotta smoke first so who tf matchin
 cause it was some good ass weed bitch i felt retarded 
 got the smoker rolling bright and early. favorite part about saturdays. smokedmeatsaturday 
 carry out from one of our favorites @ beale st. smokehouse bbq  @bealestbbq in fenton  mi 
 the fact that all my siblings smoke weed is lit... i love smoking with company.
 italian heritage club fundraiser event @ tseros in north hempstead  ny 
 ion smoke  drink  pop pills  go outside nothing  like im boring  18 pose to be litttt 
 dont stress over me baby girl  smoke dope
 pussy money weed 
 i really smoke black and milds a lot 
 lol my aunt thinks im a druggy now bc i smoke weed even thoe her boyfriend does it. so now shes afraid to say weed around me. 
 @suittiedelivery gimmie one rib @ zzq smokehouse in eagan  mn 
 being raised rightdoesnt mean you dont drink party or smoke.being raised right is how you treat people manners and respectyall confuse
 good smoke while still getting the citrus notes  unique  drinking a last blacksmith at @bigditchbrewing  
 i feel like i have more pictures of weed up here more than anything 
 i literally love brenden he came to giant and smoked with me on my break 
 @loganchance48 what is smoke 
 i really wonna audi amp a range rove im really going places that you cant go im really bout to grow weed you aint sold
 people are so wild if you dont drink or smoke they dont hit you up issa shame how this world changes smh
 fuck looks like im a heavy smoker  
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke cantaloupe
 im tryna smoke
 this guy is a real crowd pleaser beer i. do air come over here and get sum reefer
 lets take a smoke break masterkush yessir me likey  420 weedporn weedhead loud 
 @grantstern @mapattonmike  this site helps weed through some trash fast
 something special for the private reserves for a phenomenal taste and smooth smoke cannagi 
 i spend  too much money on weed 
 @sandprincess @adolfhibsta youre dumb for not knowing why im calling you a pipe smoker.. 
 super bowl menu for today burgers with grilled pineapple  hotdogs for the kiddos  smoked ribs  jalapeo cheese bread  chips and dip amp dew
 @rtcom bull shit... those idiots are trying to link the effects of smoking cigarettes to vaping. they think steam is smoke. theyre idiots
 growing cannabis the legal way for medicine @costafarms as part of a 3000 person agriculture 
 still no @bambamsbbq but his place  made me buy a @traegergrills and now i smell like alder smoke at church...6 hou 
 @macleyahh new name for some good ahh weed james brown
 about to grill   drink  amp smoke good who trina pull up  dm me
 you guys it happened today i became a real californian. i just found my favorite strain of weed
 i feel like mcdonalds just made me some weed cookies .. cause thats exactly what it taste like ..
 hb2353 new amends the cannabis control act. makes a technical change in a section concerning the short title. 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm 2
 ima just eat and smoke hookah and not pay attention to bumass football
 smoking weed knowing i need to stop ipretendtolove
 where is tha party where da weed
 i forgot my debit card at nicks and i need to deposit my checks so if you see this ill smoke ya uppay you if you give me ride
 that childish gambino redbone song is super lit. pot smoke all over the place for music like that 
 my boy got me my favorite shot of kinkys  time to paint and watch a series of weed.
 a cpl that smokes together stays together  
 holy smokes superbowl
 oh i get it  its a euphemism for marijuana 
 wtf i didnt smell like smoke till i took my hair out of a bun 
 i just smoked a blunt w ur girl friend.
 bill maher quote of the show  ive got to cut down on the weed.
 lmao i feel like im the only person in atl who doesnt smoke
 i just wanna smoke some weed lol
 i love people that can smoke and hold long conversations just dont kill my high please.
 where the weed at my friends need it  no not me 
 high on legal marijuana
 twitters a bitch hate the weed or get hi with meeeeeeee for freeeeeeeee hmu ellendegeneres canadahasfuckedlaws 
 @kellyannepolls please  the double standard between 28 states and the federal gov over cannabis needs to stop. legalize medicinal cannibis
 sometimes we like to randomly wake up at 5am amp smoke woods
 whens the next marijuana mania coming out @berner415
 cali weed so much different than cali weed
 if you selling street weed at 15 a gram im not shopping wit you.
 when someones short term memory is so bad. you think they smoke weed on a daily basis 
 @itsboyschapter love it screw them non smokers
 been smoking this weed cause im stressing
 @kennywallace smokes house
 it aint nothing compared to kings work still need weed money an drugs lol love it love it
 someones smoke detectors batteries are low 
 why do people have all these questions and requirements about weed just to buy one fucking j
 he smokes blacks. 
 amazing chicken fajita poutine @ smokes poutinerie granville yvr poutine smokes 
 i just smoked a blunt w your gf
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 meme katie wouldnt eat a weed brownie with because shes trying to lose weight
 we all smoke  its ok
 wow... needs his ass to go to prison. muthafuckas serving time for weed amp shit... rape is worst 
 see our latest bardstown  ky job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 @gailjohnsonwork @cbcstephenquinn the ramenman in the west end has a vegetarian ramen made from smoked kombu and shiitake mushrooms
 we deserve a smoke break
 u dont like my friend bc she smokes weed my ex boyfriend was a drug dealer and ive smoked since 5th grade. dumb bitchhhhh
 its all smoke and mirrors  lying as usual 
 all i do is study and smoke
 @donlemon  nothing but smoke amp mirrors..what about the economy  raising the min. wage..where is his trump care..all shit  no substance.
 my friend tried to get in cornell university for his phd they denied him yet he wouldve smoke that program.. theyre the fools on this one
 smokin on reefer  og reekin
 i thought he brought me in the closet to play 7 minutes in heaven  but no. its just to smoke a blunt. 
 i smoke two joints in time of peace and two in time of war
 this is why i dont smoke by myself.
 gas what i smoke
 @realdlhughley smoke  mirrors
 all these kids keep laughing and making jokes how it smells like weed. boy im 22. shit legal stop making a scene
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1174 washington blvd  send message. 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 502 archer st  send message. 
 see our latest evansville  in job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 @jimnorton @notsam @jimandsamshow l ron was a smoker
 i dont understand why people have to drink n smoke all the time like are yall not tired of that .
 sorry i was in the weeds 
 @jfkucinich marijuana kills pain opioids kill people. legalize and declassify marijuana and classify opioids with smack. it works
 @digitaltourbus holy smokes dtb is following me  what an amazing day i watch all of your videos on youtube  you guys are the best
 ever smoke w ur substitute teacher before
 sessions said that people who smoke weed are bad people.  you know whos worse  people who make blanket statements about groups of people
 @willywill4twooh @telebusiness our preference too. there are ways to isolate chemicals in cannabis though that could treat specific ailments
 just know if u get in my car im sorry if it smells like potato chips and weed
 it literally takes me like 4 hours to smoke one bowl if im smoking by myself. amazing
 i spend all my money on weed food and gas 
 its a 100 im gonna try and get my mama to smoke a j with me. she gone say no but ima still offer.
 to smoke then take a nap or to do homework
 ocean treasures  high tide  lots of sea weed  ahhh just a beach life florida floridalife 
 earlier someone from my class smoked me out 2 blunts and ive been high ever since.  its been 3 hours fam.  those were maical blunts
 lets  get 1 thing straight  crack is cheap. i make too much money to smoke crack. we dont do that. crack izzzz whack
 i intimidate most of these weak ass niggas   like you better know when you step to me   you step correct what u a weed man foh bye
 its the weed minute
 i have actually smoked this amp did not in fact fly through the window with a broom 
 our floor smells like straight weed
 if you smoke dont post that shit everyday on your snap. we get it you smoke
 every time i hit this weed its like a ....idk its some shit going on with it tho
 i got plans yall just sell weed to sell it i feel like this my job
 maybe they both had smoke break with pocahontas n lite up some wackytabacky... 
 would it be fucked up to smoke a spliff w tea leaves as opposed to tobacco 
 @jshepherdmusic and shes having a smoke and shes taking a drag
 when your manager comes back from break smelling like pussy weed and everything made from sinners all at the same time
 i have weed i just dont got swishers .... .
 i could use a good smoke right about now ... i got go holla at my east indian nigga
  agggyyy lol you need some weed dawg go smoke 
 happy wednesday  lunch special  smoked gouda and chicken wrap 7.99 with side of house made 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4015 biddison lane baltimore  
 im really starting to hate weed smokers 
 what it your average cannabis consumption method
 she love it when we get together smoke a lil weed but her shxt together
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3529 keswick rd 
 @nocupsorliberty   i predicted this ...  i told trump supporters  hes going to turn on weed.  he will  even in legal states.
 smoking the ganja again more than likely 
 @killeverypig damn i was trying give you some good weed for once 
 i cant trust someone to roll a blunt that smokes  more less this shit..... whitepeoplewegottastop 
 niggas will spend they whole check on some weed
 man fixing my window keep worrying bout the weed smell just fix the fuckin window bruh
 if youre sick amp cant get over being sick  dont smoke for about a week its not to hard you feinds
 @snobmarie lmao im the scary smoker
 i love weed
 lol havent smoked a cig in like 4 days as soon as i take that first puff im gonna get light headed as fuck lol
 free smoke   anybody want it they can get it no joke
 it smells like weed and cat shit in here 
 dr. jospeh rosado every one of my 50 patients has had problems getting medical marijuana. sometimes lasting 40 day 
 pretty sure i done smoke a few zips in the past 2months
 who tryna smoke wme 
 someone smoke me out pls and thanks
 the weed they stashed i cant beeathe the100
 @davidmastio @tuckercarlson @cnn @foxnews damn tucker you just smoked that usa today boy mastio. he brought nothing a pure wimp congrats.
 get that weed we stashed jasper jordan  4x02
 and i have no weed
 apparently claim 52 makes a we smoked it all stout.
 cant smoke inside  cant smoke outside so where tf im supposed to blow my gas at
 havent smoked all day so you know i been spazzing on lil shit
 rocky 7 @ belmont house of smoke 
 i need sum milk lol i gotta get this weed outta me 
 meanwhile hell go strong against legal marijuana liberal voting registration and as hard on mexicans as he was on 
 im gonna go like smoke cigarettes or something. i wish i could use the tv or the ps4 but idktf how 
 really just wanna smoke 
 just a poppin ass queen who listens to trap music and smoke weed 
 two men were arrested after police found xanax pills  marijuana and paraphernalia in a near southeast side home. 
 lots of petty thieves  con artist  credit card fraudsters amp weed dealers  bank robbers r doing it 2 feed their fami 
 the fact that trump wakes up and tweets about all his enemies like a soundcloud rapper before they smoke weed
 mood af @truthko @lilbhurd countitup @ got weed    weed california 
 sb928 new criminal law  cannabis  legalization 
 ive been asked to be apart a smoke session after school everyday this week
 legalize marijuana  tax it. put tolls on the state borders. 
 pbrs and cheap weed that they paid 35 a gram for 
 stop in today for real backyard barbecue amp awardwinning ribs. freshly smoked amp grilled to perfect. cincyeats 
 see our latest lagrange  ky job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 i sit by a window at my internship and  keep count of how many times the same people come back for a smoke break.
 free smoke
  big pharma hates marijuana   trump wants concessions from big pharma  hmmm.....  wonder what that would entail
 @alivelshi the dnc knows the gorsuch comments are nothing but a smoke screen. jeff sessions is nothing but bullshit. he is a racist
 at 341 am  2 sw weed siskiyou co  ca mesonet reports nontstm wnd gst of m51 mph mfr 
 like people may fiend for weed but its not anywhere near as destructive as crack..
 yo i cant be smoking weed lmao. i be doingthinking the most
 just imagine how bad 2 tons of marijuana smells. you cant get away with that 
 i was in downtown manhattan on 911 engulfed in black smoke amp fearing death. it didnt turn me into a bigot. 
 bought weed from my dads friend the other day  what a we
 @newsciencewrld if institutions wanted to better the world for individuals and not oligarchy  hemp  
 free smoke.
 i smell so much weed. i am outside. i love la. feels good to be free.
 i hate weed men that act like they dont want money. especially since i never be tryna buy less than 3gs amp ill come to you 
 i hate when people dont know how to smoke. either inhale that shit or dont smoke that shit.
 @shaibuttaa thats all i like to do is eat amp smoke  the beginning of my spring break its like 313.
 i hate the type of people that post on social media that theyre about to smoke like no one cares. 
 @starbucksuk smoked butterscotch latte  thats all.
 @oliviaanc smoke you a fattyspliffjointblunt
 andy from weeds is the loml
 gop rep introduces respect state marijuana laws act to us congress  via @dailychronic endthewarondrugs
 when it gets down to a roach if you wouldnt smoke it just put it out. dont even ask me if i wanna hit it
 thread. important  dont let the administration smoke screen you. 
 i really just want to play bp and smoke hookah tomorrow 
 @mattweltzin i wish i could say 10  however havent smoked that stuff in like 10 years lol
 wya lets smoke
 if he smokes marlboro reds...nut honestly
 tru life i think i accidentally smoked crack once
 @shillinchi smokeshow of the day right here @stoolpresidente
 me when someone says that i cant smoke 
 have som coke have some weed
 smh too much weed for allay 
 looking for the rest of the weed 
 ecigs cut smokers levels of toxic chemicals  vapelife
 i smoke bomb weed tweet a palm tree
 i can get very disrespectful when i dont smoke my first blunt of the day its crazy
 have a good day from the team @ smoke sum bbq.   paul  vince  erica and patty
 nina low key smoked a whole pack of cigs last night
 giving up weed 
 standing room only with an overflow room for todays cannabis banking working group convened by  state treasurer 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3 n highland ave  
 god i wish i could id smoke till i had weed coma lol 
 @therealsaok @kotaku yeah its kind of a bummer  but i guess necessary to weed out all the garbage games that get submitted to greenlight.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at levin road baltimore  send message.
 just cause i smoke weed does not mean i smoke cigs. like no bye 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 115 s augusta ave  send message. 
 wish i had friends to smoke with
 anyone wanna smoke 
 glacier point. still that smoke witch stayed all day but an incredible view and a really 
 @woodymadness i was about 4 yrs old. my dad was going to take me out into a blizzard because he needed smokes. he had me bundled up and he..
 ppd smoked cliff
 one of the few reasons alcohol beats weed is you dont normally dont have to worry about your breathing when drinking.
 practice rounds @ smoke out of water 
 our budget roadshow kicks off march 2 in sohum what are your priorities for  from 2016s commercial cannabis tax 
 let that sink in. colorado sold 1.3 billion worth of marijuana in 2016  via @aliciawallace
 now on pbs smokey robinson the library of congress gershwin prize for popular song wsamuel l jackson hosting. tune in
 i could smoke a 8th to the head rn
 i dont smoke or do drugs  finished nursing school a semester early  beat teen pregnancy... but god forbid my fan remotes battery dies
 @stefapie how the hell did you manage to go cold turkey whole uncovering this i dont know smoke and i felt like i needed one after reading
 looking for a girl to cook a 5 star dinner  smoke some chronic  drink some bubbly ass wine and let her ride my face on valentines day
 @abbypalazzo i dont think it was the weed but maybe the lsd
 no such weed exists at this time  sadly 
 i wanna go for a long ass drive and smoke a blunt or acquire thousands of dollars any option is good
 also look at the way jason smokes that cigar rich daddy
 pull up free smoke nigga
 i just smoked a blunt w ya
 second smoke weed amp eat hella fruit
 @gatlinjames23 yes bruh .. a whole camper was pouring smoke and come to find out its only
 @princessray17 there are folks in jail for petty weed offenses rn but when a government deems it ok they can profit all they want
 i am proud to announce that delivery of ganja roots and health. will start every thursday march 
 this is not an option n if you do not smoke this we have a problem wayne brady 
 saturday mood fried chicken on weed pancakes 
 @iamakademiks is you dumb  the most important person in that video is scott storch eating weed.
 woke up w these items in my pocket lighter  headphones  a nug of weed  one single piece of extra gum
 treatyoself to a little @itsmaryyoung at @shopsmokeas  shoplocal  valentines shop @ smoke 
 the best smoked meat in town.  onlyatdunns smokedmeateveryday food eat yvr 
 drinking a grass monkey by @sweetwaterbrew @ sublime smoke  
 steady as a preacher  free as a weed. couldnt wait to get going. but wasnt quite ready to leave. so innocent  pure amp sweet. americanhoney
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash on friday 
 we bought a bong and im stoked to finally not smoke weed like a plebeian
 who wants smoked up
 im not tryna smoke loud rn at all
 on vday i think ima spend it by miself amp stay home smoke cuz im not feeling valentines day anymore 
 never have i smoked weed amp wanted to try other drugs. its not a gateway drug
 finna buy this rello and smoke this gas 
 @jelani9 as a native new yorker of dominican heritage....i vote claro que si the other grocery stores are just that or smoke stores 
 @cadavalos fasho we gon smoke this blunt an slide fam
 squid ink agnolotti filled with smoked trout  and bottarga  chili  and herbs seriously 
 magnolia canned beer is coming to south bay whole foods at feb 17 @ smokestack at magnolia brewing 
 rollin weed while im drivin
 this 90 year old lady is cutting up making these weed infused italian dishes omg
 theres so much tree smoke in the room i got contact
 this why i smoke weed stress free
 i wish i had some weed.
 i owe my bros a whole smoke session
 theses nigga will drink  smoke  and chill with you then talk behind ya back 
 come to old trafford and get smoked 
 only thing that could have made it a better day was some weed. 
 you know its gonna be a good sunday when you smoke a blunt in a recording studio. woah.
 my mom rushing me to get in her car im trying to air off this weed smell 
 havent smoked tobacco in a few months but i really want a backwood...
 bourbon barrel wood smoked pork belly. cant wait till i turn this into bacon thanks jon and 
 my mom went to menards to get tile. she came back and she asked me to smell them and they smell like straight weed. i thought of you
 i woulda been like bitch ill smoke a damn blunt in ya kids face stfu 
 my dad just referred to smoking weed as bonging   i.e. are people going to be bonging at the party   
 i need some more friends that smoke
 @slgridiron for my birthday brunch delicious homemadefood mother marys smoked salt rim 
 stigmabase | am   for hispanic and latino smokers  quitting is about family and culture  for hispanic and latino 
 we just put weed in the bowl  we dont got no time to roll
 how to smoke pcp an not kmow it until its too late 
 yeah  the pan seared salmon whickory smoked bacon chowder gets a snacksociety full thumbs up 
 i never smoked 6 blunts back to back
 i havent smoked hookah in forever
 i picked the right time to smoke bruh. im tripping balls in this beyonce performance. 
 someone match or smoke ill scoop
 dont do weed kids 
 @joshwolfcomedy @bicebiceboyz @mitchellvii no smokescreen here honey  hes straight forward as you get  you know where he stands on issues
 whos tryna smoke
 im tryna come smoke with somebody. ill scoop
 folding @danielleeewhat laundry...i think she likes the reefer. @ seattle  washington 
 kinda crazy that everyone is okay with cigs being legal  while knowing it can give cancer  0 deaths by weed and its a struggle to legalize
 ever been dumb high facing a blunt and whistle when u blow out the smoke and wonder who tf is stalking u and whistling and then realize
 my vape charger is gone  my brother smoked all my flower now what
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm ya down
 my friends are my friends and they love me even when i smoke gross cigarettes occasionally  
 i hate when im rolling and my hair gets all in the weed. time for another hair cut
 my room is littttt.. who wants to smoke with me 
 snow  best time to smoke
 its sad i gotta smoke a blunt just to go to sleep
 when niggas who dont smoke  hoop  get turfy or play sport video games wanna kicc it i just be like you sus so nah
 eating dis weed brownie
 thought this was smoke @migoomackk 
 i only smoke for occasions its not a regular bases type shit .
 having those do you wanna get up and smoke moments
 i guess ill go smoke
 mwa presents aroma thursdays @ kabin dc hosted by @shawtydaprince pull up smoke your gas  drink 
 yea he smoke them hoes lmaoo 
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 i need somebody that loves shoe amp and love money  and weed  @ 
 @kamrynalyse64 smoke ridge man is something serious.
 @paigesstout smoke soon
 roommate spilt weed down the stove burner now im here getting stoned trying to boil water
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2249 annapolis road baltimore  send message. 
 wyd after you smoke this 
 @lanesanity was this the night he tried to smoke a pen
 i dunno who wanna chill and who wanna just smoke on my loud pack
 e68 @phillyfiredept conducting communityoutreach smoke alarms today in kingsessing amp southwestphilly 24x7x365 
 just want somebody i can smoke with and grope on.
 couldnt fight the craving. trying something new. bbq @ father and sons smoketiluchoke bar bq 
 ion smoke 
 im mad asf that my weed fell in the toilet
 @caskey407 i just discovered your music about 4 months ago. needless to say im a fan. if you ever up this way ill smoke you out
 someone next door is smoking weed and now our room smells like it sos
 sb254 engross to amend arkansas constitution  amendment 98  also known as the arkansas medical marijuana amend... 
 crazy chick asked me if i wanted to see a picture of sex so naturally  i said yeah. it was a picture of weed idk this is all weird.
 grinding my weed for literally like 5 minutes or so before i realized i didnt put any weed in the grinder.... 
 all i do is smoke cigarettes and read books  guess im a nerd at heart 
 finna smoke this bug with lil bro
 @morgannvo94 mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 south hempstead ny tue feb 14th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  copy  
 at this health seminar and i randomly laughing thinking about the part jodys mom accused him of growing weed in her plants on baby boy
 quepids surf n turfer two smoked 16oz prime rib  4 jumbo herb cheese stuffed bacon wrapped smoked shrimp  2 sid 
 we had a straight lil smoke session last night lol
 on a weed hunt 
 i have no idea why people think im such a bad kid  i have never touched a drip of alcohol  never smoked anything  and never vaped 12
 ah more smoke and mirrors ala trump. trumpkins will believe anything. id be ashamed to have him for a parent. alr 
 dad amp i are weed eating the front yard amp the public works came to pick up big plants that the neighborhood has cleared from their yards
 recieved a card this morning.  @ north hempstead  new york 
 alright whos trynna smoke  eat some food  then get your ass eaten 
 captivated with designing a brand for the last few hours amp entirely forget i put a weed mint in my chai matcha 
 today valentines day amp im not getting no pussy   head   or weed 
 everyone smokes weed
 @bigbadbruins94 youre pushing for playoffs  you dont really have the guns to sustain run. if you meet mtl and get smoked by cj
 when my major adviser asks why im taking physiology of cannabis while im wearing my bob marley shirt  in the pursuit of education 3
 weed is not a drug but if you tryna fuck someone...... weed is important...  why is it so important 
 roses are red. violets are not. i cant wait to see what you got. love  puff smokey smoke    juwannamann love valentinesday lovepoem
 opening comments by gov @hickenloopernow on the co experience at sen @ilikemike oversight hearing on cannabis. 
 jody wont smoke a cigarette until he make you cum
 yeah  ive crossed into the category of chinese on the how many cigarettes have you smoked today scale.
 when all is said and done  i think what tipped julien in agreeing to be the habs new coach  smoked meat for as long as he is the coach 
 kooter is the only person ill smoke swishers with
 an amazing smokey white wine  goes well with salmon. excellent for a valentines day dinner. 
 everyone needs to realize how bad this stuff is. our world is ending as we know it because of recreational cannabis 
 @amysiskind @wendydshaffer smoke screen to protect comrade trump from flynnresignation
 drinking  the lockporter by lockport brewery @ sublime smoke   photo
 wait even better. ill smoke you up if you buy me taco bell
 a dumbass blew their cigarette smoke in my face and i almost lost it gtfo youre disgusting
 @victorhauk @walkersaxplayer @amperez @jakemillauthor @deplorecraft what does this even mean smokefire brilliant
 some neighbors smoke alarm just went off. valentinesdaydinner
 valentines times day was dope. got to smoke some dope. with the dopest  
 me and my nigga  javi will officially start growing indoor weed today.
 you smoke wood. your opinion is invalid.  
 cant smoke.  
 closer by ne yo is a wayyyy better song than closer by the chain smokers
 so im the only one in the gym. a guy walks in amp just starts working out..but he smells like weed. is it safe to work out while high
 i dropped my weed and im hoping no one comes home before i pick it up 
 he burrows into his anger until the man i love disappears in a cloud of smoke that now smells more of gunpowder than of marijuana. 1linewed
 the wide world of weed  
 migrantglass glassbyjud new perc design jacketed 4slit perc is very functional with smoke 
 i really want someone to bond with low key. just smoke and talk.
 4 day weekend i need some lit females to make weed edibles with  drink wine  amp do makeup with 
 remember when we had a river go up in smoke making america a fire grate again 
 i have to be feeling you a whoooooole lot for me to invite you over to let you smoke my weed for free.
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 all i smoke is killa
 just tryna smoke some blunts with the homies and listen to migos withadabofranch
 @fckansascity @cgibby  joes   bryants  lcs  q39   gates  plowboys  smokehouse  jon russells..
 @admgonline  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 i cant wait to live in the apartments with all my bitches and smoke blunts and vibe 
 @czabe turnt up is drunkhigh  loud is high quality weed  shots refers to liquor not guns.  they play this all the time at fed ex
 penne and smoke sausage alfredo or spaghetti and ground beef marinara foodforthought literally 
 @flyboy4292 @trapgrampa how else you supposed to smoke it  the foreign part is the chopsticks lmao
 @noobsmokecombo ill be the dog. we just need a pretty boy  a pointless girl  and a nerd. also weed.
 havent smoked in 6hours
 ok so trapping out kentucky the hot drugs for white ppl are heroin and meth and all the black ppl smoke dro  crack  and snort coke right
 ready to smoke and cuddle 
 @kidviperfgc i had a hard time finding someone to host just for a night and then he said i smoked in the room when i dont smoke at all.
 me and katy have such a pretty goodluck nug hiding under our baby buddah we smoke off when we need sum goodluck
 well  its back to taking a bunch of pain killers since i dont smoke anymore. 
 there was a half smoked joint in the dryer of my dorms laundry room wow i hate college cndkkfdkckdkfkc
 @x0mitaaa ill just smoke by myself lol aint never cared really 
 dont smoke anxiety  smoke too much anxiety  i can never win.
 i wouldnt know because i dont smoke. 
 a study is underway on the effects of using marijuana to treat ptsd in veterans 
 girls night in needed soon. smoke. wine. greasy food and lots of junk food.
 i actually might have stopped smoking weed unconsciously i havent smoked for 2days n i aint even bothered.  
 yo mcm smoke grape swishers
 i swear i dont smoke to be cute... that shit really calm me down amp make me not go on mfs how i be wanting to. 
 all i do is smoke on the beach  think and sleep all night. latenightthoughts
 when people say they cant or dont smoke weed i just be  apologize cuz i feel bad for them ..how do you survive again 
 lol nope i seen him yesterday tho at bj house  but no i seen desmond @ the car wash looking for weed  im like w 
 cant wait never seen an academic talk with a smoke machine  wind  and strobe lights sign up now. 
 didnt dave smoke like a million joints with tiko a few months ago 
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 i have never smoked one cigarette  or anything else  in my life.  if youve seen photos of tense women or a bride smoking  its not i.
 there are bellows of smoke. we are going to investigate. 
 this job might be a great fit for you class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   alpharetta  ga job jobs
 but somebody come smoke this l with me though
 my coworker turned on the stove while the blender was on it and it is so smokey and stinky
 niggas about to be smoking weed in front of the cops in harris county 
 @jhawk2828 just got their new habanero bbq smoked brisket. 
 first thing i wake up to is my mom coming in my room  waking me up  amp tell me my room smells like weed
 as a general rule  a pair of concert tix shouldnt cost more than an oz of reefer. ahem  @metallica.
 favorite thing todo is smoke n chill
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   columbus  oh
 just wanna smoke amp thrift today
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 110 willard st  send message. 
 i smell like weed all day everyday
 icymi arkansans ask medical marijuana is now available to watch online at  arask 
 my entire budget consists of weed  happy hours  brunch  the occasional grocery  and beautyrelated items  in that order.
 im at health services nurse do you smoke me stares at her dead silent uhhhh smoke what
 @apinteractive @ap how did you obtain it it was meant to smoke out the leakers. it never was implemented. maga 
 smoke weed with my manager for free
 who wanna smoke me out for my birthday
 7 days a week 7 different freaks i got tired of fucking hoes so i just sit back and smoke my weed
 candy bar prices have risen dramatically since i last smoked weed or weed prices have dropped considerably. drugsarecheaperthancandybars
 so yall know  ive never smoked in my life. im a good girl  he wants me to be bad i swear. hahaha
 the only time one talks to me is when its for answers or theyre asking if they smell like smoke
 why a lot of the people i went to high school with smoke cigarettes now  
 @jazminfinn smoke sumn. hit the stairmaster. eat a dickload of healthy food. get your hair done. cry when you need to cry. chief keef.
 while we were behind the fire lines  there was smoke  as far as the eye could see. wftv 
 shit make you not even wanna smoke no mo  
 i just smoked a blunt with yo girlfriend 
 falsefactatweep @mseric she voted against legalizing marijuana.
 drinking a doom bloom by @barebottlebeer @ smoke eaters  
 heineken smells like weed.
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 im a smoker maan im a drinker too  
 the people who have problems in the world today have problems because of those who do not due to those who need  marijuana.
 point me in the direction of the good weed in st.paul 
 i love rewatching weeds
 just wanna smoke and ride round my cityyy
 rome is burning buttrump  denies the heat and smoke. 
 pop a few advil amp smoke a bowl  youll be ight 
 that moment when you really need to smoke a cig but your lungs literally cant 
 no offense but why do people who smoke blunts have a superiority complex over those who prefer glass i do not understand
 who wanna smoke this gas with me 
 having elk meatloaf and smoked wild boar. cajon frog legs next
 holy shit st. louis @ pappys smokehouse 
 me amp @baileyarnett58 smoked with a drag queen last night 
 otr off the rails by total flame an amazing cigar  smooth  thick smoke with subtle spices and sweetness  par 
 im just tryna smoke my weed
 when i used to smoke cigarettes i smoked newports solely cause i was black  i tried camels once and hated it 
 hostess apologizes for the wait and said theyre short staffed. she then proceeds to go outside for a smoke break.
 new lana del rey music aka let me pretend my life is a black and white filter while i smoke a cig on the hood of my 1950s convertible
 gotta throw all that weed away now smh. 
 i might smoke today
 @scoopdaa @realdonaldtrump @potus you are smoking some awesome weed my friend
 @yuungzelda @songwuanthony smoke more weed in it
 @leahr77 @bummed2016 was so awesome so excited for this admin  no need for weed or any artificial high drain the 
 bouta play smoked amp haxsano fuck me
 @wynternotwinter 2 can not debated but the pledge is extra af. we have mountains  weed  and we didnt  vote for tr 
 @malikcraven3 as far as weed goes  texas is getting one step closer to it being legalized everywhere
 hi im a typical white girl. i drink and smoke a lot just for the cool factor  im really into bbc  and im only in 
 my vagina sounds good right to my heart but you know what i is doing okay for me and women that i can smoke a lot o 
 i assume your talking about marijuana and not preteens 
 manhattan stinks of weed more and more by the day  just legalize it already.
 check out my duby. duby app is the fastest growing cannabis community online. follow me @highdesertandy  on dubyap 
 i just wanna smoke and have sex 
 this dummy let me throw the weed away i can kill him
 drinking a pliny the elder by russian river brewing company @ smoke eaters  
 never smoked before  
 if u stressed and u refuse to smoke i really feel bad for u bc damn does that shit help 
 whats it like to not smoke weed.. lmao
 the cashier at 711 asked me if i had the munchies and if i had weed just because i bought a slurpee and fruit snacks smh
 if her parents dont know she smokes weed shes too young for me
 im watching @animalkingdom marathon hyfr while smoking weed  marijuana is the best fucking high on earth 
 holy smokes 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 bout to smoke myself back to sleep
 i just wanna smoke kick my feet back and get some head
 time to chain smoke cigs and drink coffee and blast the story so far and drive.
 will never appreciate having a boyfriend as much as that time i ran out of weed money and he paid 
 they tryna say that rello is nasty which it is cause weed and coffee do not mix 
 dont use opioids erica get some weed my friend uses it for ibs amjoy
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 if youre smoking on the t platform youre disrespectful. if i move away from the smoke and you follow me  youre disrespectful and creepy.
 @foxnews @foxnewssunday @reince good for you chris  thank you for holding people accountable and not allowing the smoke screen
 happy birthday smokey@smokeyrobinson 
 straight wit the weed and liquor these days. cuz the new drugs got the kids trippin these days
 i miss watching weeds ....
 cant wait till carson gets home so we can eat our chinese food and smoke blunts
 @corsairartisan any chance of there being some triple smoke single barrel available when we visit in april
 you smoke mids foh 
 how much weed  
 @blofmitten we got our first smoker about 3 years ago. and i just love using it
 smoked in the spa shower and smoked again this spa is everything rn
 anyone wanna go hiking amp smoke a blunt
 a colorado town is getting a marijuana shop with a... 
 she burnt my rug amp dropped my weed
 @thehill hes in the weeds. just like his socalled presidency. in golf  or in life  not a good place to be.
 when the paiza comes out of primo rob2thag smoked out en el show de @omarruizoficial og 
 freshbuzz @walkingdeadamc @amctalkingdead digging the smokey amp the bandit trailer oldschool easter egg 
 just tryna smoke   watch tv   and then go to sleep
 shawty u should roll w me  come over and smoke w me
 and my homework is not to water the weeds...youbelongwhereyouare movingforward movingon
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 id like to think that if when i smoked my first cigarette id been told id smoke 50 000 more that id have been like  nah im good.
 a girl that smoke only when you try in make her when can get high high high high everyday
 theres so much smoke from the fire im starting to feel nauseous 
 ounce of weed 
 i lost an entire half gram of wax and thought id just smoked it all but its cool cause michael found it
 bubble weed smoke attack  its thc effective
 im finna go outside and smoke
 guess ill smoke myself out 
 im just tryna smoke a blunt
 i wish i smoked cigarettes sometimes hell
 2.32 inches of rain near hempstead over the last 3 hours. txwx 
 yes im trying to balance my chakras and im also trying to get this pussy beat up and smoke this ganj
 on economic arrogance  via @nytimes zombie failed economic fantasies of gop  fed by voters who prefer smoke mirrors 
 i pop 20 pills a day  but i stopped smoking weed so it makes it alright 
 when the person next to leaves class for 10 minutes amp comes back smelling like weed..... every class 
  snoop for the weed. kevin just to keep me companyampmake me laugh. monique gone make me have claustrophobiaampwill s 
 do you wana smoke some marijuana patient 
 its funny watching non smokers turn into stoners just like that lls
 this mother fucker amp wynne screwed all of us over from marijuana to taxes to hydro your a liar you fucking asshole.. 
 kid in my econ class the government should buy the weed for us
 its me or the weed 
 perfect weather for a nice smoke. w @anthropmusic   nightcrawlers canonphotos 
 get scales  vaporizers  detox  glass amp more at smoke n more 6701 broadway pearland  tx.  damnsoldhere pearland smokenmore
 anyone know how often dogs have to be put down because of weed killer poisoning friends dog has been sick for 2 weeks  stopped drinking.
 i love how smoke moves through the wind
 cant imagine how good id eat if i didnt have to buy weed 
 thank weed for clarity as mind over matter n matter ur own mind with manners or bite u back ole ways back on u baby with a smile sunny 
 my landlord offered to smoke me up 
 i have a huge ass urge to smoke ...  but thats making me not wanna smoke 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ heinens grocery store  
 my birth stone is brick of weed
 gf enzo sounds like some really bad weed wweraw
 a guy will say the weed is. 
 who smoke better than me   any 1 .. challengeb 
 cant never smoke in no cars  houses  trailers  nothingggggggg
 @damndez for some quality weed   yea .... what else they supposed to buy 
 i told my mom that i went to formar and she was like isnt that where everyone goes to smoke and i was just like 
 @amafeo nah lol that friend was shady for even letting her smoke knowing she had a drug test 
 29daysofheart my family history mom79diabetes  dad79rip  sis56cholesterol  sis55diabetes   bro54 smoke 
 3am and our smoke detector just went off for no reason...
 ive never smoked cigs  
 they dont want no smoke  they dont want no issues.
 call my brother over here amp smoke. i need a talk
 i want to smoke some 
 morning from our team @ smoke sum bbq.  are you getting ready for lst
 @cherublamusica r we gonna smoke that blunt errr
 @allfactsb are u gonna smoke me out and give me lunch money
 free smoke  anybody want it they can get it. no joke.
 we are sending this adorable box of goodies to hemphill hound sanctuary on behalf of 
 needs friends who r down 2 smoke all the time sos
 i must clock out for lunch  but smokers can take 8 paid ten minute smoke breaks. 
 i just smoke this weed  know it wont tweak on me .
 i just wanna have a 5 course weed infused dinner. is that really so much to ask bongappetit
 shit is oissing me off bc ppl smoke weed mostly to realize physical pain and huff doesnt do shit
 kids who would drink and smoke during school never got any attention at home.
 i just wanna smoke a blunt
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 329 south ellamont street baltimore 
 @katheringon9 campus safety found weed under benches outside gazebo
 the steadfast wmec623 aka el tiburon blanco by smugglers has been awarded the golden marijuana leaf for seizin 
 about to smoke a blunt in my boxers
 somebody should smoke me out and the lord shall bless you amen
 blame it on the weed
 sounds like a weed habit 
 convinced everyone in arkansas smokes meth
 straight slaying the competition in medical marijuana on my king 
 @chrisdanielshow the elephant in the room regarding california amp marijuana  most employers will drug test and if marijuana shows up no hire
 everyone that smokes with cigarettes smells like my weird uncle.
 fuck laughing. smoke her 
 george washington a hemp farmer
 this weed so good every hit i take  it hurts lol
 omg i got some smoked salmon at aldi today for really cheap and it tastes amazing
 who would you smoke with @snoopdogg  @willienelson @tommychong
 waited all weekend to smoke amp now i cant enjoy it bc its  too much  .
 we dont smoke unless its fuego
 i need to cuff a girl that smokes.
 i wish vaping didnt have such a bad rep bc vanilla vape smoke smells like a dream
 @ryleighhwhite when we would smoke a bowl on the way to school and have to sit through physics 
 theres a girl blowing vape smoke in the skee ball ramp to give her friend good luck. get that shit outta here.
 i think id rather eat a literal ashtray than kiss a girl who smokes cigarettes
 @ajjones3 man man dont want no smoke with him  
 @wfwpohio anyone should have full complete access to medical cannabis. period. decriminalize amp legalize.
 so tempted to go smoke rn but my bed its too comfortable i wish i could smoke in my room 
 females that smoke blacks are beyond dirt.
 when i get off probation i gotta smoke some moonrock first
 nissan sanmarcos is nowplaying blowin smoke by kaceymusgraves cubevenue
 nothing pushes me to get ready quicker than when i wake up late for work but im still trying to smoke a bowl before i go in
 why you on social media acting like you do but dont want smoke
 i forgot what breathing felt like without the dank weed invading my lungs.
 these older women taking a smoke break are ranting about cinnabon delights
 theres smoke in my backyard  
 my roommates set the smoke detector off everyday..... can i sleep in peace
 see our latest loretto  pa job and click to apply class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 thursday going down ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a 
 the music speaks to me  intro  smoke gets in your eyes by keith jarrett  jack dejohnette  gary peacock  from soundhound 
 lets do our best to inform the public on the issues they care about  like marijuana reform. 
 james okeefe about to smoke cnn says hes set to release hundreds of hours of newsroom footage wikileaks style  
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together 
 @insitevan @capud2016 @inpud @vandupeople australian federal government has approved the sale of medical marijuana  
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend 
 episode 37 weve got kit raff talking weed ethics  sanctuary stunt studio  and 
 sorry but if you smoke or do any other form of drugs you cant just the next person for doing some  you aint no better than them.
 @revoluanders @alexanderlevit @prisonplanet you need to smoke some weed bro  chill out have a drink  smell some flowers.
 if you catch yourself saying stuff like im an internet personality  please smoke some weed and stop taking yourself seriously.
 found out one of my niggas been eating ass smh  guess who  cant hit the weed without a straw at the end
 i can roll my own weed
 stop and go traffic in bellaire on 610 w lp sb between hempstead and evergreen  delay of 21 mins traffic 
 mann do anybody smoke anymore  like damn   cant get nobody to match
 getting tattooed tomorrow better smoke 10 blunts tonight
 mom i only smoke weed not cigarette 
 free ebook marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine explores the history and psychology  hemp cannabis
 im convinced my wednesdays were made for weed naps
 yo @eiramaydni. im back home for a week. lets smoke
 viewfromthebike this smoke is flowing over the trees to my house riding through smoke is not the best way to end 
 tinder is for weed connects 
 the bombass weed 
 a bale of marijuana is harder to hide than a suitcase nuke 
 having a smoke on the sidewalk.  greenfield pittsburgh  shot 220 itsjakemurray   picoftheday 
 ill smoke someone out if they do this unit of apex bc i cant even keep my eyes open lmao im so tired.. please
 pizza  weed  music   good friends
 oh wow  you smoke  so edgyy
 errbody just need to let me smoke em out .
 you smoke blacks bitch you dont smoke then... 
 whats weed
 every time i smoke weed im like hm maybe ill actually have a good time  its never happened before but maybe itll happen this time..
 my dad said sumthin thats always stuck w me i drank a lot and i smoked a lot  amp by the end of it all i didnt have much to show for it
 @scrowder i enjoyed every moment watching @joerogan blow smoke in your face.. thats entertainment.. 
 @ja155 i used to drive a guy home from work at my high school job. he didnt have a car but he also spent 11 a day on his smokes.
 what level of meth did a negro smoke to come up with this garbage 
 them bitch ass cops probably about to smoke my shit fuck ya
 @hardwick you seriously saw smokey and the bandit hundreds of times as a kid that explains a lot
 my post are a random mix of politics  weed  vegan food amp emotions so thnx for listening ily
 this isnt your average calamari..weve added double smoked bacon  banana peppers  and chillilime aioli 
 i need a best girl friend who will hang out w me regularly amp smoke with me amp watch bobs burgers  harry potter amp disney amp cook food w me.
 nik do you have any weed nah i dont spend my own money on that  i use everyone elses 
 werners made me lunch. and dinner. @ werners smokehouse 
 legalize weed so i can pull geebs out in public in this beautiful weather
 all niggas do is lie amp smoke
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch and give a good girl bad habits
 i smoke so much i be forgetting to eat sometimes 
 so spicer uses opiod addiction as reason for recreational marijuana to be against the law
 bro i smell like straight up weed right now at work my supervisor talking bout a skunk 
 puffpuff snd away  on your birthday  shoutout to cannabis.llc oregonsherbalremedies in 
 of why recreational usage shouldnt be allowed. does he know medical marijuana is used to treat opioid addiction 
 did i just hear @masonandireland talking about smoking weed
 @24baseballreed espn has a video of jay cutler smoking ciggerets on the sideline of a game. the fact is he dont smoke. they made it up.
 say goodbye to legal weed i dont smoke but feel like we really should just tax it and let it be. 
 @ryanlcooper ive always been convinced sessions plan is to rico state marijuana control boards. like the actual bureaucrats.
 @potus hey u dumbass orange dickhead  njoy ur time now.we the people will find out about ur ties to russia.where theres smoke theres fire.
 been high since last night  amp all i wanna do is smoke again 
 when they came for the weed.....hell no. 
 @600breezy where can i get the dont get smoked instrumental  
 beautiful evening for a beautiful smoke. thank you mr. jorge from @jnvcigars 
 all i ever really want besides good weed is awesome music that i get obsessed with  and lately both have been abundant.  life is good lol.
 @jackieredmond i smoke but it dont bring my erection down. @kingmarliedave @scotttournamentharts team @ontario homan team
 errbody smoke tho
 that man at the end smoked that boy... why he gotta do him like dat 
 if you still roll swishers you not a real smoker
 @kaponofor3 colorados marijuana industry is larger than a small countrys gdp. cracking down will hurt the economy. this is just posturing.
 this old man is literally sitting outside moes smoking a pipe with weed in it what a fuckin g
 andrea bianka you want some tree  me sure  andrea hands me tree  me who tf did you smoke with 
 @politico i think its hilarious that this trump admin wants to leave abortionstrans bathroom up to states but not weed itsajoke
 and i havent purchased any weed lmaoooo
 wheres my bestfriendman at.. just wanna smoke and cuddle him
 ...i have a mild addiction tooooo strippers amp weed. 
 3rd hand smoke kills
 people think i actually smoke 
 wait how r ppl not asking this if medical marijuana cures diseases isnt it clear it also prevents diseases presscofference
 one night away from 2016 @penthouse pet of the year @kennajames21 here at @clubalexs dont miss this smoke show 
 why in the hell you wasting weed if you dont inhale that shit  
 a little martini and smoked salmon pizza. datenight momlife camarillofun 
  who will smoke weed now
 i wamt company but just smoke nd cuddle nothing else lol .
 i just want a girl i can smoke with...
 i need all of the weed
 wake up smoke n blunt then go open an occupatin
 cigars smoke em if you got em 
 @occupydemocrats private prisons for marijuana users. then replace undoc workers with inmates in fields. great scheme by trumps traitors
 eat ass and smoke grass.
 need a friend who loves j cole and weed as much as me
 hoes  liars  partiers  drinkers  smokers  and pushovers are things i will  not fuck with.
 i hate smoking weed i keep eating this is why i prefer snow white
 i smoke so much the ash is about to fall on me
 apparently the kkk had such shitty weed to leave such a big impression on jeff sessions.
 i smoke 200 hunnid blunts just to get me through the night
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2812 ganley drive baltimore  send message. 
 barely came bacc from that weed coma
 there are only a few things i love more than a free bag of weed and juice n java 
 smh my mom got a weed stash but she wont tell me where it is 
 beautiful day to smoke some gas 
 all i do is work sleep smoke and go out of town occasionally
 some girl is wearing a shirt with marijuana leaves on it and my prof goes are those maple leaves thats awesome gtg
 where recreational marijuana use is concerned  spicer issued a different verdict on socalled states rights during the very same presser.
 trump wants to take away weed  oh hell no  
 wicked weed basic white beer now available on tap.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 @thebhadbhabie looks like she sucks dick for weed
 cant smoke weed so i smoke blacks and idgaf 
 if the marijuana question at the press conference yesterday was planted  why did spicer not know more about medical mj amendment
 i just like to smoke and have a good time 
 my mom just found out i smoke. that drug test came out positive
 rosewood and fairfax. its food drinks smoke allat. all proceeds goin to my brother family man so gone slide threw. 
 a singer in a smokey room a smell of wine and cheap perfume for a smile they can share the night it goes on and on  and on  and on 
 bitches hmu when they wanna smoke   lol bye crackhead .
 soon as i get off im getting some weed amp go home 
 phil jackson must have the dopest weed no worries up in the clouds @ajisthereal
 @thefive @ericbolling you say where immigration is concerned we are a country of laws but where marijuana is concerned it does not apply
 i luvvvv smoking in harlem the weed is always fire
 i call me sirius black because its like catching smoke with your bare hands
 corned beef house toronto  montreal smoked meat burger. great food.  if you havent been then 
 that reefer i carry  blew it like madness and king kong even blew these trees down. call that big bud.
 everyone has to smoke weed at least once in their life otherwise youre not living life correctly
 there is no correlation between marijuana and opiates... 
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 3000 block of ne 108th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000016296 1612 pdx911
 saw a giant bag of smokes on the floor of oc transpo bus. that is one way to pick up smoking. cough freenicotine pickingupanewhobby
 @themanimal18 slightly different one  but yes  you bet. were using cannabis effectively to treat opioid addiction  ptsd and over 200 more
 @scottreel63 @trumpregrets trump doesnt care about you or your weed...only your vote...and please stay off his lawn  he lies to everyone
 as soon as i went in my mama said i smelled like smoke 
 honestly i just wish i couldve smoked up with kurt cobain.
 bro i used to go here with @hoyclaaren to smoke and catch pokmon  
 just trying to smoke hookah with @liragalore thats my sis fr
 my dick smells like smoke
 i just need to smoke another blunt before i fuccin lose it 
 @domizdope i dont smoke fam
 @dalesrfan  i dont smoke or do drugs. i have a class a cdl and haul freight. my license is my livelihood.
 q i think im allergic to weed.  dakota what do you get high
 after sex  you smoke. its a rule.  you gotta light  no. oh.   
 you smell like weed
 nothing better than hibernating in a basement with weed and netflix
 @potus @realdonaldtrump you know what happens when you criminalize marijuana you send american  south of the border. idiot
 it could be a smokescreen 
 fifth of all its funny how people be like i gotta have me a blunt as if they didnt use to not smoke 
 trumprussia who needs weed when youve got trump water 
 call me the  alphabet boy  cause i keep a  l on me   i smoke good throwin up my  7s  in ya hood nigga  .
 went into this club. security checked my purse saw weed and didnt give a fuck 
 @eeemcguire i djed a christian halloween party once   they got trashed but looked at me funny when i pulled out weed it was weird
 what 5 popular drugs including weed and booze do to your body and brain  
 need some smoke so i can back to sleep
 the better let me smoke cigs during reconnections 
 this makes me happy winterintexas @ froberg vegetable amp fruit farm  greaks smokehouse 
 @ivanthek ed lampert has a real smoker going
 if trump use weed legalization cash to build his wall  liberal america would be so conflicted  i would too. 
 liesteenstelltheirparents thats not my weed. 
  dont drink that winecoke would be betterits easier to findn if that wont do smoke a joint or twobut dont drink that wine...  lmao
 lmao nicki chooses her battles wisely. iggy and hanna montana lmfao. she wanted no smoke with kim she doesnt want 
 lane county community members are super stressed about marijuana rights. probably we could have all predicted that issue would be a big one.
 i know this hoe heard her say you cant smoke on here
 7th grade i got suspended for making weed cupcakes and selling them at school 
 sir can you turn the smoke on  we wanna take pictures in it takes pictures literally in the smoke doesnt wor 
 hit a lap around the world just to land in amsterdam amp smoke a blunt up in a coffee shop
 gets on facetime w best friend me what kinda beer you want  kristynn i just bought beer amp lets smoke a blunt  fave phone calls
 im getting so irritated and annoyed because i havent smoked today
 @jimutter @matttifft pretty good looking toyota all covered in smoke
 everybody a remy ma fan now cool. ima go smoke though.
 couple of smokes behind walton kubball
 when your client is beautiful to begin with  youre just adding a little glam. smokey purples  
 its saturday night i am not getting money i am not smoking weed i am going to do my homework like a big girl
 @missmayim restroom up to state  not like marijuana which is federal even though voters have already decided.
 man idek why i tweet this shit out none yall smoke like that anyways 
 i think its been a year since i smoked out of a bong
 finna smoke amp take my asss to sleep
 @realdonaldtrump all you have to do is legalize weed and create jobs with hemp and allow people to smoke when they want and you win forever
 im really tryna match a bitch on a shopping spree im good with smoke
 good grief its been so long since i did some weed whacking i forgot i grew hair in some spots. 
 smoking weedb
 winmeoverwith weed.  good weed 
 i love smoking weed i hate advice
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 just need a shawty to roll one up amp smoke some broccoli when its time 
 remy smoked nicki boots 
 does anyone know a reliable source to get a medical marijuana card in nevada
 my accidentally texted my boyfriends roommates mom and asked if she wanted to smoked a blunt
 hello  my name is the spotted wood sorrel and i am not a pesky weed.   looking a bit like 
 scrambled eggs  applewood smoked bacon  jack and cheddar cheese  potatoes  and green chiles  
 setting the table for this week by going back with camp hillcolumbia  central yorkcedar crest  amp hempfieldmifflin 
 christians....telling this guy he isnt welcome because he smoked cigarettes wtf 
 this could be our new fav place @ blowin smoke in savannah  ga 
 i dont get why ppl smoke cigs... i just have no desire to look 120 when im 40
 tf  you gone be like smokey in the chicken coupe 
 i literally smoked dutches back then and now i think about it now and be like 
 wasting weed is like waisting money to me it gets to me fr 
 i got some smoker changing my axles lmao
 i dont smoke weed but i always end up talking to pot heads 
 dense weed  posing a g as 1.52 gs and turning a 10 profit  yall knew that tho
 vegas sunday sunday sunday specials at oasis medical cannabis vegas 710family 420 
 getting my pre oscars drinks rn and a snack then ill be smoking weed throughout the show
 gop lawmakers circulate bill  push for hemp comeback in wisconsin 
 its because of him we need weed 
 im shook at how much weed i can legally purchase.
 surprisingly like it a bit more sans cherry.  drinking a smoked chocolate stout at @lionbridgebrew   photo
 apple smoked trout fresh salad and lobster tail mmm mmm good 
 i wanna smoke a blunt and sheesh 
 lmao tsu smoked him with that fsmash yo lets go
 crisp and delicate  yet flavorful.  drinking an all hops on deck by @moonrakerbeer @ smoke eaters    photo
 drinking a half hitch by @cruxbrew @ smoke eaters  
 nobody smokes more than i do tbh
 @cnnbrk people need to smoke more weed this world never happen if the driver was smoking weed
 everytime i get off work i just wanna chill and smoke but gotta get my fat ass into the gym
 bryant smells like someone threw a pound of weed in a burn barrel and set it on fire 
 currently smoked out with my man 
 patients should not be subject to 7 sales tax or a 200 fee for medicinal marijuana including cancer and veterans pts. other meds do not
 my floor smells of bud light lime and dank weed
 i just cannot smoke anymore 
 who gone be around when the smoke clear 
 superman with shi @ jerrys smokehouse 
 does someone wanna come smoke me out i really need this shit rn.
 do yall check yall weed before yall pull off from the weed man 
 i just want to smoke
 i dont smoke crack muthafucka i sell it
 cigarette smoke pissed me off. shit is just foul.  and strong.
 im just happy not smokin ganja isnt too bad moneydontbringhappiness
 whole lot of marijuana by the bundle
 @lawandloubs its hard to see the ingredients but pumpkin  hemp  chia amp flax seeds  coriander  turmeric  cardamom  black pepper.
 the super big hits and whatnot but also smoke cigarettes  im guessing because those boxes really dont hit the right notes.
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 1  merrick road 
 mr. presidentproudofyourwork so far. please review your other option state choice with recreational marijuana
 i should of smoked smh
 @jennaelsby13 weeds
  two years have passed since washington  dc legalized marijuana by @drugfreedc  
 sean spicer thinks we need stricter enforcement for weed...what about the real problems tho
 my grandma pays so much for my phone bill holy smokes. thats more then some peoples rent in abq. 
 windows down musicup good weather not to mention good weed have a good friday yall stay safe
 breaking news bamas tim williams is a college kid who smokes weed. the only ppl shocked by this had to adjust their spectacles to read it.
 we smoke the competition.  
 yall go white ahead and smoke this 
 brookside transportation is hiring  looking for a dependable driver   requirements  non smoker 25 years and older safe driver
 the weed was too loud for you  i hate my friends
 when your friends know you hate cigarettes and they smoke in front of you..... so rude gross 
 i cant wait to get home and smoke a couple blunts 
 how dare @danpabon support a felony cannabis bill after his dui last year that is dangerous  unlike growing 13 pot plants. shame
 @erieballboys @eriebaseball when you guys learn how to handle the running game and hold runners  well go ahead and smoke you in the court.
 drink a lil bit  smoke a lil bit  pop a lil bit  aye get fucked up
 sorry if i havent replied to ur messages emails carrier pigeons smoke signals i will get to yall soon
 10 days for terrorist to attemp entry. easier to weed out without the rush . no complaining after 10 days. make america safe again
 when you plant shit seeds you get shit weeds
 miss those late night smoke sessions at the trap 
 i smoke way to much step one of changed my problem
 10 toes down gotta stay gd up just calling them hoes bitches and rolling my weed up
 my head hurts from all this smoke
 i cant smoke till after my gig on thursday 
 i dont get why smoking weed is so looked down upon lol
 @gma weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @smithjake5 weed cures cancer... think about that ... imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @haileesteinfeld weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money
 if she really knew it all she wouldnt be smoking the weed. thats the real issue there. 
 @fatmacoftheswac smoke up
 @katramsland excia director on trumps possible ties to russia theres a lot of smoke 
 @uwebollocks @byyourlogic since he is now mexican  giordao probably smokes raleigh. 
 but hes a one trick goroute kind of receiver. whether or not kapgab could hit him deep is a smoke screen. low  pass plays to begin with.
 this kid in la rosa de guadalupe smokes weed and causes trouble  and i know my mom watching it thinking about me li 
 buff smokes three dudes  including a teammate lol 
 and everyone wants to know how we chain smoked until 3 
 how many times yall smoke a day
 one of my new tactics for weeding out intern candidates is to investigate their spotify listening habits. cant have bad music in the office
 field of weed californiamovies
 drove to phillipsburg just to smoke a blunt and talk to my right hand   my brother   @ 
 i cant  smoke that strong nigga swear thats word to my p.o
 @norml if they come for our bud they better bring their opiates cause theyre going to need them no stopping this moving cannabis train.
 count up smoke good with a bad bitch now those my type of good vibes
 celia hodes on weeds is my spirit animal.
 it be so trash when your weedman catches the feels. chill out amp give me my 8th bro.
 ion smoke weed bo 
 good drank good weed xanax 
  do you like weed  no but scooby doo does 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 16001610 n bethel st  send message. 
 i hope you have a good weedless day sheakeeper 
 @charlescwcooke @davidmdrucker even ground up this shit dont smoke
 this fool mcgregor talking all his shit. mayweather said sign the fucking papers. quit blowing smoke. 
 if chris didnt smoke would get out even be a movie
 how long yall be fried when you smoke out a backwood  like 20 mins. stg  thats why ion really fw them 
 new music video out now dj smokey  i got up next official music video by @positivepabs  
 @maggiieetg well those are fresh vegetables  i cannot imagine straight ground and liquidated weed tastes much like that
 gotta smoke in the whip while you wait duh  
 i smoke too much 
 @vsizzle504 @nolanews no confirmation of whether purchaser did in fact buy weed at house. just his stmnt
 it smelled like straight up weed at the plaza i was in and everywhere else i should say
 @savanna1945 but it was literally the first time i ever saw bitches passed out and weed smell everywhere
 even though weed is legal in certain states.. its still illegal federally.
 we smoke weed 
 yo this sore throats amp cough got me sounding like a smoke 30 packs a day 
 yall boys keep flashing your weed on snap stories  ima lmao when yall get robbed 
 jayla just told her mom she smoked acid....
 when you have a personality of a stoner  but dont smoke  
 dont smoke 
 so im asking for a friend but can you smoke xannies
 @affanimran smoke 2 joints  drink 8 pints and then get back to me imran
 im just tryna smoke amp eat some good ass food
 @ryannguyenin come thru and smoke some wit me
 police warrants obtained after marijuana found in pineville home after fire 
 they can be cooked in many ways but are often fried  smoked or dried.52 it is recorded in the bible that john the baptist ate locusts and
 all i ever need is back rubs amp a smoke sesh
 well back to being annoyed and hungry all day. cant smoke hookah  too 
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli 
 just gorgeous @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 chef foy is serving smoked honey habanero amp garlic honey mustard wings  steak hash amp red rice friday tix at 
 hb1655 new medical cannabis  certifying providers  written certifications 
 @kcebert @chillymostfresh hes a weed stalker 
 @thekidproph ion smoke but ill bring emilios thotty ass
 havent smoked any tree since my first week here and the way these folks be clicking off the medical has inspired me not to lol
 my teacher really told us about a weed app   everyone downloaded it 
 dont watch weeds
 @adoredelano babe  do you know what weed is best to smoke for social anxiety
 a new proposal would create a 25 000squarefoot medical marijuana facility on 19.2 acres in wilmington 
  hi yes im having a party on saturday bring yo enemies and get turnt off free keg smoke me out amp get crunk welcom 
 who tryna smoke
 im smoke alone 
 the valley of 10 000 smokes...which sounds like a cigarette store i love my national parks class
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 511 s lakewood ave  send message. 
 anybody tryin to go to ganja white night on friday
 she says she wanna roll with me and smoke up all of my weed 
 the obama wiretap crap is smoke from @potus. the real issue is to hammer away at the russian connection and prove it its a way to deflect
 first thing first when i touch down in austin  find some weed
 still is in philly rt @pinksostuckup remember when high grade weed was called exos or exotics lmao
 i feel like the smell of weed is lingering on my body right now
 tims and hookah smoke 
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 i dont understand when ppl say they dont like to smoke on an empty stomach like im waking up smokin  eating  smokin again
 i smoke alot of gas drank alot alot of syrup did alot of dirt flipped alot of work
 i wonder if i smoked weed would i not be as anxious all of the time lmao
 i just wanna smoke a fatty and zone out.
 whats even better is i bet my mom thinks im choking from smoking weed but really i am just choking bc i cant eat food properly
 when someone who gets drunk every night tells me weed is bad for me 
 kinda want to tu on my bday but then i also just kinda want to chill and smoke w my friends
 like do i wanna shake my ass or sit on my ass and smoke lmao thats the real mf question
 next time eat  dont smoke. naked brothers high on mushrooms terrorized apartment complex  police say  via @wgnnews
 my breakfast yesterday tempeh  asparagus  chard  kale  spinach  almond cheese  smoked olive oil 
 casually having breakfast in smoke central 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation bremen  oh
 @marijwannameet  if anyone is near hemet ca. please lets chat.. i know cannabis  and have learned about growing from good people.
 tonight mwa presents aroma thursdays @ eden dc ...... pull up smoke your gas  drink good and 
 that is why i tell my smoker friends to have a puff for me... 
 devastating example of how the nida monopoly fails medical cannabis research. @maps 
 roll one smoke one 
