 scott weeds wife was shot amp killed by a neighbor. at 10  jessica willey has the heartbreaking interview. 
 my soul is made of up of marijuana  whiskey amp coke
 almost got arrested for weed n this mf gon ask ay bro you bout no go smoke no 
 stop talking... there will not be any more elections in this fucked up country... game over losers keep smoking weed you pieces of shits
 i havent smoked since new years and i finally smoked some fuego today. felt like i had virgin lungs again lmfao. being sober is better tho
 langdon ave s fire. being kept back by police. still waiting for info. large amount of smoke in the area. gooddaytb 
 i dont smoke blunts as much as i used to but lemme tell you..when i do  them girls are pearled. 
 she smoken that kill kill and she shaken wen you feel real 
 k now its waaay too early  time to smoke myself back to shleep 
 work got me so stressed i actually smoked a cigarette 
 i know my therapist is gonna roast me for how much redacted i smoke 
 what are hearings for if not to weed out undesirables on facts rather than on politics. gop and trump true to form. lying to the hilt.
 welcome to salinas  where 90 of dudes either rap  sell weed  or got a clothing brand
 the biggest bigot  douche bag white male got arrested in this town for weed  karma a bitch aint it tanner
 another awesome keto dinner smoked sausage  onion and cabbage and 
 hes so high  he can see the weed bags under his eye. yea hes up in the sky...
 idk why but i love the smell of cigarettes  cant smoke them bc asthma but damn  gives me euphoria.
 i just wanna take flight cuz im so over you why u think late i tend to smoke a blunt or two
 im really craving smoked salmon eggs benedict
 speed weed is a pseudonym right arrow
 @ bdubs with my dad and isaiah  were talking about weed. my dad turns to me and says  you should use buy ounce from me and sell it  huh
 that awkward moment when @residente walks into the exhibit amp youre all holy smokes. thanks 
 im proud to announce that california cannabis tours  is soft launching during the month of 
 someone come over and smoke a blunt with me
 wanna smoke a blunt or 2
 i say this with all seriousness  god bless marijuana
 ucberkeley burning all their birkenstocks and hemp
 why would you put yourself on blast about wanting to smoke weed while youre pregnant oh my god
 roll one up and smoke me out
 lets smoke @lilyachty  im at lax
 do you smoke cigarettes
 @theenamoon how do you smoke doesnt that just taste nasty 
 my 4 year old sister keeps calling her wii  her weed hahahaha
 and yall think weed is bad 
 i really just want a bad bitch who i can sit up and smoke good dope with.
 not someone who treats weed like its dope
 919 pm im concluding romo will the cowboys backup next season. the release of romo  smoke amp mirrors didnt work.
 we smoked now im ready for this nigga to go home.
 do i smoke this blunt or nah
 found someone who would smoke @cbj0730 
 guns and hoses  the one weekend you can legally camp downtown falls town  campers set up and smokers going  gonna be a good weekend
 about to smoke this blunt to calm my nerves 
 obstruction on roadway in hamilton on hempstead dr at winton rd traffic 
 because they havent smoked enough of it. 
 where theres smoke theres fire @zillaspitbbq be smoking those  beef ribs  these shirts 
 cant wait till he come home from work. bout to blow his brains out. then smoke it off 
 im so tempted to steal his weed hes lucky its lent  lmfao i love @daalbanese
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3031 frederick avenue baltimore  violation no 
 tonight you can has meat smoked argentinian steak for dindins at barlisamarie   photo by the 
 i cant wait to move out so so can smoke weed in my bed and in peace
 picked up last night amp left my weed in my friends car amp i work at 3 
 mozzarella cheese  grilled buffalo chicken  caramelized onions  applewood smoked bacon with a swirl of buffalo sauce.... yea let me get that
 update incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 18  eagle avenue 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5626 midwood ave  send message. 
 visit happy daze smoke shop 4 smoke accessories  apparel amp ur favorite damn air freshener scents.  damnsoldhere 
 problem is  not enough people smoke it main reason why the world so fucked up 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation ashtabula  oh
 go be a cornball with your cornball friend who used to ask me for food and weed money 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation huntsville  al
 getting weed for free is right up there with getting road head while pantera plays
 girls  cigarettes are so nasty  lip gallagher smokes a cigarette  girls  omg hes such a bad boy i wanna call him daddy
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 love fast weedmans
 you have got to be fucking kidding me but people who get caught with marijuana get jailed... make sense i guess 
 red curry tofu donabe | smoked and grilled tofu | bok choy | hearts of palm healthlifestyle 
 does anyone have an extra ticket to the weed show @ucbtla tonight cc. @imtooeffinghigh
 nice dry stout with a perfect dose of smokiness.  drinking a smoked stout at @fathillbrewing   photo
 myrtle beach never fails to reek of weed
 the dark knight @mattharvey33 was dealing  throwing smoke lgm springtraining 
 my aunt amp i have just been smoking amp watching weeds all day long
 @blazermc88 @seantheproducr @mdrache @verumvulnero1 ok guys  quick smoke break then blue bloods. cause im an old fuck.
 it is time for sleep. and this time i dont want my smoke alarm to decide to tell me it needs a new battery at midnight gt
 thats why i fucked ya baby mama in the tub  while i was sippin mud  now im tryna smoke sum bud..
 111 a.m and no weed 
 where are the bad bitches that smoke weed at  roll something up for a g
 i need to smoke. 
 need weed.
 and smoke sum
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @violetk87 trying to do hw after we smoke 
 someone pick me and so we can smoke and go get lunch.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 and she had the audacity to smoke up a cali nigga weed and not drop on it. three whole blunts thats a felony in the state of california.
 this car just tried to be a badass amp go super fast to pass me amp they literally blew their engine out and their car went up into smoke 
 beer up north premium brewskies  character attacks and smokestacks  timmins 
 people drive by dorm rooms talking bout anyone in there sell weed  
 bbq brisket tacos  mac and cheese  and bacon wrapped jalepenos lunch @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 @bigjbeezy thanks we all know the corrupt smoke amp mirrors scam and in bed paid off etc  not how we do  biz @inlandprofcorp @thomaspkennedy3
 when you have to make hennessy your bff for the weekend cuz atlanta isnt known for weedlike  at all 
 everybody be wanting to be your friend when you have some weed
 selling a ticket to the ganja white night and space jesus after party  hmu
 lol government really be recycling drugs  government regulated weed probably just the shit they seized from over the years
 tryna save your weed  smoking lil ass blunts....
 gas is all we smoke
 you petty and childish if u still wearing weed socks
 i just took a hit of weed while a huge eagle was flying out of the ditch. 
 i just had a smoke session in the back of the bentley
 you fuckin knocks  all yall want to do is smoke weed lol
 two meat plate   i destroyed this if you are in laurel check out klobys smokehouse bbq 
 god gave us the herbs of the earth and marijuana is one of them. old person
 i need to smoke so bad
 @fireicepain yeah i bought the season pass on itunes because it was on sale for under 20. tonight i decided to smoke and watch 
 who trying to smoke tho 
 @realdonaldtrump look at this poser trump you barely filled the front of the mall up.obama smoked you  both times. 
 100 hurry up so i can smoke this blunt 
 i need weed
 who wants to smoke
 weve smoked a lot of bud bro just a little weed man
 come over so we can smoke blunts amp reminisce on old times
 im done with that weed smoking bullshit
 im boutta smoke a bowl in my bathtub bc ... 
 lmfaoooo  it stink like weed bro not sex  
 why dont you have the smoked butter scotch frapuccino anymore im upset @starbucks
 @jradmke your boys smoked millwall today...whoever that is...
 @wodentoad @nrdc @rideact xperiments wfuelcell. o the fuelcell bus says  i dont smoke i dont smoke i dont smoke all thru the town
 time to smoke where yall at
 awesome squeaky cat or dog toy. made out of hemp. kushstock 
 when you werent gonna smoke but satan trying you
 if yall really thought chain smokers at the rodeo was a rave... then youve been going to the wrong raves
 i really wanna smoke but aint nobody out 
 @liyah0507 @bbscottt hung  cmon now i put this on my dead bro grave when did u ever see me hang wit em or smoke w 
 ive never smoked weed  been drunk  snuck out or skipped school. copy amp paste this as your status whoever likes it 
 i cant wait to go home  eat  smoke  drink and watch shameless. haha
 i should honestly go back to bed  im tired. but maybe i should smoke this clip
 cant wait to smoke a cig and admire the beautiful night sky in mexico 
 i understand why people smoke weed
 last time i checked you passed weed around in a circle wit all the homies and every one of em hit it soooo 
 tbh if i dont smoke i wont go to sleep which is bad bc my house is in full force by 830 on weekdays 
 should i smoke this other l or wait till my 1230 class
 nuts and seeds  scoop of vanilla protein high quality  stevia sweetened  cinnamon  hemp and 
 my momma swear weed a serious ass drug 
 @venusfiower lets smoke a blunt today
 @bubbagump2 @albaldasaro @genflynn @realdonaldtrump there is more than enough smoke to justify an investigation. you disagree
 @lirr west hempstead branch train collides with car. 
 i turned in the wrong paper  and its sb  anxiety time to smoke it away
 bout to cop this half to smoke on aint shit else to do
 there is a girl on my floor that secretly smokes a cig in her room every morning and it smells up the whole damn hall 
 i remember reading this mchanzo fic where they smoked a joint together but like a cigarette and they didnt cough very unrealistic
 cold weather needs to chill out not tryna triple layer my clothes to smoke
 @agbell10 @cowbroker @farmlvngirl @bartparks @pasztor79 @manningfarms most in nc is flue cured for cigarettes. smokeless comes out of kytn
 why does clement hall smell like weed right now
 @teamtrump all smoke and mirrors. just like fake news wiretapping. trump supporters are the new dreamers.
 im just trynna smoke and fuck
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 517 north carey street baltimore  send messag 
 ozark cabin saison  a copper colored smoked saison that is actually pret... cabin saison  photo
 ju told me all i tweet ab is 3 things ... weed  school  and him  fuck no man
 statebystate legalization of cannabis provides a great experiment into how much of the us population has latent schizophrenia
 @kpkp30385 no smoke without
 join us @lasalleprep in @niagarafallsusa on 315 as students sign a pledge to live a smokefree lifestyle and take 
 remember when my ex in 8th grade broke up with me for smoking weed cause i do  
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 that new smokehouse pizza from little caesars is top 5 dead or alive. on my mama geee lol
 i feel like once you hit 16 and smokin weed everyday and gettin pussy than you old enough to pay a wifi bill or sumn
 some days we smoke  other days we grill. austin grill atx atxgrill @ austin  texas 
 @smokepurpp how to pick up girls with smokepurrp
 lmaoo the govt doesnt even smoke mids 
 headline should read teens who use fake weed are more likely to be fucking retarded 
 how i dont smoke woods but i roll em better than 95 of niggas
 time to go smoke this bowl pack
 i smoke far to much weed
 ive never smoked weed  been drunk  snuck out or skipped school. copy amp paste as your status whoever likes it think 
 yea they can they have smoke shop in p town were h can grab whatever blunts  
 definitely my favorite smoke spot of the summer 
 if i cant fall asleep like 20 mins after i smoke this cig then bye i give up on life
 might smoke a pound wit pound
 early smoke
 college frat houses are recruitment for skull amp bones. which is why they do the hazing  to condition and weed out members.
 there are two types of people @ 420am  the one who snaps their studies amp the one who snaps their weed lol
 its a good day to lay in bed and smoke a bunch of wax
 were gettin smoked with snow right now. 
 they growing free weed out there in north cali boi
 850 credit score or a lifetime of weed
 if yo weedman dont trust you enough to throw u a front either get a new weedman or become a more trustworthy person
 oh no no no baby  smoke so much dont need no visine.
 someone come smoke with meee
 deena still looks exactly the same. sammy look smoked out with them eyes 
 not only is it tacotuesday  but we also have our smoked pork nachos for only 8 tecate margaritas properdtsp  
 woman that smoke is such a turn off... i mean smoking anything  its disgusting.
 just found out that half the people i work with grow weed haha
 i hate vegas weed laws 
 i smoke a hundred blunts as soon as i wake up
 lol first time i read this i had to think to myself it it so said much weed  
 if your a famous rapper can you write off weed and alcohol on your taxes
 @meganfox whats up babe was thinking maybe me could smoke some gbs later.. maybe have some sex hahahahaha  college sex vagina
 attn we are ending our grand opening hours this week. our new hours are posted on our weedmaps page 
 thankful for life  friends  family  clothes  my home  school  weed  girls amp money
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 not overly smokey but its there. keeps the saltiness of the... smoked pineapple tritonia  photo
 come and smoke w me 
 when u at wally shopping for cali but you was reeferblowin in the parking lot hotboxing the whip 
  you know ill smoke da whole world boutcha put on my suite go get my boots ill go to jail boutcha uk who u is luh baby stop
 @skinner28d answer from surveys in both both us and europe not many. far  far outweighed by exsmokers and current smokers.
 wiggle worm || watch him squirm  a grimy  goodtimey backstroke  blowing smoke  cant take a joke  a slimy slowpoke pembroke || giggle germ
 but i wanna smoke again 
 i remember i was in a pissy mood one day and my boy who knows i dont smoke handed me a blunt and i flushed it down the toilet. i was hot
 idiot yo watch my truck pump out this sick smoke  me thats environmentally harmful im uninterested
 opened graffiti request via android at 2190 mission st  signal box near smoke shop. 
 i got this bag of weed but do i really wanna go through the mission of rolling up a backwoods rn 
 its 230am and im fuckint sitting in my car in this 31 degrees frozen tundra ass shit just to smoke a cigarette.. what are my priorities
 @3lwtv @realdonaldtrump the only thing snoop can open is a bag of weed
 @jeremywgr the nest smokeco2 detectors have these readouts on your phone the only problem is they are 99 a unit 
 you got pot to smoke but not a pot to piss in
 get this smoke in 8ball
 im finna smoke one for all my people
 no weed 
 my g pen ran out and i cant afford a new one yet i dont wanna smoke flower
 i cant believe i looked at my dad yesterday n said im high right now hahhaa if u wanna smoke some time we can
 dotw is red smoke and has @the86co @fordsgin infused with cranberry  then @campari and vermouth and finished with 
 jeff sessions knows the us govt. has had a patent on marijuana for medicinal use only since 1979. yet they say it useless.
 if my kid smoked as much weed as i do  id smack the shit out of him.
 stall moved to the  right shoulder in galleria on 610 w lp sb at san felipe  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 10 mins
  im serious. marijuana is secretly the cure to weight loss. 
 @usagsessions please educate yourself. dont discriminate medical marijuana based on outdated information from the 1980s. faileddrugwar
 holy smokes 1000 likes  this is the most popular thing i have ever posted. no kidding i am tearing up.  
 an irish coddle. bangers  bacon  onion  potato  smoked ham hock broth  soda bread  irish butter. 
 note in this tweet  i am wearing a tshirt that says i love weed wow this is bullshit 
 it was soooo much i hate small planes and i thought the plane was gone blow up cuz i smelled smoke when we started 
 drugmovies despicable weed
 that was the best season finale ive ever seen...holy smokes whens season 2 start star @star
 @ilikeeggss @occupymyland48 smh  at least smoke them if youre gonna do them
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 ltchrisgt ontario  canada is one of the only places in the world where you can marry a fag but you cant smoke one
 gov knows cigarettes way worse than weed   but cigarette company feeding to many of those good americans that are there helping us
 @billmaher cant smoke weed but... 
 they dont want smoke  they dont want no drama 
 smells like weed outside of work
 @maxokream wya you trynna smoke just got to austin
 just bought some sticks at walmart and the cashier told me she could go for one of those. how she know i dont smoke dutches straight
 our society is soo fucked up. a man will face 20 years over weed but this bitch gets 3 years for raping a 13 year o 
 hit the weed and then take flight @ greensboro  north carolina 
 yall probably already know i smoke but marijuana was a fuckinh gift and whoever found it i thank you. youve helped me out a lot bro. 
 literally like 2 of japanese people have smoked weed  kanan is the 2
 i made those brownies way too thick. i shouldve put some weed in them @karsynmckennon 
 this dude in his scion tc kept cutting me and wanted to race. well... lets just say dude got smoked 
 hb1034 passed medical marijuana license issues 
 not even weed a fucking cig  
 i need to smoke  like now 
 still blowin thick smoke as you powder ya nose
 we have melted the snow.  i can smell the smoke.
 vol 1 of new smoke show is out today  give it a download and a listen  countrymusic 
 wow snoop must be getting some bad weed. maybe he should get his script changed 
 well looks like we... drank everything in the entire world... and then we went out... and bought some crack and smoked it
 smoke weed till i hallucinate
 im heeerrrreee who tryn link and smoke
 and smoke lol
 @realdonaldtrump 1of france killers of 139 said in carhandcuffed they give us marijuana to detach so we can kill theynotnormallydo
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation danville  va
 patrick stewart saying that he smokes all day everyday is not surprising pretty sure he and ian mckellen get stoned together
 im the guy hiding in the bathroom doing smoke tricks with my ecig at work
  niggas still makin up names for dey weed ... fuck wrong wit em @youngdolph @richphantum @kaylabrianna 
 now the weed man taking too long 
 im a newage celt  i dont drink  i smoke
 clear sky gt smoke humidity up 45 gt 48 wind 13mph gt 8mph
 i really hope thats my neighbor using a weed wacker amp not a bug stuck in the window
 @birdiesandpar @golfchannel mike weir has more talent in his left pinky than you....... wait he probably doesnt. we could both smoke him.
 the famed atlantic ave in delray.   @ smoke bbq 
 she needs to smoke a bowl or something. take a breath. so angry. btw ur a hypocrite tomi. 
 how italians smoke weed 
 fuck a green beer. i smoke green kush everyday.
 @stephenkijak rvzs grave was a shrine for many years until his family had to move him. people went there to smoke amp drink.
 if someone random offers you weed  say no wise words from at
 @jeffgrubb @dallas413 @potus  all that weed man.....its fried your brain cells. delete your account. youre far from being verifiable yuk
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 find u a nice guy that smoke kush amp settle down
 lmaoooooo greg about that free smoke he aint want none at all 
 the sencillo black special edition squatting on our kings of smoke cigar holder customized for 
 its almost 2 still never got cigarettes... probably gonna dab myself to sleep and eat more weed candy
 mine is this...the original tomb raider series is bad and the remake absolutely smokes them. 
 i just smoked a blunt wit yo girlfriend...
 @jassscasssh i smoked your joint
 i legit can smoke a while 8 grams by myself   straight hot box amp good vibes
 tryna decide whether i have enough time to smoke
 @recordsage thanks for the rt. we love helping people that want to become former smokers
 free smoke
 its finally here. morelife drake np free smoke 
 free smoke  
 free smoke eh ye already know yea
 free smoke approved 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke
 did drake mention sorority in free smoke bc lmaoooo wonder how many girls r going to use that line
 if you smoke  get ya own kush..dont hit a nigga blunt 
 if he plays i have a good feeling @bowdo83 makes the cut in puerto rico next week. please smoke tommy two gloves.
 jus wana eat  cuddle amp smoke facials 
 my parents accuse me of smoking in my room when really its just the weed being too loud 
 @zomdadon you the one who want weed shorty .
 the beat on free smoke is ridiculous
 nigga be turnt up when they smoke something dawg............that walk down do be vicious tho
 but it niggas sitting in the jail for a gram of weed 
 trey smokes dicks
 i think my 14 yr old sister is trying to bully me bc i told her that shes an idiot for smoking weed out of a soda can
 they told niggas not to smoke cuz shit will get shut down and they steady sparking up 
 free smoke has to be one of my favorite songs now
 yoooooooo i just put free smoke on in the beats smhhhh morelifemoreeverything
 damn i just wanna smoke .
 if you smoke cigarettes stop
 i just got to my hotel room after landing amp my whole room amp floor smell like dank ass weed so im friends w the desk girl amp were fixin it
 free smoke
 free smoke free smoke aye free smoke free smoke aye  
 free smoke kmt 
 free smoke is a lit ass intro 
 on mapleton ave  before it turns into sunshine canyon dr. difficult to breathe because of smoke. fire in distance. 
 and smoke blunts 
 free smoke  free smoke aye
 free smoke 
 my cousin how come you guys got to legalize weed and i dont get my phone
 lmao but fr tho i know people that used to be so against smoking weed and now they beg me to smoke them out
 my homemade kielbasa heading for a smoke on my @traegergrills 
 i just wanna smoke
 trynna smoke before work its beautiful outside
 free smoke
 an old man sitting in front of me at church has marijuana leaves on his socks and idk if he knows what they are 
 i smoked 2 woods of gas man im stuck 
 im at @bonedaddys house of smoke in plano  tx 
 always reppin @redhornbrew this time at @cmvincent8 @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery 
 been enjoying the company of myself lately  especially when the wine or weed kicks in lol 
 initial favourites from morelife... free smoke  gyalchester  portland  sacrifices  do not disturb. @boi1da amp @drake are magic together 
 @mightymitchell1 @gopin2020 @jessiejaneduff flag officers serve at behest of nca amp they know this weed out the guys who arent loyal .
 @charlesmblow smoke em if ya got em 
 nascar on the radio  good smoke in hand. apiratelooksat40 
 could have sworn i smoked all my blunts in padre but i just found 2 in my bag.  im lit.
 i just wanna smoke  cuddle  and watch movies.
 @illex lil bit  probably. she also never smoked  rarely drinks.
 day 3 and still no weed and hot cheetos
 im so bore d i could really smoke my entire 8th today i wish my computer was fixed 
 eye like the pope  the dope smokes dope 
 yes  everyone is going to smoke atleast once. id rather my kids smoke with me then smoke with randoms. 
 have u ever smoke by urself eye closed  music playing in the headphones  feel like u in ur own outer space
 since i cant smoke weed anymore ive turned into a big internet troll
 yall in vegas killing girls over weed smh
 intro of free smoke is pitched up vocals of nai palm from hiatus kaiyotes building a ladder  morelife  
 @healthythings1 @farmacyvictoria yes i do im are epileptic the fact that i dont wanna bottles of pills given to meamp believe in medi weed
 i swear to god  i need a fricking smoke
 free smoke the best track on morelife
 i smoke dat gas on da daily   um talking bout dooley smoke 
 @woodywitda annoyed by a nigga and his skimp weed bag
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation buffalo  ny job
 man i fucking hate this kinda weed  got me trippin out so hard
 someone bring me banana smash rilos and i will smoke you out. 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 @1010xllauren thought you meant these cubans.  never struck me as a cigar smoker. 
 dt amp team have perfected throwing up smokescreens. he is a traitor who is allowed to pick scotus. interesting. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 533 north calhoun street baltimore  send mess 
 ive never smoked weed  got drunk  snuck out or skipped school. copy and paste this as your status whoever likes it thinks youre lying
 @antiochhou @mikebickle @allenhoodihop @mistydedwards @forerunnermusic @antiochwaco cough you gonna smoke when you get out tweet ooohhh
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 725 north port street baltimore  send message. 
 once the skepta interlude hits more life is nothing but a banger. free smoke  blem  and no long talk being the first half bangers tbh.
 so i told my mom ima start slanging weed and bars and maybe even coke   amp she took it pretty well  gotta make that money juggin
 free smoke free smoke
 we ran over a skunk and gram asked me if i had weed in my pocket 
 @williamshatner if you could smoke a joint with anyone living who would it be
 if she aint got ass ion wanna smash  weed so good ion wanna pass 
 bae vibes @jizzaraw and weed keep me motivated and inspired 
 havent smoked in over 6 months... went to my hometown for 4 days and bought a pack. triggered
 they got undercover cops on campus asking all the niggas if they got weed smh
 thanks weed 
 free smoke free smoke
 id appreciate it if my roommates boyfriends didnt smoke 
 how italians smoke cannabis  howitalians
 cant smoke weed for the next week  so its back to chakra cleansing and working out instead
 wanna smoke and chill with someone but theres no one 
 cant wait to smoke and watch this chappelle 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 anyone else feel sick in the mornings til they smoke some weed its okay though  its non habit forming.
 sure  blame the weed. lame excuse. heres some advice dont tweet while stupid. 
 why is it harder to quit smokeing cigs then weed
 with canada poised to finally legalize marijuana  long time pot smoker @woodyharrelson gives up the ganja. 
 a woman that smokes wit you understands that those late night food dates are the backbone of yall relationship
 had to be done @ zuckers bagels amp smoked fish 
 this saturday we at @faceznightclub wonder b performing his hit single fuck  smoke  amp chill shit finna be cr 
 free smoke 
 trumps push to get marijuana legalized faster is bad as well. cutting alot of our school funding
 oh smokey. 
 bb sparks her cigs amp i smoke weed and we just chill hahahahahaha
 and you smell like smoked gouda cheese dont see me complaining 
 @ninagia i feel priveleged to smoke that.  nina to brandon on his rolling skills
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @bvweir @sandee9378 @palmerreport   im tweetless holy fing smokes
 oh you want to save the bees how about starting with not spraying your entire lawn with chemicalspesticides every year to kill weeds 
 serge is african. lopez wants no smoke 
 then they got smoked by the orioles in the world series 
 mama ive been twistin weed
 @benedictevans depends how many cigs one can smoke during a supercharge
 who needs a diamond ring when theres crystals on your reefer
 @liveinconcert agreed. thought he wouldnt top free smoke. then gyalchester came on.
 got i vited to a smoke sesh n movie lol
 niggas start acting soooooooo different when they hit the weed .. im bout sicka this shit
 hit the weed n my mind just open up
 shoutout to the asshole in our complex that smokes weed on our porch every night amp hacks up a lung while blasting music.
 this tweet is terrible everyone stay positive amp hydrated goes and chain smokes 
 time to watch some sc smoke a blunt and crash
 when a female wanna smoke like 3 times in under two hours  like do i look like a mothafuckin weed plant
 i feel like i need weed... or at least some edibles or something. suggestions on a natural stress reliver
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 when youre tryna stop but someone asks you to smoke 
 free smoke free smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 107 south carey street baltimore  send messag 
 i havent eaten  or smoked a blunt. what makes you people think i really wanna have a conversation
 omg.. nut job is right maybe the weed and alcohol has cried this mans brain 
 all i do in so flo is eat acai  smoke pot  and go to the beach a saga
 @donfazool anyone can grow weed but it takes talent and dedication to grow good weed 
 she must smoke crack 
 yal dating bitches who get their weed for free lmfaoo bless up
 ive been sleeping on smoke sausages  they pretty good
 our apartment really lit lmao like its no reason for me to leave my house . we always got weed   liquor . we got a hookah   a stripper pole
 waking up cigarette smoke then its back to these hopes of me packing out crowds
 i got weed
 my ex smoked me in cod 4 straight games and then i quit and made her play on my team 
 theres so many cute boys in my sociology class. once again  i sat next to the same lightskin boy with his nice beard who smells like weed.
 shitttt ill smoke the whole pipe for 5 million wym 
 smoking weed is the best pain killer tbh tbh
 i am strongly convinced he has smoked crack at least once. 
 lemme pop this microdose cannabis mint and broker a peace with every enemy ive ever made
 i need a day where i just lay up with someone relax smoke and watch movies
 this bitch wanna smoke all my weed....
 free smoke
 rt free smoke free smoke @drake 
 im such a genuine ass person who enjoys positivity and smoking weed but for some reason people wont let me be on a straight and narrow.
 blah blah no  is listening to you ever again when you have smoke maybe its just smoldering raked over coals seri 
 new arms dealers  jordan  drake  trump  trump supporters  cheated on women  cheated on men  full force  smokey ro 
 ima smoke a fatty when i get home.
 gern take this test  smoke joint and k.o
 teachingislikegardening without any weeding. 
 what is up starkvegas strawberry lemon  blueberry  smoked sausage cheddar and sprinkles on our 
 there goes miami music week. ima smoke myself into a coma now
 the grass grows greener on the side you water  mow and weed. why watch others succeed when you could be putting in the same work as them
 mexican girls used to put their weed in their horchata wen the dogs came at hs
 dont give me no hammer weed
 doing my hair but this smokebreak was much needed 
 had so much with these 2 yesterday. my shoulders are smoked but still had fun  
 still ready to go smoke tho 
 cleared incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w3e  hempstead turnpike
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation enon  oh job
 who is smoking some dank weed on the lie rn
 they didnt want no smoke  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 15001598 lemmon street baltimore  
 my whole family has been against weed for the longest time. now that we found out my grandpa has stage 4 cancer he 
 @presssec lol just not today right blow that smoke up someone elses    a 
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked.  yeah you think i need you but i dont 
 sober livin... been type dropped the liquor n shit but weed too now. fucc it better for me  bout to enjoy this last blunt
 that shit does not look like weed at all 
 happy birthday man  smoke one for me @leahlaflare
 passionfruit  4422  and sacrifices. | jorja int  madiba riddim  blem  free smoke and no long talk are decent. 
 lets smoke
 i just wanna smoke while i get some head
 bet i thought i was gone smoke
 nah no one wants that smoke  
 rap game is just fine just a few mumbling niggas we gotta weed out dats all but this may be a goodie 
 when you smoked way more than you shouldve 
 i heard someone at the smoke lounge mention djkemo when i brought up top5 canadian producers what do yall think 
 its really sad how i have to smoke before i go to sleep
 after 4 years  i feel like ive finally weeded out the garbage on twitter and i genuinely like my followers. feels good
 no matter how late it is  i have to take a shower and smoke before bed
 @sarahpalinusa isnt going to change me so dont ask me to smoke....
 i needa smoke some
 in cali blowin cali weed 
 how do people smoke cigs with their windows up man.
 i gotta give props to cig smokers loyalty. we in the middle of this snow storm  cant even see outside  amp they still went to smoke 
 god dammit i need to smoke
 people be like you dont smoke yet like they just know for a fact imma start
 i hate people who be looking for some kill but wanna pay 10 for a gram. dont fuck with shit you dont know about  good weed is 15 or up
 i just be wanting to cruise and smoke forever so relaxing
 sighs reefers...
 just wanna travel and smoke in different places 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 in china  only batman and @edotwoods can smoke 
 @grannyog20 he trying to smoke some dope its nice out
 @potus @senschumer @nancypelosi @senwarren @maxinewaters put that damn obadcare in their pipe and smoke it. check back in a few months
 im just trying to go smoke a blunt by the lake
 pass me the green   i need some weed with my hennessy
 i wish my best friend was here instead of tx. i just wanna rub her but and smoke her out 
 accident in eastmeadow on wantagh pkwy sb between hempstead tpk and before the southern pkwy  stopped traffic back to old country rd
 providence giving out free smoke take it or leave it your choice
 im really actually catching a cold smoking all these cigs. thank god i wont have time to smoke cigs this weekend
 why does your room smell like marijuana me its just my feet c
 when i die  smoke at my wake im tryna see who really got that loud
 @lilbhori @finkstar  i need weedman lawn care to come pull some weeds for me at my new house
 illuminati this illuminati that all we do is smoke woods on the top floor... nothin crazy 
 ive always loved my size but looking back on my old pics when i was smoking weed i was so skinny like sick lookin skinny
 i just wanna smoke a blunt
 @treysongz if u pick me i wanna smoke with u too please my nerves las vegas nv tremainethealbum is the shit 
 @lonewolfdc @jm3theiiird  @tomangell what i fear is this censorship is at request or pressure of dojdea to stop @twitter sales of cannabis
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 i dont wanna go if i cant smoke there.
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 2013 east 30th street baltimore  
 my remychef entry smoked duck stogies wplumrmy dipping sauce. vying 4 @remymartinus cook gig wmarc forgione  
 southwest cannabis conf  expo fort worth may be freakier than i realized. april 22 amp 23 cannabis 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 does weed have nicotine in itmeghan
 she found weed in the bottom of her grinder tho  so we smoked like a half of a blunt 
 i know my brother gone get out of jail on like monday  but i hate to know he bored with no weed. thats my nigga fr.
  do you drink or   smoke    @zoeydollaz  badbitches dopebitches
 i bet theres enough footage of me smokin reefer on lawrence traffic cams to splice together a feature film
 lets smoke something  music and weed  sublime rocks  santoria  reggae  rockandroll jointholder 
 drinking a stone delicious ipa by @stonebrewingco @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  
 i like morning sex the best. after we bust we smoke a blunt and go right back to sleep.
 @atrios didnt she die from marijuana or something
 dont think i can date someone who smokes cigarettes constantly  just a complete turn off for me.
 my name is joker  habitual smoker. 
 does anyone remembrr the man dracula killed while he was in the same asylum by entering his room as a puff of green smoke
 tweeting out your preference is dope because it finds women who enjoy it too and weeds out all the boring accounts you havent blocked yet
 i need to smoke so i can sleep toooo good  i been sober for like 3 days amp aint slept in 4 days .
 pull and smoke wit ya boy 
 so my bedroom is above our balcony  amp my aunty smokes ciggs amp my window is open.. my room smells now. had to close my windows amp shit.
 can never go to the gas station without somebody tryna sell me weed  pump my gas  or try to talk to me 
 community blueprint and thug boy. last generation to smoke a cigarette legally. ill put a whole country in jail li 
 pizza  a hot wing buffalo sandwich   alcohol  weed  and watching buffy the vampire slayer. is all im doing today
 who got the best women  weed and weather  florida or cali 
 the detox soup organic cabbage amp spinach with smoked turkey neck 
 @nikothefarmer no youre wrong niko...just like you were about me smoking weed. i ran 10 miles this morningwork out each daylive healthy
 @bringmenoodles aww thank you  amp ill be back rn to smoke a blee just came home to take a piss lol
 me whenever i remember i dont drink  smoke  take painkillers  date people  or have sex 
 yo if your friend everrrr rats you out to the pigs that you have weed  dat aint a friend  thats a snitch. and snitches are bitches.
 you had seven years. the law a fourdayold fish  sold as smoked salmon. 
 the ugly truth of the smoke spot. artlife @ the cedar cultural center 
 someone bring me a pack of smokes and a fat cigar ill pay cause im the boss hercules like my dad n mom.
 take me back to when this much weed woukd make me fall asleeo on the bathroom for floor for 2 hours 
 when smoke machine meets the lights. setlife boomop soundgrip productionsound @ american 
 i hate this generation of dope boys. niggas dont ever got no damn weed or mia.
 sunny packs me a bowl and passes it to me me hits bowl and passes it back sunny whered u get that weed from
 me @ my friends that smoke cigarettes 
 @norfaerie @kirbypufocia haha get it  i turned it into a tweet about weed
 you smoke to enjoy it  i smoke to die
 @metroottawa @metrohalifax will the same rules apply as with tobacco folks with respiratory problems cant be around any smoke. ever.
 weigh in whats your portfolio strategy as ottawa works on cannabis legislation 
 i smoked a cigarette today and realized i dont enjoy it anymore
 but they got weed tho right 
 @realdonaldtrump  trumps first sign of acquiescence. an early smokescreen to never mind. adios to trumps wall and travel ban.
 the eggsecutioner marinated grilled chicken breast topped with smoked gouda cheese  braised 
 gm you to all my real smokers.
 im always losing my weed n then finding it somewhere randomly haha
 eat smoke then take a nap
 i got pulled over and the police took all my weed so tight
 they gotta drug for ms thats 65 000 that gives you the same relief an ounce of high quality marijuana for 300 would.   praise on tho lol.
 but today he told me he doesnt have money but lost his job so really needs it amp i just dont have the heart to tell him i dont sell weed.
 best line in todays govs letter to sessions we understand you and others in the administration have some concerns regarding marijuana.
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation brownsville  tn job
 mewanna come smoke w me sis ill pass mebut its medicinal 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 @cmt holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @gactv holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 you gon smoke it 
 something wrong w me if i turn down weed  ion ever do that. wtf
 if i was in my death bed ill ask to smoke two woods dolo while listening to rick ross
 its 2017.. yall still smoke weed
 you tell cigarette smokers you dont have a lighter and they look at you like you just told them to fuck off.
 when your bosses keys smell like weed and it chokes you out. yeah that happened
 my 1st pay check ima spend it all on weed whos down to smoke wit me
 @joannaariasc ill smoke you up and we can talk about all our problems freetherapy bffgoals
 two girls in my complex smoke a lot of weed and have a stripper pole. must initiate contact amp make them my lady friends
 deadline for abstracts for the @acsnatlmtg cannabis chemistry symposium in august is approaching send me your abstract or submit online
 my nigga only smoke backwoods 
 alright who in the right mind would compare eating paint to smoking weed  drinking  and cheating ya chick lmao 
 nobody ever drank or smoked for the taste wtf is this shit  white girls always tryna make everything deep amp meani 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @netflixlat subime weeds
 i can officially say i dnt smoke weed nomore 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i have a texas cinnamon bun  salt and v chips  choco chip muffins  snapple  weed amp shameless. life is complete. goodbye social media
 smoking weed n standing up too fast is stronger than acid tbh
 teaching devoid of passion is like smoke wo fire  hazy amp disorienting amp wo warmth. passionate 
 i dnt smoke but tweet got me in the zone. one of the best vocalist 
 i cant wait to get fake mad at my kids for smoking weed
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 42464298 mortimer avenue baltimore  send mes 
 i sound like a chronic smoker with this sore throat. 
 i need a kd i wanna smoke by myself so i can be in my jam
 solo smoke sesh right quick to show some love to @openvape for making my heart feel like sunshine cannainformative 
 if i smoke this blunt bitch im gone forget you
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 free smokeoutowater stickers come n see us vapingsavedmylife vapingclouds 
 thanks bro smoke sesh soon 
 jerry jones out here tryna get the prohibition lifted on weed in the league. jerry trying to be progressive 
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 sorry  i had to pick up weed from the atm
 whos ready for some smokin mos grilled  then smoked  taylor ham and cheese sammiches for 
 anyone want to smoke a blunt
 yes she said black canary not felisity smoke ..go mind your fucking business  
 days like today make me wanna smoke pot but im trying to quit all together 
 gracias madre and weed my type of monday lol
 i smoke weed traitsoflikablepeople
 subtle chocolate and some smoke on the finish  drinking a shipbuilders oatmeal stout at @titanicbrewery   photo
 7th grade band playing smoke on the water with the high school band hpspanthers pantherpride 
 baby who you calling soft dont make me smoke up all yo kush  dont make me pop yo cheap ass pills  i used to do this for the thrill
 stop wasting yo weed 
 @btgtimmerman @senatemajldr @gorsuchfacts @potus when the father told his kid not to smoke even though he smokes 4 
 its nothing wrong with it  but bitches wanna come chill amp smoke my weed  but i aint got time to be smoking amp smoking i gotta get that .
 im gonna smoke this and enjoy.   dallascigarartqueen  smoking cigars cigar 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i dont smoke like that. like once every sixseven months type. so the occasions i do smoke i really be faded.
 i just want both of my followers to know that i absolutely smoked my family with my bracket. including @rangergundy.
 yall pick seeds out yall weed
 i love life i been taking flights out   seeing new places  trying new weed and food not worrying about shit
 i dont take ls nigga  i smokem. and its basic shit not worth typing lol 
 this could be bigger than coffee  hemp the next wonder plant by myclub8  
 fam who you know that dont smoke 
 let me smoke in peace. now if you was an average cute chick then the outcome might be different but you not so stop asking
 studying for my intermediate accounting midterm. cant concentrate debating wether i should smoke a joint to ease up a bit and focus.
 i wanna smoke a blunt with my husband every morning we wake up together and every night before bed.
 the get down part 2 coming out i need a netflix and chill buddy prefer that you smoke lol
 just smoked a good blunt now its time to train my client.
 free smoke
 would be interesting to see if marijuana use displaces some alcohol consumption  as the economist has theorized. 
 smoke weed amp mind ya business 
 ion sell weed cause i smoke it bitch i sell crack
 how the fuck some niggas sit on an ounce for so long lmfao how the fuck do you suck at selling weed 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation danville  va
 @presalohabitch trolls need lives and counseling. deep deep therapy. lmao. let off some steam. smoke a joint. wash 
 after about a month of the two jobs  i am digging bouncing from coffee to delivering weed all day. i am pretty happy where i am at...
 susan rice... as soon as we impeachtrump  we can get away from bs stories like this... smoke amp mirrors
 unmasking episode is a smokescreen to distract from the broader issue  which is that the president of the united states made a completely
 todays the day a comprehensive smoke free ordinance to prohibit 
 cant fw a girl who has no self respect. who will sell their body for a couple of hundred dollars and a zip of weed. 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 roll up amp smoke my sins away
 me after breathing in secondhand smoke from a cigarette 
 ay whats that intro song called thats on free smoke by drake
 my lyft drivers car reeks of weed. 
 prime rib. smoked to perfection want great food at your next event call us now for your free 
 you smokin trash ass weed outta backwood is like you smokin a black amp mild my nigga 
 @harryconnickjr holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 feel weird saying that but its true lmao stanky purrp is rlly moderating weed intake
 @notabubble @7wtc @yusschr when the smoke clears   trump will have banked more than putin by 2024. scary but likely.
 id be 3x crazier if i didnt smoke so much bud. it really keeps me calm. no pun intended.
 first of all that was from a video i was looking at. idc if a weed man drivers or not 
 a bottle of wine harder to sneak around than marijuana  vt pediatrician testifying that marijuana easier to hide than alcohol vtpoli 
 i have zero respect for people who smoke weed with their kid in the room. 
 theres a whole bus of open spots and this lady who smells like smoke decides to sit right by me.
 music and weed all i need.
 lmao some guy in class brought his weed pen and i took the farted hits rn. bruh im baked going to class
 all i smoke is killa  ya bitch look like thrilla
 cillizza theres a lot of smoke around donald trumps associates and russia @cnnpolitics  a triple alarm blaze.
 i just cant wait for tony to call a cowboys game where were getting smoked.
 i smoked a bowl and i dont have a headache anymore. i feel better mentally and physically
 when someone tells me theres down to smoke   
  do africans smoke i cant say ive ever seen a african smoking or a pregnant chinese woman.....ever
 to whoever just blew smoke at me thank you so much 
 lets have a smoke
 120 hydrocodone  4 oz of marijuana  1 oz of wax  cash  and paraphernalia. maybe you shouldnt speed carrying all th 
 once again in need of weed....
 if i postmates a pack of backwoods that shit gone be like 789.34..... im bout to eat the weed fuck it.
 need a reliable weed man in elizabeth 
 @janale3 i just want somebody to smoke with 
 hell ye the weed number. 
 somebody ft me while i smoke ..
 @tracybandz @almightyjasso lmao nowadays u just needa smoke a bitch out twice and shes sprung
 it looks like a time when a group of females come smoke your weed and dont come off nothing 
 @bixcut hes probably looking for a smoke
 @jimcramer he is not procoal. hes just blowin smoke.
 mood shifty glad weed men be up early out this bitch
 there should be no chance this morning of no vodka going out to smoke a camacho be back in 15 cigarlife 
 @dallascitymgr eliminate pio office permanently. those jobs are wasteful and was smoke screen for ac. adios to waste. need 2 scrub city hall
 more smokeandmirrors shenanigans surround @realdonaldtrumps recent boasts of jobsaving at ford  @thedemocrats
 frankincense set off the smoke alarm lol 
 holy smokes the compass charter school had 964 applications for 59 kindergarten seats. we got waitlisted at 59  which feels like we won
 marvels diversity propaganda going up in smoke what a fucking surprise.....
 got this whole gym smelling like weed
 i smoked a whole ounce in five days i have a problem smh
 @brooksdeuce yeah too much smoke  i think u forgot all the work i done displayed in front of your very eyes. but okay 
 lol my doctor this morning told me smoking weed causes depression and insomnia  lol somebody lying son
 pho realsssss weed wednesday @ sriracha in nashville  tn 
 university of colorado economics prof. coauthored a study which found that suicide rates have declined in states w medical marijuana laws.
 super beautiful today here in philly  but what are these purple weeds growing in my lawn 
 biggest smoker ever @ smokin jims bbq and steakhouse 
 lip swatch of @occmakeup lip tar in pool boy  using the bdelliumtools studio 716 smokey 
 @yourcpf do you have any opinion of cannabis for therapeutic use
 let weed protect you from murder  assault  home invasion and car theft in that case then...people are so stupid som 
 my room stays smelling like weed 
 did you happen to miss our webinar on medical cannabis   check it out here   
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3121 west belvedere avenue baltimore 
 i finished watching breaking bad  weeds  gilmore girls  gossip girl  thats 70s show amp the office.. i need a life or a new show to watch 
 @fobwashed @alexnavarro it is the same han  he smokes in better luck and thats why he is always eating in the ff movies.
 i  weed
 free smoke.
 are you wondering what is a marijuana myth vs fact check out this great resource amp share the info with your teen. 
 my weed twitter got deleted like why
 i need a smoke break 
 @adambambino smoke that shit 
 @stoolpresidente @paigespiranac what a smoke paige is  eating pizza was majestic and hot even
 fam i cant find anyone to come to the drive in movie tour with me on 4.20 if i go solo are you goona hang amp smoke up with me  @modsun
 what u smoked today  
 worse feeling is looking into your childs eyes from the front seat and seeing nothing but glass and smoke fill the car...
 and weed and my girl 
 will be going live for a lil smoke sesh here in a min for cannainformative cannabis vibeon
 today was a really rough day. they raided the medical marijuana shop i manage at. destroyed everything and took it all.
 someone smoke with me
 quick follow up is magic mike actually a pretty well done movie. louis ck suggested it. whats going on. god this new weed is fantastic.
 my hands smell like weed  wth
 fuck soy milk  fuck rice milk  fuck almond milk. it is all about the hemp milk
 this is why i hate the internet. no way were you 9 or fucking 6 when you smoked pot for the first time. foh  
 fuck around get smoked.
 you trip ya ass on clay amp ima smoke you bitch 
 im tryna wait for everyone to go mimis so i can do my facial n smokeeeee
 jfrd chief says 2 apartments had heavy fire damage  2 others had smokewater damage. gmj @fcn2go 
 i hate smoky gas stations bc i go in smelling all delicious and come out 2 minutes later smelling like a chain smoker 
 your mcm smokes flavored cigarillos bc he cant roll a backwood 
 why you flexin boy you dont want no smoke
 that time i blew hookah smoke in my wine glass  because... well... im not really sure  but i 
 my dad told me to smoke normal weed. im just like what
 wow  woman smokes crack while in labor  ditches baby 
 why do all these marines keep asking me for weed jarediniraq 
 dropping before smokers club 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @nicoamenta14 happy birthday dog smoke up and heal up that shoulder haha 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 im deadass fantasizing about weed rn i feel like im 15 again
 i am coating a large version of smoke 2 to be packed and shipped to a collector in california. 
 my cousins gf told me it wasnt ladylike to smoke weed.
 the weed bit from @lastweektonight was primo shit. 
 if u and ur girl are arguing jus chill out and go smoke weed or sum instead of escalating the problem
 except when u smoke crack 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 i smoke raw sheets i dont do papers 
 h1055 new to create an opencontainer law for marijuana 
 my parents need to get with the program and start letting me smoke in the house because im tired of smoking outside and getting sick 
 niggas dont want no smoke niggas dont want blunt 
 yall aint want no fuckin smoke imma pull up 100it deep wit dem dicks and let dem shits bang nigga tf who wanna ban 
 ive just earned 85 points using cigar dojo  never smoke alone app. one step closer to the reward @delawarecigars 
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well set up a weed farm.  well go to a weed farm  and work for it.  ask for derek  
 being a stoner and not being able to smoke for this entire week is a struggle 
 thats cute  i dont need a book to smell weed  i just open the pillow pack and breeeeeath 
 @jasramirez11 happy birthday baby i love you so much dont smoke too much  
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation defiance  oh
 blowing smoke  
 clear sky gt smoke temperature up 62f gt 70f humidity down 72 gt 37 wind 7mph gt 14mph
 you know what they say... april showers bring may flowers come and pick up the spring edition of smoke signals at 
 dont shame bogies if you smoke hookah
 it wasnt written on the peeling gel that denise couldnt smoke while it was applied. luckily  it removed hairs and a layer of skin
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation spartansburg  pa
 i see clearer on weed n understand some dr seussi  in a not so funny but i understand it now lol im stuck out here 2 what can i do write
 @polyscience help my new  third  smoke gun isnt providing adequate smoke  ive cleaned it  unclogged it and 
 like i dont even smoke
 @shimmyneutron ugh poor people who drink and smoke cigarettes 
 dogs on marijuana not cool   
 @kdurr22braves btw  ive done this 40yrs amp if u think he really won smoke some more crack if it wasnt 4 @putinrfeng fbi gop wiki  u lose
 @naynatey @iijeriichoii maybe where youre from. weed is still a big scary evil drug in most of the world
 i used to smoke all day everyday now i  dont smoke at all  what do i do wit life...
 emma where did you guys smoke me weed
 bet weed dealers are cleaning up lately
 blow the perfect and consistent smoke bubbles amp smoke rings using mangosos. come mango with us 
 vibe smoke relax .... qampa about new music and projects . hell just vibe
 if you smoke cigs dont fuck with me
 does anyone wanna do weed with jab and i
 @edmorrissey holy smokes. i drive by that building every day.  dangerous @petefrt
 donald trump is going to forget the deed to my student loans. stick that in your marijuana 
 holy smokey myron dewey from digital smoke signals is here sistergiant @ sister giant 
 pass me the green i need some weed with my hennessey 
 @ceohaize its a fine. they call it the weed tax.
 fuck that nigga now i got a reason to smoke that fool
 seeing students post more about college and graduation  rather than posting blunts and weed renews hope in our youth.. all shine.. no clouds
 roses r red weed is green fuck da police  n smoke like a queen 
 brooooooo speights smoked that dunk 
 this guy asked me if i have weed  like of course i do.. like this if you also felt the disrespect.
 i love when smokey checks up on me randomly 
 brains from people who smoke pot look like swiss cheese  it affects their brain so think what it would to to babies. 
 depressed i dont have any weed this morning
 a marijuana consultant is now a candidates in the henderson mayoral race.  uh  i have some questions...
 i got the weed at the crib and the liquor too
 see our latest austinburg  oh job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 class 53 of the georgia smoke divers is down to a count of 17 students out of 30 on the final 
 see our latest erie  pa job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   hiring
 that chick needs some cannabis in her life... @gavinmcinnes 
 goodmorning to everyone except the got damn landscaping guys weed whacking for the past hour 
 lol no bitch im a genius i smoke to be slow 
 someone smoke w me
 this nigga gary dont smoke what so ever   im finna get this nigga stupid high 
 this gone be the first song i smoke too when i  get out of school 
 natalie said fuck i havent ate breakfast.......but i smoked already smh   lol bro
 work  weights  drinks  good weed  guns and friends fuck the rest
 it aint the whiskey it aint the cigarettes it aint the stuff i smoke its all these thing i cant forget.
 sometimes wanna disappear like an invisibility cloak  or just fade away in smoke and forget what matters most n drift away in our little 
 watching someone smoke or vape for the first time is so funny because you know exactly whats about to happen
 i know im home when i have to spray myself with perfume before going inside so i dont go in smelling like weed
 anybody tryna smoke im bored
 so i just smoked a blunt in front of my little sister amp now shes putting a pencil in her mouth and exhaling smoke out 
 having weed but not even wanting to smoke it is an interesting feeling. its like control.
 so is that second hand smoke 
 i can deal with black amp mild smoke more than cigarette smoke
 when i get back to cali me and my boy @cmulaaaaaaaa gotta smoke a wood.
 can you mail weed
 anyone in scottsdale wanna sell me some weed
 this is smoke and mirrorsa metaphor for the whole life of this ignormaus trumpcorruption  
 i really just smoked a dutch omw to work lmao
 im tired of dope spots  and feins that smokes rocks
 which is true or false once a looser always a looser once a smoker always a smoker once a fool always a fool once a liar always a liar
 ya mcm tweeted rise and grind but stayed inside all day smoking weed amp playing 2k with his boys
 @tbridge oh  also  if you want lighter meals the bar at kex hostel  and the pizza place with no name. get smoked lamb pizza at the latter.
 @kaywilk15 i love how you ignored bodily fluids of mexican cannabis manufacturers
 @marcorubio fl voters need your help to stop the cartel trying to take over medical marijuana we want open market not limits w vertical help
 @hermitagebrews has done it again for all you sour lovers  aromas of oak  vanilla  light smoke  
 i just wanna smoke blunts all day and forget about the world  but unfortunately we all live in this planet called reality
 aint no weed in that 
 bought some legal marijuana today. freeamerica @ urba crested butte 
 ltprincessleia2gt caffine is much less deadly tho ltmykbevgt not if you smoke it
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 soo i was watching peoples snapchat story and my nieces were watching with me and someone had weed in their story and they were like ..
 sure was a good morning couple big birds get ready smoker here i come @laurelmtman @cementhauler99 
 i just found some weed in my weed jar i havent used in like a year. i dont know if i should some it or not.
 i finally understand how wiz felt when he ran out of weed while touring on one of his daytoday episodes lol
 steph just smoked a game winning layup 
 i dropped the little weed that i had all over my seat and i wasnt even high at the time 
 told my mom that my first long termed boyfriend smoked pot.... and so did i.... brian you are in so much trouble. confessions im42
 went and saw carly at 2 am just to have a smoke cause i missed her sm 
 holy shit lol  taylor ranch is a smoke off spot
 bro this is heroine. rt @ilovechronicbud cannabis amp chill 
 colorado has legal weed  realistic gun laws  a flat tax on income and a balanced budget. i found my libertarian utopia.
 brownsugar donuts smokeybones  @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  colonie  ny 
 i have to meet and smoke with @lovearianna one day 
 im too spoiled for shit weed  @kay7xforever
 someone come smoke these w me. hate burning alone.
 buy me weed amp in return i will give you a drumstick ice cream cone amp a tube of mampms minis. nice doin business with you.
 who tf wants to smoke for this long on one blunt 
 i just want a day with an awesome hike  weed  my friends  music and good food.
 my grandpa goes you came extra to a family event just to walk around the house  eat  and smoke a blunt 
 arkansas cannabis update via @arkcannabisind 
 she dont even smoke but she swear i got that dope 
 dont hit smoke at all if youre not going to inhale it
 someone asked my brother where hes from he legit said the united stateslmaooo  i want to smoke what hes smoking
 she just farted and smoke came out
 am i the only one who caught the cannabis reference lol
 i dont even smoke but they wildin 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you gas up  light up to this 
 the first time i smoked i thought the outlet in the wall was talking to me  @aashnishahh
 just smoke yal problems away
 and we smoke that kush yea that kush and we ball like swish....
 bout to smoke the entire zip tonight just because
 just on the patio smoked out
 bitches dont want no smoke  yall hoes play hard 
 just hit this weed cuz it might calm you down
 to be honest im fat because i smoke weed.
 when @olivialakyn wakes me up two hours before my alarm bc our house is full of smoke  i know exactly what kind of monday its gonna be....
 so now ive been awake since five  am pissed off bc ive been awake since five  and am sick as fuck from smoke inhalation. fuck today
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4015 biddison lane baltimore  send message. 
 rainy day  smoke 
 yeah. im not doin no more drugs   just weed n water bro. 
 ive smoked about 7 cigs and had 5 cups of coffee this morning...that just about sums up my day
 tbh i just wanna smoke a joint
 someone wanna smoke in willoughby
 smoke too much weed to sale it
 all i want is a baddie thts chill af n is down to smoke a blunt wit meh
 you can see the smoke from that dumpster fire in norman. boomersooner 
  rt @exhaledank this is the largest weed farm in the world  
 this boy in my cooking group just told us he smoked crack this weekend..
 my teacher mentioned how you need to be 3 years marijuana free to get a federal job and the entire class basically went up in flames
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 momma found my ball weed she cussed my ass out she said you stupid muthafucka im puttin yo as out 
 when i was in elementary school i used to sneak out of home to smoke cigarettes w friends in gangs. they kept me safe like family.
 i smoke a bowl. thats my chi.
 my ex and i smoked a blunt after not talking to each other in 3 years. felt good to know we both arent being petty anymore
 @edwardpentin @luminaria98 thank you bannon for helping to weed out the vaticans rubbish. bad idea to alienate billions of catholics.
 i failed my statistics test this morning so im bouta go smoke on the beach
 homeowner loses several pets after fire fills house with smoke. collapsed roof amp power lines down in yard a safety 
 chickpeas  avocado  tomatoes  hemp seeds  pesto  toasted sesame oil  herbed  etc...  
 @paulocoelho @debimazar a weed is a weed
 when ppl expect me to smoke on the same blunt they just soaked in spit 
 i be speeding just to go home to smoke and sleep.
 i be speeding just to go home to smoke and sleep.
 @lunaticplayz smoked out blood drive  rainy gridlock  windy hurrican harbor cmon
 i almost smoked the crossing guard.
 seriously whats the point of doing drugs not weed before you come to work  i dont get it
 i need weed in ast... queens dam it. at this point i just need some weed
 you might smoke dick it all you listen to is katy perry on your subs
 @seanvondary lol nah prob not all them smoke on the low
 im just tryna smoke and chill 
 @chall33 @nickcassella @espnnfl alcohol causes many more health and psychological problems not to mention family issues than weed. fact
 cant wait to get off so i can write my ideas down and smoke 
 @ledabearxox @tyrniplannister lmao  ok  ok  it wasnt me... i just wanted to see smoke pour out of lillithlannisters ears for a moment 
 @imdakotabrooks you should like come back to pittsburgh and smoke with me and alexis
 so when you grow up you go to dinner parties to just smoke eat and drink adulting
 @ap  princess pocahontas  use smoke signals 
 when i smoke papers it feels like im drinking diet soda
 re up on that khalifa kush shits fire.. smoke all this shit to my self and maybe some friends to match
 after losing classmate in fire  nashville school gives out smoke detectors 
 biglittlelies premiere with hbos smokeshow alepombo. one of my favorite neighbors on the red 
 i need to smoke
 nobody got weed 
 ma im healthy i smoke broccoli 
 why do ya think selling drugs shouldnt be punished do ya know how many ppl die from overdoses. and i aint talkin bout weed 
 seems like every time i smoke a black with these long ass nails i drop it
 @cnnbrk the 2nd hand smoke is the killer.. it removes 2 full months from ones life of freedom of fear.. as it remains in the bloodstream
 lucy says that ever since i came around her whole family is hella open about marijuana and that makes me happy 
 taking applications for valentines day come to my crib smoke fat blunts  eat edibles  dab out
 i gotta weed my garden. too many fakes lately
 @ebereee  dont mind the look i love the look.  hot hot  smoken hot
 happy valentines  dont forger to stop by your fav smoke shop and get your love ones 
 me and sheeree both smoke  me amp tee both mean amp goofy asl 
 myra always smokes me up  shes the best girlfriend when shes not being petty 
 my pops  joey peluso  joins us for a very special weedsday 3pm et on fb liveask him questions here to be ans 
 @senwarren @potus oh yes you will. i mean  you can always send protest  smoke signals. but you wont be spewing hate on the senate floor .
 this dude needs to smoke a bowl w his alternativefacts. ps jake  at least idiot stoners arent so defensive amp 
 i dont want no friends i want some weed  want some killers
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1924 bank st  send message. 
 just posted a video @ kristys smoke shop 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1710 ramsay street baltimore  send message. 
 i want to stop smoking  well i dont smoke i actually vape which is better than combustion but oral is easier when you are on the move.
 gonna have to get a job if i want some ganja 
 i need a ride from work so who wants to smoke 
 im just tryina smoke a fat blunt and give oomf a booty rub
 i am a very upset @enterprise customer. ive been given a car that smells like smoke. ive also been lied to about insurance on the car.
 @lexissanch you smoke  
 @tejoshuajames as an undergrad i never smoked but now i chain smoke
 @nullcookies @emvandermeulen thought he was ok with weed too
 if jeff sessions comes for my cannabis  i will greet him with my second ammendment right  and then a stiff left for good measure.
 i miss being able to smoke 
 i need to smoke a fat blunt to my face
 i just wanna drop out of school  smoke good weed but not too good and listen to kaiser chiefs all day
 @jeeezelouise i smoked crack cocaine
 porknowsweeps smoked a 8 bone pork rack it was delicious with wild rice and roasted potatoes 
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smoke
 i dont smoke
 did you know you could upcycle hemp string into friendship bracelets 
 @sarahbcallig lol wel they sell marijuana pipes
 @mekdaddy i wish mfs could smoke long distance 
 oldest us vet alive richard overton is 110 amp smokes cigars  drinks whiskey  amp eats ice cream everyday. who telling me i aint living right
 i just smoke my weed  drink my water  and mind my business 
 i ain in the klub if i cant smoke  
 are your smoke detectors going off yet 
 i need some smoke 
 maybe i should smoke then pray
 @cnnpolitics trump should spend half the time praying to root out his  own inner weeds rather than rooting out people who disagree with him
 woah woah @deandelray listening to @madflavor he got u to smoke weed again
 @kellyannepolls decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research 
 it makes me absolutely fucking sick when someone lets drugs   including weed take over their life 
 i remember back when i smoked  me and @dloud710 smoked a 90 keef blunt and this is how we were after lmao 
 got rid of those toxic pricks on my homepage. they kept popping up like weeds. feelingrefreshed
 @seanhannity decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research we need to do the same  
 yall really think crack and weed are comparable
 every time i smoke a cigarette i feel like im in a movie scene.
 never been the boul pressed to go smoke other niggas weed  i got my own  been the plug  amp if not all my niggas on deck.
 what kinda weed is this was ki off that park hill weed or nah  lmaooo @kaylyybabyyxx @kcrv 
 @kimkardashian let me find out you smoke  
 @almightychaz @ogbooskie on tha weekends smoke sessions  
 @drewtemper214 happy birthday dog smoke like 3 blunts and eat a hella ton of ass today. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2438 east monument street baltimore  violatio 
 too spend 200 on weed or to not 
 @debbyjsing @kenvogel the way to transform the groundswell is through massive infrastructure prayer for weeding out hate.
 the valentine gathering is at the ivy city smokehouse  1356 okie st.  ne  washington  dc 
 let me smoke dis dope
 @nursingcomunit @truthglow if institutions wanted to better the world for individuals and not oligarchy  hemp  
 @potus you want a trillion dollar industry dominated by the usa  legalize weed dumbshit moon mars space weed
 sell me weed
 i ate my bestfriend because i love marijuana 
 she say she dont smoke or suck dick. thats two lies.
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   kansascity  ks
 im really just tryna sit here and smoke.
 if i dont smokedrink before cozy im gunna be soooooooo reserved.
 oh fuck i need to smoke some herb daawg
 i asked a homeless man digging through the dumpster about two days ago if he wanted to smoke with me.....he declined lol
 @okaykaykay smoke sum 
 whats trumps position on cannabis should it continue as illegal drug or be taxed amp regulated like alcohol leave to states @breitbartnews
 no smoke  no lights  no coal  no work  and best of all  no black lung trumpsgreatamerica 
 ill smoke w u if u give me a spot rn 
 nigga cant even see to his child   but can ride and smoke with everybody tf
 @crabbybutcute my drugs of choice are caffeine  weed  and alcohol. mostly the first two.
 @indivisibleeb but he chose the most benign situation to responds to.  smoke and mirrors.
 @izzyrxdriguez i love daylin leach. he came to my high school and just talked about how he wanted to legalize marijuana
 i want to smoke but im in the middle of an rp
 got a chick and i call her lola  she feel like the ocean. like to drink and smoke some doja
 who trynna match up and smoke fat whats the deal
 @aramacairotciv so annoying like ur cool u only smoke woods  catch me getting high from whatever
 i dont smoke 
 pine cone smoked duck breast  dry aged and koji cured with a 4 month black rice miso glaze  
 @pewdiepie smoke weed every
 aye i smoke before my workouts
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   arlington  tn
 @ashleyylporter weeds is really good
 i met wiz khalifas mom. she smokes as much weed as he does. @alliberry12
 them you wanna smoke texts gtgt
 hahah i just want this class to be over already so i can go home amp smoke a bowl
 smells like burnt popcorn girl walking behind me it smells like weed    
 do yall really expect me to believe she sat there for an hour and smoked one blunt lol 
 conjuring up some dragons breath today  a.k.a. co2 subliming in naoh because science is always more fun with smoke 
 tryna figure out why i agreed to smoke a blunt on the way to work. too high 
 when my professor sees me hitting my cannabis vaporizer during the class break. 
 makeup fashion weed money amp tattoos
 watching the guy in the convertible in front of me power smoke 3 straight cigarettes so far
 u gotta smoke a dick
 if youve never smoked weed and you talk down on people who do  just know youre a piece of shit.
 pretty accurate description on whyyy niggas still smoke tbhh 
 i just wanna smoke
 i smoke weed for yall safety  
 probably weed and body odor. 
 holy smokes @c9sneaky you are my new hero  @cloud9 amazing steal
 i just wanna ride around and smoke but like i have no friends with cars sooo.... cant do that 
 try to smoke weed  
 need sum weed then taking it in 
 they aint know i smoked they was like shae you smoke and was shocked 
 @gasoperated300 yeah because that would be some fiece competition. most people that i know start drinking because weed is illegal
 i keep smelling weed. its not even from me either
 my boyfriend smoke so much i think he be forgetting about me sometimes
 im tryna smoke
 mind my business  smoke my weed   amp secure the bagg is all i do.. no friends   no distractions  i gotta make it 
 if you work at a cigar bar you better smoke 
 @watchout4zeb0 @charlesoakley34 my animal who smokes spirits
 niggas in br smoke weed   flex on insta   rap   wanna be inna cliquegang   dickride   or diss or down ah nigga name. 
 nigga i just wanna go home and smoke
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 some kid that used to sell me weeds mom was venting to me about how she thinks her son smokes weed lmfao
 the thing i love about houston the most id you can smoke inside.
 bts earlier today creating bold smoke with my new @marcbeauty marc jacobs beauty highliner 
 everybody in the league dont smoke drugs
 hb1508 new to enact certain prohibitions regarding advertising for medical marijuana. 
 imma smoke some crack. rock.
 that time she claimed to smoke kush all the time and we smoke then she falls down the stairs.
 brownsville got that fuckin gas compared to smoke up town
 @snoopdogg i got some weed for you my nigga
 duuuude my sisters friend is chill. she lets her daughter and their bfs smoke in her garage 
 if i could smoke id never leave my room.
 @realdonaldtrump where there is smoke there is fire. pee pee gate starting to break. not fake news. 
 if you aint roll it...dont smoke it...
 its 3 am and im tryna smoke
 can always count on my smokey 5am or 230 pm 
 a smoke filled casino is the last place i should be.
 my sister found a fucking nug of weed in her car from my moms boyfriend amp the bitch fucking threw it out the window... fam what
 me ...but its my last nug..  inner me quite trippin man and smoke that shit 
 dream waking up in a little apartment with matt and playing my records while i make blueberry pancakes and smoke a bong bowl on my balcony
 i always thought about just smoking weed all day
 heal your heart music video campaign @jellybreadlove amp @whittonmusic. bringing medical cannabis awareness 
 this weed got me lookin like im japanese
 the brunch that was  double smoked bacon  homemade buttermilkbiscuits amp sausagegravy. prefer this to benedict 
 @richthekid smoke one nigga
 psa ppl are tired of seeing every single blunt you smoke amp every shot you take on snapchat  please tell me you do something else w ur life
 not to be a dick but like i hate when ppl hit me up for sacks hella stupid like can i buy some weed but like not right now maybe next week
 having to be 21 for blunt wraps is evil. someone smoke w me gimme a blunt wrap ill fill it w weed.
 i just smoke my weed amp stay out the way
 in case cops are letting their teenagers smoke form the evidence room.
 if you smoke the right weed you wont be lazy
 @sumsupremeish i dont smoke
 i smoke where ever the fuck i want. dont tell me shit
 i fucking hate wind. first of all  you cant smoke hookah...
 i got smoke for the smokers 
 were gonna drink some wine  smoke a bowl amp call it a night 
 the smoke alarm was pissing me off so i took it off the wall and took the batteries out.
 why does my dad ask for cigarettes from his employees if he dont even smoke
 tonights menu four cheese tortellini with smoked chicken sausage  sauted broccoli  
 yo anyone got a weed plug here in san antonio
 should i play call of duty or 2k after i smoke 
 this is what happens when you smoke the devils lettuce  420 
 imneverlonelywhen i have weed and t.v.
 i agree with more tax money and less waste incarcerating weed smokers..but cmon...working at a weed shop is only sl 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt amp go to sleep 
 i bet parties in the 70s80s were super fun. everyone drugged up. coked up lol now ppl smoke weed and stand around..
 i dont smoke but damn that shirt  
 after work smoke sesh with kai never gets old 
 @andy .thanks for all the laughs  definitely worth it hw of denverfeaturing medical marijuana wives  new breed of money. jerryspringerish
 and a chest full of weed  
 guys that smoke ltltltlt yuck 
 thursday...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a little hookah 
 just smoke weed and chill
 easiest way to lose weight ill shoot you my weed man number
 i smoke my weed amp mind my business
 fall river  ma smoke showing 202 franklin st multiple calls @pcfntips
 @stapleton20016 @nbcblindspot i like the smoke it remind me of damien.
 @spacekatgal @glennf you put your weed in it.
 so how did it smoke  
 drinking a january barbecue smoked cider by @tiltedshed @ highlands  nj  
 my mom amp dad took my car amp it hella fucking smells like weed 
 eats edible  smokes two bowls. friend how you feeling me 
 i wanna smoke. i need a blunt.
 .7 weed .3 stem thats not a gram bih
 hey lil mamma come hit this marijuana
 please  i am too old. i need weed for this. grammys
 i always want to smoke before i poo but as soon as i smoke i dont have to go anymore and it happens every time idk why i try
 if anyone says anything about lady gagas body that is not she is banging or what a smoke show i will hunt you down amp destroy you. 
 sac fd  metro fire responding to sears at arden fair mall for a possible commercial structure fire haze and odor of smoke.
 my grandma just put alcohol and weed together  and before she said mmm smells good. thats my gmaaaa
 everytime someone say lil boat i keep thinking somebody askin did they ever smoke the water...yea i use to smoke a lil boat
 anderson paak was a fat nigga trimmin marijuana on his friends couch like 5 years ago lmao. thats crazy g
 my sister laughed at me cause i told her to smoke me out. lmao shes gonna be mad when she has no edibles anymore
 listen to smoke2dis ft. soulstice p  ydna  gamma ray by samurai scooby np on soundcloud 
 i ate so much today holy smokes im going to explode
 these so called artists that are nothing more the old saloon people who slept with everyone and thank and smoked themselves to death
  bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down  ill rub ya feet listenin to everything you talkin bout  
 @bananaheadlady where when who how what did he smoke
 broooo if i didnt spend so much money on weed i literally wouldve been rich rn 
 i hate weed smokes weed 
 i havent smoked a cig in damn near 2 weeks but the way this fucking day is going . man oh man
 @cannavibez i smoke two trees in the morning i smoke two trees at night
 who got weed and wax in az
 someone in my class smell like a pound of marijuana
 i wanna eat amp smoke my stress away.
 my car still smells like weed
 ion smoke  i sip 
 @fuhnessed i wanna sing to loud music n smoke n laugh hurry
 bad news is that i have scars in my lungs so i sound like a 10 pack smoker from pneumonia  good news is that i lost 5 lbs in a month
 i walking to class and this girl behind me said he smokes weed but not cigarettes so idk what to do
 how can ppl smoke cigs erryday
 @truthorange who cares if people smoke  its not our choice to tell people what they can and cant do with stuff like that.
 i want life to be so good that i dont even wanna smoke no more im so high off my own life
 holla fuck the world with my chest full of smoke
 its funny i face all my blunts now ion never smoke w anyone
 fresh off wrk time to smoke 
 my professor is jamaican amp he asked based off assumptions  what do we think he likes to do... this nigga in class gone say smoke weed
 course six smoked venison tenderloin @chefalexripley beerdinner with @bfbbeer and @eviltwinbrewing sfbeerweek 
 we are the new americana high on marijuana
 thats for them petty weed mans selling those small bags trying to turn a 7 to 28 shit dont work like that
 @giojmendoza you aint finna do nothin dawg just chill tha fuck out cuh it aint that serious you a smoker tho
 @oav  bring me weed lmao
 i like to smoke and watch @marthastewart amp @snoopdogg
 @trmpwin yeah he died of smoke inhalation. and
 i have no choice but to stop smoking weed for 2 weeks. pray for me
 all i smoke is killer ..... yo bitch look like thriller 
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 @couldovfooledme still and n about this with these lies  sad at. no lady balls either to actually debate  just sit in the weeds
 i just need someone that likes to hit the gym  make money and enjoy smoking weed
 i just wan smoke.
 fuck a vase full of roses she want weed in a jar
 @fordandhaig humidor is growing  call @ftbanthony if you want to place an order or come smoke with him hes lone 
 @mxxrissa come work at smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 210 south fulton avenue baltimore  send messa 
 if the judge dont put me in jail tomorrow imma smoke a spilt in celebration
 my uncle smell straight like weed
 i just wanna smoke
 @youtube do you smoke weed or do you suck dick  cash
 sooooo weed men and serving today 
 breaking @embryriddle news special announcement @eraudaytona 10am  probably introducing our new president. look for white smoke. goerau
  what i hope to hear as i die among weed plants amp loved ones.
 plans fell through  i have off tomorrow  anybody wanna hang out and smoke tonight
 waiting for my phone to have some charge so i can go smoke
 @firstreality @kmb2476 @ffstoryman believe me  the last thing i would do is smoke weed  especially since its indoors.
 z1s and daiseys smoke break 
 this weed needs pulled out by its roots please and thank you  
 if you could not have your cigarette smoke blow my way  that would be fantastic. 
 where there is smoke  their is fire .. what would you be saying if clinton people had contact and she won .. i can 
 teaching reading smoke to acting officer candidates firefighter fireofficer 
 closet high to weed is definitely ecstasy
 id rather smoke my toenail clippings 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   dover  oh
 @oreosandvagina damn maybe you should smoke some weed bro
 my cousin smokeatron been getting down on this fish amp shrimp caldo... i had to do it 
 drive thru smoke shops are so clutch
 im in roanoke  va amp i need weed now.... fwm.....
 there aint enough weed if i taste the tobacco
 start a weed farm bro  @8mileloko 
 @chrischavez @mindblowing @mrgomez12 i do thats why i smoke weed not cigarettes
 @torontofire couldnt agree more. such a tragic loss. smoke alarms and home escape plans save lives. check yours n 
 im at barbcutie  smokehouse in pharr  tx 
 baby i just wanna get cheese and smoke green with my guys
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 i cant wait to be home from work  im going to smoke myself into a coma
 @rileyluckie @irishshamrock4 smoke signals
 shes a little red wine  hes a little whiskey smoke
 @stoneydreads check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 annnnd batesmotel just got terrifying  holy smokes
 @soldados081 check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @hellfireco243 check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @jaronshiveley youre right. ive heard that marijuana thing has ruined lives and made people throw everything away. even kills people.
 you roll weed left to right or right to left
 headphones as loud as marijuana
 drug catapult and 47 pounds of weed found at u.s.mexico border. see moregt abc13 
 why do i have the urge to smoke and be with friends at this most ungodly of hours
 who drinks and drive when you can smoke and fly 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station
 baby just buy matches cause you cant smoke for free 
 this boy smell like straight weed on this shuttle
 and when the smoke is in your eyes you look so alive
 i am watching the congressional cannabis caucus. reps are working to assure freedom for states cannabis consumers 
 we roll em fat like that oprah bihhh color purp all we smoke is that purple shit @jeezy 
 find out how much it wasnt  a smokescreen when more info comes out about your treasonous potus. i forgot i talkn to 
 the only thing that makes me swipe left faster than a septum piercing is a smoker with a septum piercing 
 @americanatheist wow i want some of that weed he is smoking
 tory lanez really smoked controlla  very disrespectful i love it
 its too early to smoke or sum 
 ppl dont make me happy weed  money  and i do
 ld625 engross an act to prohibit the location of a marijuana facility within 2 000 feet of a house of public wo... 
 its on a smoke break 
 you cant smoke a gram with a lot of people
 i smoke loud  blow dank.
 can one smoke cat nip
 bout to get a side job trimming medical marijuana 
 i said aint no music on she said nah that weed is loud
 1156 engross the definition of medical marijuana and prohibiting the payment of workersamp39 compensation benef... 
 @whattheffacts how do you eat 25 lbs of chocolate wo smoking weed
 need some gas but i cant smoke 
 @l821l @bendreyfuss i almost had a crush on armand but we ate lunch together and he smoked all over my food. guess thats a smokin date
 i wish i had a pound of weed rn
 roasted potato chunks seasoned with smoked paprika and lemon pepper  dipped in sweet and spicy bbq sauce 
 man marijuana is one powerful drug 
 it smells like straight up weed in this bar.
 @thefieldcompany sorry  kitchen light is not great  smoked paprika and garlic roast. shifting wine sauce to anothe 
 would rather just lay in my bed and smoke 
 anybody wanna smoke on facetime
 here kinji. have a smoke.  bmoviemaniacs
 @buzzfeednews next time i see my weed guy i pay him with two candy bars and see how that goes lol
 i smoked way too many blunts in 20142015
 good news for californias cannabis industry trump may allow states some leeway with marijuana. via joegarofoli 
 im having a grande iced smoked butterscotch latte light ice at rye starbucks.
 holy smokes im just walking to work  minding my own business amp this sent me into a laughing fit of hysterics which 
 @queenseagull thought this said weed butler at first. could you imagine a butler just for weed
 when you wake up in a house full of stoners and all you can smell is fire ass weed. 
 @1future dropped the greatest album of all time especially to smoke to
 dont even want to do anything wild on my 21st just smoke and drink and bool w my niggas
 when i get out ima smoke so much fucking ls
 @mikespearman3  beer spritzing @ smokerbuilder mfg 
 @steaknshake so i went through your drive thru at 330 this morning some of your employees are sitting out front smoking weed.. not good
 literally just wanna smoke a blunt all by my self and relax ...
 now on demand on  plus orville rogers 99 and dixon hemphill 92 in the 60m 
 passed a house with 4 identical meat smokers in the yard lookin like some irl sims just discovered rosebud
 these dudes are smoking weed in the taco bell drive thru and just asked for a whataburger 
 many clouds of smoke 
 omg the weed smell is so strong coming through the vents 
 cop by old smoke shop rt to save a life
 twitter sucks and i need someone to bring me a smoke. everytime i want to respond to a tweet on my phone i have to sign in. annoying.
 ...my dad smoked without me
 i really love weed
 dont think my coworker has ever smoked that much
 chef andrews brunch sando feature this week is dat loin house smoke pork loin  barrel aged red 
 cleared construction on meadowbrookstateparkway both directions from exit m4  ny 24 west hempstead turnpike to exit m6w  southern...
 @lilxgrape ive been meaning to record a guitar cover of smoke em for like 5 years
 lmfao thats not weed 
 lol this man just said  nobody likes weed like me
 let me get up so i can go smoke me some dope
 he said everything else now is kinda diet weed amp i know just what he means
 @fueledbyemilyy smoke this high grade  kill your migraine its monday morning but we treat it like a friday
 holy smokes amp gee wiz
 i miss my battle buddys  weed  money and real music
 i b laying in the bed high asf enjoying that good marijuana 
 you dont want no smoke 
 you tell me hit this amp lets go  blow the smoke right through the window   ahah this is all we know 
 the bible said no drugs well how do you decide a drug such as advil is okay but other drugs like weed isnt
 ima just smoke a blunt   grabbed me a snack and watch netflix .. not even going out anymore 
 @walkingdeadamc holy crap. that semi darrell and richard were fighting near was from smokey and the bandit 
 lmao weed 
 big weed finds group free at 420 
 ive only done molly and weed.
 i need to smoke soon or else im jumping out my window
 if you drink lean and smoke backwoods but never heard of fetti go head and unfollow me
 anyone wanna come over and smoke and watch a movie or two
 someone bring me and mel a pack of sticks and we can smoke 
 @carpenoctemm its all about smoke
 i need a smoke 
 why does my room smell like weed
 i think i wanna do a smoked out wing tomorrow for work 
 now i wanna smoke
 ill smoke myself out amp never tell you when im home again z
 a true trump voting moron is the kind of person that will sell you weed and then call the cops and tell them you sm 
 holyyyyyy smokesssss this was me 
 time to smoke. 
 fire on the 5th floor at 310 dundas st e.  crews on scene.  smoke pouring out of windows.  @citynews 
 i dont really see myself fuckin wit any other drug besides weed.. im probably gonna smoke till the day i die tbh
 i like smoking weed  and drinking beer by myself  hanging out with friends and family is a waste of my time. monday coldheineken  weed
 one day...i was broke  hungry  and alone....i barely had gas in my car or any weed to smoke....so decided to go get it now i cant stop
 im deadass tired of seeing yall smoking videos  we all know that u smoke weed amp blacks n shit. why record it 
 this why you dont offer to smoke with someone unless you already got weed cause yall logic make folks not wanna smoke with you.
 tobacco use in baseball reinforces tobacco marketing  smokeless tobacco companies spend more than 600 million in marketing a year.
 people that smoke cigarettes are soooo unattractive
 incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue 
  lets do this @ north hempstead aquatic activity center in new hyde park  ny 
 @liindsaystassus ok if u smoke before me.... u owe me a real laser that burns thru things amp if i smoke before you.... ill bake u a cake
 do you know anyone whod sell weed for a dutch gift card and a subway card 
 please dont smoke blunts on your stories kids
 mendeecees sis smoke mad blunts and cigs lhhnyreunion
 im the type that smokes a blunt and bakes cookies  someone might like mee
 structure  hythe b boca  pbcfr station53 onscene of a working fire in a 4story apt bldg  heavy smoke showing  century village boca
 i smoke joints now
 can someone pls just smoke with me and eat with me lol
 @bethannyharriss me you n lexi should hangout and have a smoke sesh 
 need something smoke in
 i dont know if i wanna smoke this blunt but im thinking about it
 smoke weed 
 tbt when everyone thought i was suing the school bc of my broken hand  skipping class to smoke  being white asf  an 
 today were talking about joints. no  not what willie nelson smokes  but cracks in rocks.
 makeadifference at weeding therapy with ugarden  volunteerathens 
 our bloody durban poison phenotype will be sure to please  a female from seed whose 
 @csydelko listen im moving to la for the summer amp i think we should hangout. i can smoke u out 
 @brindaspencer hahah what they gotta do with this did they give 12 your location and where you hide your weed
 @noahflint  bro look how cool i am i vape and smoke weed 
 ill smoke yo bitch ass nigga  
 i forget how insane it is that you can smoke inside vegas casinos.
 lil pump amp smoke purpp 
 the smoke detector is really ruining my dinner ambiance.
 when you have no one to smoke with
 today was such a better day than yesterday. no one messed with my car  my weed guy came thru  everyone showed up to work on time 
 the only thing that can make me happy at this point is to have a puppy and endless supply of weed
 two for two tuesday  @leafly topshelflife leaflylist medical marijuana detroitfinest detroitcannabiscity 4 
 @rambledahdoo well ima smoke my own weed and you gone smoke yours simple.
 holy smokes hannah montanas dad just performed at the @predsnhl game. and i had no idea... 
 i think im drinking so much cause i dont smoke anymore amp sex isnt a thing ... those were my stress relievers 
 i been smoking rapper weed with my gang 
 that stupid do you smoke question will forever fuck me up. how has no one figured out that we dont know what you mean
 the plural of margarita is darn good time. happy nationalmargaritaday @ blue smoke 
 need me a fly chick like this ooo weed is legal is colorado. sounds like a plan .. 
 need to go get weed
 i be smokin rapper weed wit mah gng
 fire and smoke.. ibelieveinfilm with @zoemarie   wethemark instagram thecreatorclass 
 industrial hemp clean burning  non toxic energy fuel for american cars  millions of jobs  hemp farmers research di 
 dont act like you smoke weed just to fit in  you look dumb
 credit where its due visible @dartmedia police presence at west end this morning. arrests made. fewer loiterers  panhandlers  smokers.
 @lifecreep some of my finest work and probably my favorite stupid name of weed strain made up by a dealer in my entire life
 ugh weed queen why do you do this to yourself .. you are the queen of plant things .. not the liver killer
 please retweet for smokey  
 no more weed rt @wanmafiq come on guys  be creative 
 can someone smoke w me since avas a fat bluff
 damn whens boston gonna start selling that legal weed for recreation aye said it was 2018..wait or 2017 summer. i 
 @coachhuddleston true but no team in a medicinalrecreational state is going to sign him. hes gotta stay away from the weed.
 check out how martins potatorolls makes the perfect @potatorolls for our smokey  mouthwatering pitbeef sandwiche 
 im not gonna be able to smoke from may to mid august 
 every industry is up for innovation and renovation. robotic weeding in fields. rocket launches. automotive. burgers. @vkhosla startupgrind
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 528 s bouldin st  send message.
 and people say im mean or stingy because ion share my  bitch yall not about to smoke on these big gram blunts with me  atall
 senior year i got 10 days for my hands smellin like weed 
 9th grade we smoked weed in the green house a few times but we never got caught 
 your boyfriends an alcoholic  but guccis a reefer chiefer. your girlfriends a penis eater  i swear shes a people pleaser.
 is that a weed flake on your pants nope  just a booger.
 beyond excited for ganja white night and boogie t tomorrow oh muhhh gawdddd
 no stems no seeds no smoke
 @jaketapper discussed wh weed out hate project with mike pence st. louis 3.45 minutes into clip. gave him yarmulke 
 baby if you cook and roll that weed ill be so happy witcha
 i need to smoke lol.
 all the weed mans probably lost they business today 
 i wanna smoke ls and take naps in ya lap
 man my first two months in vegas  i was oovooing people from nola  listen to q93 on satellite but that weed kept me from being home sick
 i havent smoked in forever  but the drug test i had to take today still scaring me lol
 lol nothen but the truth  they made the weed man sound like he was an assassin when hes actually a cool guy lol 
 i miss my old post man  oz  who was always hungover from drinking 2 much hennessy amp would smoke weed w us
 weed so good ion wanna past it all i smoke is killa
 they dont want drivers zoned out on anything  whether its beer  cannabis or prescription drugs. 
 its almost here  cant wait for the debut of j. renders smokehouse brunch this sunday  feb 
 i love how smoking weed is the norm
 dont mind my smoke  its jus one of my vices
 i love my life smoke a lil weed and everythings good 
 dont talk shit if u dont have a job u not in school and all u do is smoke.. foh boy.. niggas is goofy no life havin ass
 where tf the weed at in miami 
 dont want to go to a party empty... come with the eshop party pack  ready for any smoker  a 
 but not on marijuana 
 jorge my co worker gave me a brownie and when i bit into it i noticed it was a weed brownie couldnt spit it out it was to late lol
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   ashville  oh
 of course the trump administration is coming after legal marijuana  what else is maga supposed to mean
 @logicked sweet or dill and what is montreal smoked meat
 @badlin @seanspicer yawn....  smokes her marijuana
 smoking weed wont put you in jail
 im buying lay halal guys because last night she smoked me up  gave me chicken. shared her duck sauce. and offered me henny.
 had dinner downtown @qdoba on 4th street. ive smelled less marijuana at a @phish concert.
 oh p. sure its just k8s  docker  and marijuana
 yea i smoke yea i turn up but i keep my priorities in order 
 eat good smoke laugh and then talk about life  
 i love weed ooooo look its little popcorn  @mowade98
 me trying to explain how i can believe in god and smoke a blunt in the same breath  
 im gonna start using the thin pages of the bible as my new baggies to sell weed
 states rights the reason for the transgender roll back  but states cant decide for themselves on weed where the r 
 they should upgrade kaimuki field  we need a more nicer place to drink and smoke on the weekends. 
 i hate the bigoted  candy asshole  jeff sessions private prison are back  marijuana enforcement amp transgender bat 
 its coming really @potus going to  enforce federal law on marijuana by going after states who legalized it... 
 the air of the future sure does smell an awful lot like weed.
 when ur best friend shows up to ur house w weed and lucky charms 
 suck me while i smoke this blunt cause i really dont feel like having sex .
 lunch is on were featuring a smoked meat sandwich with horseradish aioli and housemade chips. 
 im just gonna go back home and smoke a backwood while listening to the smiths
 not a user although i dont owe anyone that explanation  but attempting to link marijuana use to opioid addiction is absolutely asinine.
 @yazsus lmfaoo nbs i might have to go smoke a blunt rn just to forget i seen this 
 see our latest knightstown  in job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 maybe if you stop snorting coke and smoke a lil weed ur calm the fuck down and maybe ur wife will come back home..turd
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 2831 miles ave  downspout hanging 
 wish i could get a smoke break
 first day i havent smoked in a while.
 some people will do anything to smoke  they will go without eat to smoke a blunt 
 it would appear that there is a wildfire or control burned going on near clarksville. city is covered in a smokey haze. arwx
 i hate a bitch that smoke squares
 neighbors smoking weed smelling like they grew it in a landfill. trashheapdope
 when the weed is literally fire 
 fam got smoked  
 federal cannabis crackdown could clash with californias recreational marijuana laws 
 i hope i got enough weed for this vegas trip lol
 the police wont get your money back before he smokes it up  though.
 17.1 was a smoke session @crossfitgames
 first game of michaels senior year  they beat smokey mountain 112.  michael had 4 at bats... 
 im eating smoked salmon amp a baked potato.
 rob portman may weed us out from his meetings  but when hes up for reelection  well just weed him out ofthe senate. @senrobportman
 searching the world for the best medical cannabis crops known to man.  
 the past guys would get mad at me if i wouldnt smoke or drink with them.
 amp i foot rub while i smoke 
 how do you quit weed cold turkey 
 the cannabis industry is freaking out over the white houses comments on cannabis robetalk 
 its so fucking nice out i wish i had some weed so i could roll up and head out
 we deserve a smoke break.
 our president thinks marijuana is a gateway to opiates..... 
 celebrity marijuana brands sprout  following states approval of recreational pot. 
 i always leave my weed bag 
 keep the we in weed. smoke witcha boy
 @dwillboi nba 2k17 lol and then a smoke sesh
 we smoke 6 blunts in a seash
 i never seen her smoke now she smoking w bernerrrrr
 @pardiegras @kaymo410 its like theyre all sitting in a room 40 approval how can we fix that lets take away weed
 just remembered that last night juan amp i rolled a joint using a receipt amp actually smoked it successfully  done
 most republicans oppose federal interference with marijuana legalization 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 why do i get so excited about smoking weed when i literally do it at least 5 times a day
 @presssec @cnn marijuana does not lead to opioid addiction shows you are so straight you cant speak of this  doctors lead 2 opioid addiction
 brewing it up @ the witches brew in west hempstead  ny 
 dont give me no bammer weed starts playing 
 people be so surprised when i tell em i dont smoke im like this retardedness is all natural 
 i am sick of btowns half ass weed dealers.
 i havent smoked in so long 
 @100dollarscrill know they when they come out they gone smoke awesome
 i just want someone who will smoke a blunt with and watch disney movies with me and my daughter while im blowed af eating pizza
 who tryna smoke  
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 anyone in nl got some weed
 i made it out of the house 3rd day in a row  this time to socialize with strangers at a cannabis dinner. all w cannabutter  oils  tinctures
 if you think weed should be illegal you are ignorant to science
 the correct way to smoke swishers 
 almost home cant wait to snuggle with my dogs and smoke me a few bowls before bed fishing tomorrow
 brought weed to charlotte from greensboro these niggas praising our weed lol thought yall said charlotte had the 
 @lalalakiaa i might smoke weed occasionally
 @starless941 specially after sifting weed inside your doublealbum.  or was that just me @taxpayers1234 @davidedward
 omggg yes i wish my parents would smoke with me 
 listen to ganja uh uh oh prod. by dankman by greenvibes np on soundcloud 
 big smoke sessions wit gang link in bio  steezyog  theworldneedsmoreoriginals @ h2c 707 
 @monoxide420life does your dr know that you smoke for arthritis if so  you maybe be able to get that weed card
 @weednewsat420 i angered the person who turned me onto weed  when i said  ok  now what ha i felt nothing. 
 trump planning crackdown on recreational marijuana  which doesnt do this to your face.  
 these lil niggas selling weed you aint making no profit so whats the point
 drink weed eat wine smoke pizza 
 i dont smoke but ill take a puff 
 had a guy come in and tell me a church told him he wasnt welcome because he smoked
 day 1 of cleanse.   no meat. no alcohol. no weed.
 i got madison to try a marijuana lollipop last night 
 girls that smoke are so unattractive 
 i just smoked a chicken with my car 
 boutta smoke then eat 
 its literally 3pm and me amp myah just woke up bc of how much we smoked last night hahah
 omg someone smoke wiff meee
 new song out now dj smokey x loud lord x soudiere  understanding @loudlord @youngpirelli kushcadets link 
 my weed foreign im smoken that sebsi jwinta lkeef hasheeeeesh
 deletes sad tweets bc i smoked a blunt n got over it
 i have not smoked in over a week imagine that
 did someone say redcarpet   here is one of ours at hemphills rugs amp carpets 
 ready to get off amp smoke
 everything smoked whitefish  doll cream cheese  sauerkraut. 1st course of one of the best meals ive ever had 
 i dont even smoke but that kb last night had me high asl
 nah   depending on how much they smoked 
 or weed 
 if i dont smoke it  im eat it lmfao
 im fucking crying man  my exfamous neighbor smokes and streams it 
 need weed to keep the demons inside dormant.
 who can get the pussy quicker these days still straight with weed amp the liquor these days
 smoke a little weed on my couch in the backroom hideaway
 um lol a month ago i think i dont really smoke so idk 
 about to get real smokey in my room 
 bruh i need to smoke before i start talkin to people at work
 definitely gotta wash my hair it smell just like smoke.
 @freeyourmindkid shell be relatively safe according to @aclu report war on marijuana in bampw 
 i wake up amp gotta smoke a blunt to duh face
 what do smoking weed stop i get money and smoke weed at the same time im goody 
 @tihydp spent yesterday tending the smoker and listening to the endure. great stuff. @cuckenjohnson was spot on too.
 i wanna get on a smoke track wit @richie rich westup
 if you support alcohol being legal and taxed but support the prohibition of cannabis youre a special kind of stupid
 i do not wanna smoke blunts with em.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 106114 east centre street baltimore  send me 
 i shot a .22 today  smoked blunts  went to prison city brewery and now im drunk in the car back to cuse. its not even 5 yet. sos
 can anyone tell me why there is so much smoke around robinson
 niggas be greedy for money weed amp hoes
 im re downloading ghosts and using the weed camo
 i have weed 
 newly married new paltz legal immigrant facing deportation for 13 yr old marijuana misdemeanor charge. 
 i love smoking weed.. like idk 
 put system ass kawhii on harden and hell get smoked like lma did too
 cards weed
 smelling smoke at 29th and ridge  guessing hutch fires  stay safe
 go to sleep dad so i can go smoke in the back yard
 i dont do drugs but if you were one  id smoke you every night
 1. this whole semester ive let so much shit slide. dude has the room wreaking of weed almost everyday.
 @faithgearnss yes it does i smoked a cig through my nose
 roll me some kush i dont smoke no purp
 alyssa has drugs on her tits amp shes trying real hard not to smoke them  @lyssrenee07
 my mom said it smells like weed in my room i said it prolly a skunk  im crying
 times like this i wish i could smoke cause you need to be high to deal with them bitches i had to deal with earlier
 but dont say weed 
 we gon put dat boy dj smokey on camera when we beat his ass ..its comin soon get ready deathrow
 @girlthatsshayy @lilcurt10 @1krell @morgssssss @astr0n0mical  hell yeah nbs   we need all females to come thru .. we got drinks n weed
 does not want to fuel the flames of his career. i smell smoke.
 for someone who doesnt smoke weed  i sure do listen to some stoner jams lol
 when all your friends talking about weed amp rellos so you have to find something else to do
 @secretarycarson i know whos history books youve read but  not too sure what homegrown you smoke. @hudgov is in trouble. immigrants 
 the influence weed has on ppl is so unbelievable
 tbh idc as long as youre not high 247 and dont push it on me to smoke 
 on some crackhead shit tho we found this whole blunt on the floor earlier today packed  fat asf. u know damn well we smoked it.
 it.  shot drugs behind right ear rubbed fentenayl. into his body areas and smoked crack cugarettes allat once for 3 hours.... why is it aliv
 what if the refugees are a smoke screen to get into our country i mean while were watching them they enter a different way let that sink in
 where there is smoke there is fire connecting the dots 2 obama administration spying frm their own leaking sources 
 wowwwwwwwwwww my brother had weed in his room amp ive been wanting some for the past 7 hours .. smh
 @keenofinesse after i buy it im like  this is the last time you buy weed  im serious   were stopping   
 i need somebody too bring me some smoke  i got the currency
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 319 south norris street baltimore  send messa 
 @brasilmagic 57 years old. live in virginia. dont use weed or alcohol  tobacco or other recreational drugs.
 hemp  announces farming hemp for profitstm  1st educational symposium of the hemp uni...  via @yahoofinance
 i get weak when somebody tells me they got gas. i dont even smoke bruh
 lord im sitting in front my manager with weed socks on. 
 happy bday to my right hand man @killacos69 we have come a long way my g  much love to u and im gonna smoke one fo 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 815 stoll st  send message. 
 we are lobbying to legalize cocaine and weed in my public administration class class
 guy on scooter you ladies could be models guy on bike i got some weed too i guess thats miami for ya 
 when a random mexican just walks into your backyard and starts weed whacking...you know youre in az
 imma thug nigga ion smoke hookah
 this guy just told us that his dog is selling weed...
 i cant even remember the last time i actually went out with all my friends drinking  now i just be wanting to chill amp smoke 
 smokehouse please and thanks @ the bull amp barrel smokehouse grill 
 i just wanna smoke and have an intellectual talk about school  aliens  chakras  and hood codes.
 as stephen a. smith says stay off  the weed 
 why do females even smoke if youre not gonna inhale when you hit the blunt. like stop you look dumbbbb
 about to go to the beach to smoke a couple joints and blunts 
 got all this weed and no one to smoke it with
 ok justin bieber has received the most attention and wiz khalifa like smoking weed the most
 im so frustrated i just need to smoke amp probs something else 
 nail pipe with large bowls for you serious cannabis enthusiast rollupdabup bombheadshop weed 
 i smoke  i drink......
 the chemistry of cannabis is complex. many studies have suggested that it is the presence of 
 @johnsheikhi imagin going to summerlake to smoke and seeing this at night 
  finna smoke a blunt 
 lots of smoke around this 49erskirk cousins thing. id be happy to get him. wouldnt trade 2 straight up though.
 i dont smoke weed to be cool i smoke because im always tense and my mind  is always racing amp weed helps me relax and helps my mind rest 
 i mean there is just something about southern food  its fried better  its smoked better  its 
 bouta smoke the rest of my bud amp startva cleanse 
 swear she was gonna say i smell like weed lol
 when she bring weed but got no rellos 
 if you gotta post about being a plug and shit on social media im just gonna assume you got that trash ass weed or youre just dumb
 needs a weed wackier 
 she let me hide my weed in her titties
 heard someone say my kid is growing like a weed weird analogy considering you get rid of weeds.
 @ryannguyenin weedgod
 lil smoke sesh
 my 45 yo neighbor just smoked me out and said i dont smoke a lot  just everyday lmao
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 6800 block of sw 26th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000019227 2316 pdx911
 people be trying to influence me into smoking marijuana with them nope 
 tattooparlours amp smoke filled karaoke honkeytonks in weatherford texas  backalley 
 come smoke w me
 update i get medical weed deliever to me legally and its kill  
 erica smoking weed and still making as and bs  daddy
 yeah pussy nigga you thought but aye parking lot smokey said whats good around 5  
 so i guess cowboys need to sign big dbs and great pass rushers who dont smoke pot
 just enjoy life is good  smoking a memorable smoke by @epcarrillo priceless  
 @timkaine @seanhannity just like his dads politician career a smoke screen.  talks big but has done nothing. 
 i need a girl to roll the blunt to smoke with me i need a girl to make all this shit easy
 rev  acai bowl. acai  blueberry  banana  cashew milk  topped with strawberries  pineapple  hemp 
 setting some rules for this house and smoking because i do not wanna breathe in cig smoke while im trying to quit it defeats the purpose
 university of colorado pretty neat fun fact did u know you could purchase retail cannabis if your 21 amp above  amp its could be a dui lol
 follow the trail.  this is real. its russia. the rest is a smokescreendiversion.  sadly  its rooted in wisconsi 
 @chillymostfresh @kcebert you dont know my wife. she goes out and pulls weeds every day. shes the weed terminator 
 @urbancsik23 uhhh im pretty sure wed clear cap if were gonna sign someone like we always do. plus its all smoke and mirrors. leverage
 why everybody think i smoke or drink i never had a drop touch my tounge or inhaled a blunt in my life...
 someone come get this dumbass female. there are 0 reported cases of a person dying from marijuana and alcohol kills 
 smooth almost got smoked by a taxi summer 2014 tbh
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 313 furrow st  hazardous material 
 when someone says people who smoke weed arent smart 
 all i ever do is smoke alone match a fuckin blunt 
 this is my dad fred  and he is awesome. doesnt smoke  doesnt vape  but he always supports 
 the hallway outside of my apartment always smells like weed and dog crap 1shittyross
 jonathans parents make me feel like i need a cigarette and i dont even smoke 
 i cant smoke backwoods everyday... shit be having my stomach fucked up 
 roswell nm wed mar 8th pm forecast tonight smoke lo 45 thursday smoke hi 85
 every fire truck  undercover police  and cop car are speeding towards the pillar of smoke west of foco.
 come see me..... @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 chrismiss  @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  clearwater  fl 
 found i smell like weed and tears in my drafts. what.
 or smoke a blunt 
 @drunkbrianf im just one of smokeys creations is represented somewhere. one of his cars is at ims at the very least. truly a great
 my brother bribes me by buying me food and letting me smoke with him 
 no. because i explained asthma  croupamp2nd hand smoke2u in a conversational informative way my husband is probs gonna abuse me later4speaking
 well they fucking with my new songs in the weed store 
 i aint smoked or had sex in a week thats why i just be in my room chilling or sleep. im low key depressed. 
 awe jeez theres cat hair in the weed.
 @ayefatjay son i smell straight weed from behind you hahaha
 i think its time to weed out the bad seeds
 myia gone cuss me out if i wake her up to smoke 
 i dont understand why the word weed gets censored on the radio but the song cocaine by zz top gets played like 6 times a day
 getting head rolling up my weed yeaaah
 i dont smoke crack
 i could be doped up on weed  xan  and every other downer and tomi lahren would still make me so fucking mad
 nothing good weed wont fix.   nothing
 @mikeshepherdme @bangordailynews i got invited as a candidate to do a marijuana tour but didnt make it  what a silly law. mepolitics
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 2018 mchenry street baltimore  bu 
 as a reminder  when you move your clocks ahead on sunday  you should also replace the batteries in all of your smoke and co detectors
 i wanna cuddle and smoke buddy in one 
 why people vape pussy to smoke tf
 smoked food products amplify cancerrelated dangers  with smoked salmon being the worst of all tested smoked foods ns1034
 @trishamurphy20 while i smoke and eat salsa in my bathroom 
 if you try telling me weed is a gateway drug i will civilly tell you how its not.
 funny that 3 years ago johns mom told me to stop smoking and i did for quite a while  but then today she found out i smoke again 
