 @helenaironline the court also found drying begins when the bud is cut from the stalk of the marijuana plant. the court is blowing smoke
 it makes me so sad when people who smoke are closed minded
 ive never smoked a cigarette  i think they are disgusting 
 like look  she even would smoke me out and hold the blunt to my mouth while she did my lashes lol 
 you know i smoke when i drink  its tradition
 i love dabs so much but sometimes ya girl just wanna smoke a jay on my porch w my dog
 @whattheffacts i was gonna say something silly like  his first word was dude. america needs legal marijuana for medicine textiles amp for fun.
 trafficking it across state lines make it federal ion think im willing to go to the feds over weed trafficking 
 i dont do drugs i smoke weed 
 time to start binge watching weeds again
 @stheresal feeling like youre on your way to becoming a cigarette smoker
 attorney general select jeff sessions called the naacp unamerican and said the kkk were okay until he learned they smoked marijuana.
 how pathetic and low do you have to be to try and give my girlfriend weed and ask her to fuck you in return
 sometimes when i smoke my mouth be getting drier than  in that episode that patrick amp spongebob were under the bait shop lamp 
 people still smoke hookah  
 why would anyone willingly smoke a camel crush
 lol weed 
 a little @cartonbrewing idipa to compliment this smoked beef roast on the @biggreenegg 
 well i was gonna go outside on my break for a smoke sesh  but it looks like its about to drop buckets of rain
 i havent smoked in two days so that could be the reason
 sure ill take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 psychedelics arent addictive drugs  thats all i gotta say lmao and marijuana is considered a psychoactive drug too so
 you know its been a long ass day at work when you gotta take a smoke break and sit outside lmao finnaquit  
 nice ass day today cleaned a hide  made some shtuff  now i just want to smoke but no aaron you do good 
 @melodyann227 i havent smoked today yet. if this happened say  20 minutes from now  probably wouldve gotten me.
 a whole lotta smoke blowing in the segment inners
 i cant wait till its warm outside to smoke a fat blunt in front of my crib 
 i forgot i have unlimited hot spot lmao i dont need wifi to do work on my laptop. oh shit we live. let me smoke a bowl real quick.
 someone bring me taco bell   ill smoke you up 
 you ever smoked a blunt so furiously your eyes burn lol
 smoking this bleek make me miss when i use to smoke on the block in the cold 
 i need to smoke gz
 @straleyraymond @mikepwilliams @realdonaldtrump theres no way you smoke pot most pot smokers are deep thinkers
 we just some smart kids that smoke weed...
 oh yes i luv her like pussy money weed
 these girls swear they smoke but be trippin off dabs lmao
 i smoked a box of blunts for breakfasts and i woke up like hugh hefner 
 can my aunt just fucking leave so i can go smoke in my car in piece
 i done smoked with the best of them  shot at the rest of em
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you light up   play this 
 lol or i guess it was probably the weed.
 i think i miss weed but im not sure
 i love that my teacher gives us breaks but i hate that half the students use it to go smoke and then the classroom stinks afterwards.
 i found a girl in a jesus sweater she kept giving me weed and molly. she had a camelback full of whiskey.
 @loveuriah i cant smoke right now. thats why i tweeted that 
 march 13th david knights 1000th tapping wicked weed freak of nature
 if my weed man told me to wait until after he ate before he would come serve me......  moe
 niggas really dont want no smoke tbh... it aint shit to find out wya i promise
 let me smoke my weed
 forget it im just going to smoke this blunt
 i wonder if otis redding smoked a whole pack of cigarettes right before recording each of his songs
 all these drug dealers but everyone stalls when i need weed 
 @furkidmom  for many years da frogs were usually making a ton of noise by now and weeds grown in. not this year. cold still
 jayme just asked me how i was gonna smoke on the expressway when were going so fast what
 a friend with weed is a friend indeed 
 driving around smoken that loud amp mobbin oracle with the boys
 still awake amp once again had i smoked an l  would be sound asleep.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 im probably gone smoke the whole 1.7
 i be heavy weeded.
 see our latest lafayette  in job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 i like to smoke marijuana  it gives me a deep meditationnn.
 were hiring click to apply class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes available   job
 @otisrtaylorjr @sfchronicle do you see the irony in this paragraph hahaha smoke break 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1544 kingsway road baltimore  send message. 
 drinking weed video out now shot by @highdeasprod tukitoker link in bio  coming soon @ 
 all i want for my birthday is weed and raw papers. if anyone is askin.
 @loristella75 @brianbonafitz @zentients tumble weeds lol
 hell  its even being done while legalizing weed rt @joiedevar its like a microcosm of america. 
 someone to smoke and have breakfast with every morning would be pretty nice
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 34623480 wilkens avenue baltimore  
 just met a homeless man in the casino who sells crushed up kale chips to people and says its weed. legend
 holy smokes zack gahagan smoked that ball 3 run hr diamondheels 41
 i used to light pretzel sticks on fire and smoke them anna
 a thing of great beauty muon global tracker is ready for the smoke test. sdr iot nearspace dankexabi packmas 
 if you need some weed hit me  mobile
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4022 belwood avenue baltimore  send message.
 i need to smoke 
 when the ganja tastes like chewing gum 
 dont be naughty and smoke in our potty flight attendant southwest airlines
 today last day to submit comments for medical marijuana retail app @ 138epender in chinatownyvr 
 speaking spanish to my mom mom i dont understand what your saying me donde esta la mota mom no i dont have any weed miguel
 hanging just to smoke boy you lame as a bitch
 the only running i do is when i run out of weed.  @802harrington
 why id for pom poms you and i both know i am not about to smoke these
 drinking an exorcism at sunset by @clownshoesbeer @ sublime smoke   photo
 change your clock  change the battery in your smoke alarm and carbon monoxide detectors tn sfmo 
 making weed brownies tonight
  @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  concord 
 this why ion smoke w females lol 
 @trapgrampa if you cant stop smoking  weed buy this guy a pound  and dont pinch it see what happens
 you get home  you smoke a bowl and you relax my mother everybody
 livepd open container  weed  baby... 
 the one time my parents want to smoke with us and no one has bud near us 
 feels so good to smell houston weed
 come smoke.
 wooo its soooooooo damn cheesyyyyyyyyy swiss  gruyere  gouda and smoked applewood bacon  
 wanna buck amp smoke in my room soooo bad man the garage b cold amp i b scared in dat bitch by myself 
 @stilldontchasem just to get weed blown on em and drinks spilled
 thats not marijuana  i dont believe in it.
 im gonna be ok but i could use a hug and some weed 
 if i smoke more weed my skin is going to turn green
 my gf is so extra  she hung a happy birthday banner from the ceiling on the smoke detector lmao  
 second dominoes delivery guy smoked out lol
 i smoke myself  i smoke myself... smoke myself to sleep
 america first time to get rid of useless senators this is just the tip of the spear plenty more. weed them out 
 i dont know about you  but im still dreaming about the smoked scrapple  egg and cheese its brunch o clock tr19 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 honestly i think he was just mad that she smoked all his weed and wasnt awake when he came back for more sex
 @smerconish @potus @vp @whitehouse @wolfblitzer @ananavarro pres sly like fox. fake war on media smoke screen issues  free v 247 no inctax
 @hyenastuff @mombot  with all the foam amp muck a smoke cloud with a bit of substance adds up. i was thinking octopus but that can work.
 satisfaction in the form of smoke 
 i need some1 to smoke me up asap pls
 the smoke stacks first seen at the mls playoffs game vs toronto are now a permanent feature and will be used during goal celebrations.nycfc
 kinda disappoints me how it has become socially acceptable to drink and smoke at such a young age.
 dont want no negativity in the air just gas smoke in the air
 i am a stud. i smoke my stogie anywhere i want. w2 @schwarzenegger
 i come outside to smoke a bowl and here comes my mom running out omg u read my mind 
 tryna smoke today 
 i was smoked out in miami... 
 spend 420 on weed st. i guess 
 too much weed. if anyone is looking for a root cause of the current dutchturkish crisis. no rationalist explanation would cut it.
 i know moms said its over for smoking in the crib but im too paranoid to smoke in the whip amp its brick city so she just gon have to deal
 i just wanna smoke some fucking weed
 only miss violet could have me out freezing my fingers off having a smoke. @ rocky creek farm 
 my house smells like weed
 its been a slice  smokenspice. good way to spend two and a half 
 i smoke a lot of weed and this shit is all so much better
 once i smoke everything turns a1
 about to wake jonah up just so i have someone to smoke with.
 long car rides  no weed upset isaiah
 my smoke detector is dying so it keeps beeping but honestly im too lazy to get up to take the battery out lol
 time to spring forward as you change your clocks  save a life amp remember to change your smoke alarm batteries 
 im not slut shaming  i just rly need to know. boys give me so much anxiety unless i have like a lot of alcohol weed and alcohol in me.
 the establishment is working as hard as it can to talk down president trump. use some common sense and see through the smoke and mirrors.
  well if your going to use data prior to legalization then your ignoring that cartel weed is grown in the most unsafe
 i was just drinking amp smoked whatever was offered to me and spent more money than i wanted 
 how polite of my parents to smoke in the car w the windows cracked while im in the back seat freezing amp breathing in secondhand smoke 
 niggas be selling blood for weed amp shit 
 i want some god damn weed man.
 hey little hippy let your freak flag fly  why dont you go smoke a bowl in your best tiedye.
 i aint smoke all day 
 dont forget to change your smoke detector batteries
 with cannabis plants i freestyle better than canibus planned it camo and tan shit standin in stan smiths when did i land on this planet 
 my cat likes weed  i just caught him chewing on a stem 
 where can i obtain medical cannabis a maryland patient can only obtain legal medical cannabis from marylandlicensed dispensaries. richmond
 @jodieemery @citizenwr @craigsmye slavery laws violated the constitution. cannabis laws violate the constitution  not a false equivalency.
 @howiecarrshow pooke ha ness y  smoken pipe to much   y smoke signals are nothing but hot air
 remember when b.o.b was jus a dude in an airplane talkin bout wishes now he think the earth flat i need whatever he smoked on all them yrs
 i include buying weed into my bills lmfaoo
 later today i then confirm that one of our managers come to work high everyday and grows his own weed lmao
 and if i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you
 when u get to smoke all your work becus ya bf coming home amp he aint he let u trap so u work your regular job 
 these kids today messing with drugs are wild. i used to just smoke them candy cigs 
 ion wanna eat i wanna smoke amp fucc you
 @jkmdnc brought the heat and the traffic on whitford rd this morning to smoke the pax as we celebrated merkinmarch @f3durham devilsridge
 ive been to the fergusonmarket  folks sell marijuana in the parking lot. thats not news. i wish they would legalize it in mo.
 lirr west hempstead br suspended both ways vehicle on tracks struck by train near westwood station. alternate hempstead or far rockaway
 as of today i dont eat pork and i dont smoke weed
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 smoke so much weed .. i workout and my sweat smells like weed 
 @psiloveyouu probably like 1230 ish just we bout to smoke before we go
 i got a piss test on the 22nd but i wanna smoke all week 
 mom update in addition to being a paranormal investigator  she is now discussing how if the state legalizes weed she wants to run a farm
 after a santaromita walk and russell hit  buser gets up and smokes one to left to tie the game at 1. 
 selling 2 vip tickets to smokers club  100 each hmu 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1619 edmondson avenue baltimore  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1838 west lanvale street baltimore  
 dis is smoke a lot of weed  horror movies and cuddle type of weather
 i smoke with women but i hate to see women smoke lol smh
 someone drop me off a dime or come smoke with me 
 i smoked some in da club that will leave him wit close eyes geeked
 regrann from @jazzungang    @rocmarci no smoke ft @pirateknowledge amp @e2wink13 prod by 
 @jewishjen smoked a bowl on commercial break lets gooooo
 i smoke so much by myself i get tired of it 
 so many young people smoking outside @seattlecentral at lunchtime today. smoking is disgusting and unhealthy who smokes these days
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 my birthday is tomorrow and all i wanna do is paint and smoke weed and get wine drunk in a field with all my friends
 trynna smoke summ
 me and lauren lets cut back on smoking weed us 2 secs later 
 @doctordub20 havent been to umfsu since 10...first time taking my now wife down there. too bad we got smoked
 @cnn smoke the real stuff kids
 so glad im about to smoke this headache away 
 you never see niggas in nut houses cause black people smoke weed 
 if i go out every weekend and drink or smoke thats my bad and at the end of the day ima pay the consequences 
 @timmacgabhann smoke betrayal every day.
 freeze smoke rings and they hail. sleet snow grind for the wealth.
 my mom swears i smoke rollers .. like what is that  let me get a dollar what you need it for a roller 
 ran off with the weed with @itsslonzo 
 buying weed shouldve been your last concern... 
 im trying smoke fuck that
 so the question now remains  whos tryna smoke a blunnntttt
 im bad ...you garbage man you wrap rap trash...who you gon blast nigga who you smoked last nigga ...
 anyone else think that native american reservations should have been the first to have legal weed
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 39 i90  state fair i690 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 imma start my break from weed soon
 weve confirmed from these grass clippings that marijuana is bad for you 
 analysis | government marijuana looks nothing like the real stuff. see for yourself.  @zhangmona
 me and the homeboy smoked out his room and his mom came home for lunch.. but she aint even trip she asked if we were hungry.  fucking
 this lunch break turned into how many cigarettes can i smoke in an hour
 i should have just smoked the damn brisket. snowmadeggon2017
 i went to go look in the mirror to see if i smelled like weed  
 have togo and carve the turkey. i made turkey. in the oven. wanted to smoke it. but im boring. so i cooked it. in the           o v e n
 fuck with me amp get smoked  or fuck with me amp smoke too
 @deptofdefense new york department of homeless services dhs police allows weed k2 and other stuff in but they wont let me n with hot coffee
 imma smoke weed cause thats whats niggers do i aint going change for nobody 
 you smoke cigarettes and drinks coors lights while tanning at orchard beach 
 not a fan of girls who smoke weed low key
 i did not kno smokepurpp was dis live
 yall dont even smoke crack
 drugmovies @midnight          a weed of their own 
 these tax returns are a smoke screen. like when teresa tried to blame jacqueline for melissas set up.
 im trying smoke something 
 drugmovies smokey and the bandaid
 @jason @trengriffin the bbq joint  smoked  bowl amp brisket  pot belly pork being the primary focus of that one
 i smoked so much the ashes startin to burn on me 
 missing out on a session bc i cant smoke bongs right now 
 i really wanna go smoke and go get some pancakes.
 the empire smokes crack drugmovies @midnight
 man i just wanna be famous and rich. smoke  workout  have some orgies and create  im tired of working. im tired o 
 the only way i can go to work happy is if i smoke in the morning.
 yall smoking dick if you think im gone smoke that bullshit 
 these niggas shoveling.....yall want me to help sike im finna smoke
 how you niggas smoke everyday without a job
 i really should sell weed.. im just apprehensive about having to be so social all the time
 its been a full week since ive smoked 
 im in yak someone come get coffee with me and smoke somnn
 if you see me smelling my fingers after lunch  its because i had barbecue and the smell of wood smoke on them is just too irresistible.
 order our juicy smoked jerk chicken and rice amp peas with our friends ubereats jerkchicken @ the 
 cleaning out your car and finding weed gtgtgtgtgtgt
 i dunno.  never fucked with junk. but weed helps my dilapidating migraines and made my pops comfortable in his last 
 introducing the cityscape indigo linen napkins. made with super soft hemporganic cotton fabric 
 drink this cannabis cocktail instead of beer on st. patricks day  via @liquor.com
 went to the hood store amp my plug came up to the trucc tryna sell me weed.. in front of my mom 
 i bet @realdonaldtrump released them as smoke and mirror game.  pretend to be mad but he actually did it.  see his 
 dr. rachel knox testifies for medical marijuana before neleg judiciary committee. you can watch on 
 i officially hit 4k on ig holy smokes  mama i made it. lol.
 i dont smoke  but this box is magnificent. cohiba 
 @channel2kwgn hes coming after the weed business  especially since its mostly in blue states. bastard.
 you smoke all that weed but you broke  shit dont add up at all
 its pathetic when ppl plead to me like i dont care first of all and ur taking this matter out of hand shut up n go smoke
 back for dinner. couldnt get the smoked baloney off my mind. @ bradys @backyard bbq in safety harbor  fl 
 finally off work headed home to shower and smoke a lil 
 clutch ass weed man  
 do yall think its ok to smoke weed while pregnant
 i wish i can lived in those fantasy lands where parents let their kids smoke in the house and let their bfgf sleep over
 today taught me.....too always keep me a 2nd weed man in mind 
 i was so stoned earlier today lol as i was having a smoke i started  really thinking about how many ppl just toss and throw their cigarette
 bitches who talk down on weed the same ones who pop oxy before they kids youth soccer games 
 no response then ill smoke alone
 i wonder how kentucky weed is
 i wanna smoke a stoge and talk about how stupid life is w someone
 @cnnbrk beyond the smoke and mirrors this is the best method the building and ensuring overcharging buy insurance companies.
 what did he smoke before this 
 she asked me can u sign some tshirts bitch  is u smokin reefer
 now that would be a wish come true to smoke and chill with these legends 
 jeff sessions marijuana is only slightly less awful than heroin 
 vet with ptsd who protested in trenton  philly buys first ounce of legal weed 
 accident. two lanes blocked in woodbridge on old brg rd eb between minnieville rd and occoquan rd  jammed back to smoketown rd dctraffic
 when u open the water from last night and it smells like weed
 youre retarded you smoke how are you not autistic
 im month in weed free definitely got pros and cons
 she fuckin smoked the vocals on this song  @ canarsie  brooklyn 
 if you dont start smoking weed and wearing newbalances i cant even look at you.
 @siranthony9 @knapp smoke him with my glock
 see our latest forrestcity  ar job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy  
 legal cannabis sales threaten liquor industry  via @liquor.com
 @mcfw can see the smoke from my office window 
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang
 i really need to quit getting high and hiding my weed... theres not even anyone to hide it from
 almost everyone i know is in a relationship im here like wheres the weed at.
 yall keep saying weed dont get yall high likeeee stop buying the same bs strain from your boringass 
 bruh bouta die and all dude can say is he need some weed  
 i hate when ppl half roll blunts   eating weed and shit 
 i wanna smoke amp get a portillos chocolate cake 
 @julialeighfoxx @alexxxxfox smokey is gonna fuck u up one day for always talking about his weight
 people who would rather smoke and sell weed for a living than applying for an actual job disgust me.
 yum bbq. @ the proper pig smokehouse  @properpigbbq in lakewood  oh 
 got in to lakewood co around 530 am and now are passing out w all out colorado dispensary weed amp awesome lil adventure dog 
 my boy @jccaylen just smoke 3 blunts at once. goat  
 just heard the most racist things  smelt a lot of weed  and saw a bunch of weirdos all in 1 hour
 if i smoke im gonna be sleep for the rest of the night smh
 time to go home smoke the pack and watch shameless
 i just wanna smoke a blunt rn
 a little sweet but solid balance with hop bitterness. crisp.  drinking a wolf among weeds @ boccellas deli  
 i smoke i drank
 the british are coming  to a dive bar near you @ mables smokehouse 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 12801298 bernard drive baltimore  
 car smells like straight ganja
 wotttt i live like 2 minutes away i dont see any smoke  
 its probably just me but all i keep smelling is weed 
 hungry smoke a backwoods
 stitchez smokes n talks music  
 @boomer4568 i can get down with ash weedsday. 
 peter piper picked the stems out of the weed
 its cool if you dont smoke weed but dont think less of me for doing so. hahah wth
 @marianoaavila @danielsing3r it took me a couple tries to get into it...amp then i smoked and tried again amp it was amazing.
 bitch if you wanna smoke meth and starve then do it. dont be a cunt when someone goes out of their way to show concern. good fuckin riddance
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 39 i90  state fair i690
 im just ready to smoke on the beach 
 drug busts underway in denver metro area are aimed at growers shipping weed out of state  via @denverpost
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 400 block of se grand ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000021684 0218 pdx911
 raleigh fd investigation will likely start around noon  smoke from fire expected for next day @abc11wtvd
 reign yeah i brought in those rice crispy treats and no they dont have marijuana in them 
 still less smoke in raleigh than greenville 
 happy st pattys day yall  dont forget to smoke some green yadadamean
 @topedasmoke @ant2424 @mikeconnelly3 @olistw @frankhorvath lmao nah thats you boa  looking like a tumble weed
 i wanna get up and go smoke a cigarette but im too lazy 
 nate dogg heyeyeyey   me smoke weed everyday 
 im in the bank smelling like marijuana they be like damn whats that loud aroma 
 pairing of the week oz grenache amp smoked meat.  
 recreational marijuana to carry on in nevada  say sandoval and lawmakers  despite federal threat 
 how unawesome would it be if the world was killed by weed spray
 saint patricks day or marijuana day 
 no weed  no appetite
 @uspshelp are your employees allowed to smoke in usps vehicles
 fuck ya washington i love our weed and oils
 had one and a half weeds
 were hiring click to apply smokehouse machine operator   manufacturing everett  wa job jobs careerarc
 @realdonaldtrump merkel may have seemed daft  i believe it is a drug sharia law favorite is marijuana 2help their captives to lie@ resist
 lmao thats not weed 
 obama smoked weed growing up  and now look where he is today.  unemployed with two kids and recently evicted.
 closed due to accident in franklin on dempsey rd both ebwb between s hempstead rd and winfree traffic 
 orange flower weed arrangements by rubyzlee  lasallecorral @ south los angeles  california 
 @jarema69 everybody ages differently. my mom had a stressful life with a horrible father and then we lived a tough life. she smokes badly.
 people who smoke in crowds are the actual worst
 its tough for me to socialize when i hate alcohol ...tolerate my weed il tolerate your drinking
 @joenbc @brianklaas you must know trump is fixing to smoke your boots...
 they just made it sound like @joeylogano smokes his visor. nascar.
 fuck dem niggas  dress cute  smoke weed.
 im trying to smoke wheres the plug
 we turn a smoke sesh into a prayer circle 
 watching an oldie but goodie  smokey amp the bandit 1977 
 who tryna be a dd tonight  ill smoke you out
  i know breaks your  that i only smoke papers  i dont smoke gars babe @wizkhalifa khalifa man got bars.
 watching black mirror with friends  damn... do u think banksy smokes weed
 someone smoke a blunt with meeee
 @ledzepization nah get tix to smokers club
 i need some love and weed rite now
 niggas be so thirsty inboxing me this early in the morning  if you aint delivering no weed dont inbox me at this time tf 
 didnt smoke a cigarette today didnt even want one what a weird thing
 bitch could kill my vibe ... i was on percs and weed and drank ... she tried to look in my eyes ... but i had them diors she cant...
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked  yeah you think i need you but i dont
 at least we found ppl with weed lmao
 northway toyota selling cars today despite loss of showroom. water and smoke damage throughout building. 
 sumbody smoke sum
 old man sam is a life saver. told me i can sneak out the back door to the portapotty to smoke inside it hahahaha
 i am so glad that i dont smoke it smells so bad in being next to somebody smoking makes me want to throw up
 dawg.... i gotta drive 20 minutes to get weed in a different town......
 do u smoke weed 
 @sminobrown hadddd backwoods to smoke with you then they evacuated everyone  and i lost you  
 wish i could smoke rn but no gars 
 mailcall box spit with mrgold88cigars thanks again playa and a few other good smokes 
 border patrol probably not a good idea to smoke right before you cross the border us 
 full of smoke 
 i think im a little too excited about beach day at work  oh  @ woodshed smokehouse 
 i guess now libs cant see cuz @potus smoke her hand after press conference amp really @meerkal has all but destroyed 
 im ready to smoke a blunt and listen to more life
 @supabwe u dam near gotta smoke 81 joints now for balance
 high hemp organic wraps @weedpatchcc eastsidesfinest collective 
 drinking a bamberg smoked lager by @royalcitybrew at @sfreeman1   photo
 tonight well just get some weed  some booze  some movies  maybe porn  and well just get fucked up
 im just tryna smoke a l amp have a good ass conversation
 morelife free smoke was so hard 
 wanna smoke all my problems away .
 hey @target you should change the picture on your cartwheel for these smoke detector. its wrong. or your dpci is w 
 free smoke surprised tf out of me
 and im about to smoke like a damn freight train at this hookah bar. bye.
 just wanna lay up  smoke an l  and watch some movies.
 the way this one woman is laughing in here  i think i could make a reasonable guess how many packs of cigarettes a day she smokes.
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 leaving my parents house and theyre just casually like please take all ur weed and drugs with u 
 when u just tryna smoke and u keep inhaling thru the carb 
 @notarrowthomas i hate the beach unless cliffs are involved you can never smoke  the sand get in my hair and too many white people haha
 during my first semester of college  this guy in my math class came in drunk  pulled out a cigarette and asked can i smoke in here
 lmao my weed delivery dude said i look like the nigga from twilight. neverheardthatbefore
 @extendedstay if i wasnt so tired i would leave  whole hotel smells like weed. unacceptable.
 karina your jacket smells like pot karina it smells like pot  did you smoke in the bathroom
 free smoke
 nesha done smoked gabrielle spider looking ass tf out.
 just got stopped by an op  had a ounce of weed and cocaine and he didnt find a thanggggg
 whos up lol lets smoke
 forreal if you know a joeylo ..he makes music too ..i forgot my weed in his bomber
 when my roommate is grinding up his weed in the room 
 listen to ziggy recado  ganja medley by celebrationsound np on soundcloud 
 niggas never really wanted no smoke
 @magsdillags he can totally do it i had a few cheat cigarettes in between  but ive officially been smokefree for a year amp 4 months
 @kimmorlino dad said we were on a budget since mom is off work so we stayed at a motel 6. its actually nice except for the weed lol
 im just tryna smoke and chill
 bout to really go on solo solo smoke ride amp listen to morelife 
 @jenkeesmaat if you want to see where smart decline is working check out northern japan  about planning for realities  not chasing smoke
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 14001498 shields place baltimore  
 lyrics i dont understand  lil wayne ft mack maine try me remix  my weed funky like armpits and assholes
 drake outgrew the college smokers...dude is tryna get these tracks on at every club in the world. could careless about the kickbck
 i done seen niggas tryn serve and i got sooooo weak like fool da huff b ridiculous i askem would u smoke dis
 wagayas treasure box sushi with a smoke dome. pretty incredible @ wagaya japanese restaurant 
 norm smoked all my weed. never felt so betrayed
 we drink  we smoke   we look for the highs to balance the lows
 someone just said they found her in the dog house...she was smoking that wacky weed. ...scuse me  what 
 i know people that smoke more than they eat  like wtf
 whats sunday without brunchsmoked salmon w egg flatbread is  . . . atlantic smoked salmon 
 is this hiatus on free smoke
 he said i used to smoke everything
 brekkie roll baddies.caf  cumbraes dbl smoked bacon  sunny egg  chimmichurri   tomato relish  
 @djtk nigga i thought you have the weed lol i was going to smoke the emergency weed
 i smoke everyday thats that dedication
 ready to smoke some zomboes disrespectyoursurrondings 4floors 
 smoking i dont mind because i smoke too amp drinking i hate because he has prior problems with his liver which scare 
 johnny hockey holy smokes. 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 we got finessed out our weed wow
 forgot how peaceful solo smoke sessions can be
 i smoke a lot cause ion like ta think about shit
 free smokeee 
 drake spazzed on free smoke
 free smoke  free smoke 
 @kcslater  performing live march 24th up in smoke 222 s. broad st. kcslater soapbox 
 im finally on springbreak yuuuss.  who wanna hang as in smoke or hike lmao
 funny how this bitch used to hit me up to smoke blunts now she hitting up my man. sneaky snake ass hoe im deadass geekin
 we just wanna smoke and hang with the fine niggas
 crazy ass people at my work smokin on some synthetic weed from the smoke shop smh lo
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 drake murdered free smoke tbh
 we just got to the seamstress and kendyls dress smells like weed 
 @cnn anybody checked 2c if there was unusually large  communications between ip address assoc wtrump amprussia wheres there smoke theres
 free smoke 
 the weed in texas is on another level.
 the bus was so packed the wheels started to smoke.
 this is the most weed unfriendly town in the universe
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 240 s collington ave  
 you smoke reggie 
 everytime 12 ask i smoke them mfs 
 chain smoker 
 deposits always come first fuck that weed
 left the office yelling  free smoke free smoke morelife
 my mom just asked me to smoke with her 
 i want to smoke a joint amp watch family feud
 pure bliss. still one of the best heavy char  barrel aged stouts. ge... paradox smokehead  photo
 drake bit @johnibe flow from the song envy on free smoke. stay woke
 i smoked a blunt w at least one of my mangers at every job i worked
 what smokey the snake charmer maybe we can gather a committee to help solve this  who needs a secondment 
 cammron mclaughlin making the 2 smoker sing @protaperusa  @evssports @spyopticseye @ridedunlop  @pitposse 
 free smoke free smoke
 shes lying for twitter likes because i called her to smoke 
 netflix need the friday wit smokey on it 
 my mom just asking me all these questions about weed  is she trying to set me up or she is finally becoming lit af lmao
 how big man like you could be on da park everyday  know you gern beg for smokes and gat the audacity to never have lighter 
 maaaaaan. my city really got the most weakest weedmans damn yall agg bro  niggas dont want the money
 the tracks of my tears x smokey robinson amp the miracles 
 im just trying to smoke my joint....
 i wanna smoke again  this would be like my 6th blunt of the day smh
 honestly i log off tumblr bc i seen some bitches w soccer balls in they ass only 2 get on here amp see some bitch smoke a cig out her pussy
 @bonniexclydedj i went to my car to smoke a bowl before bed then wanted went on shuffle and ive been raving in my 
 free smoke   free smoke   eyyy
 niggas dont want smoke niggas dont want blunt
 accident in easthempfieldtownship on hempland rd both ebwb at centerville rd traffic 
 use to have to take levemir for my bipolar but later learned that marijuana was much better.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3410 east lombard street baltimore  
 never sell weed cuz i smoke too much
 @evashadowgirl18 a gov regulation to protect the clients by weeding out undesirables from the volunteers  wed already been well screened
 my fav song and that free smoke the rest is crap lol@ 
 all of the test subjects drank a case of guinness amp smoked 2 packs of pall malls every day. 
 all i care about is money and the city that im from  ima sip until i feel it ima smoke until its done
 daily im in love with ganja white night tweet
  more smokemirrors. yet  its unacceptable @karenhunter @cousinsyl @onetruechange blacktwitter @rolandsmartin
 @prat3t @josinaanderson a smokescreen to brush the als news under the rug. nfl wants to distance themselves from als  cte amp things like that
 .@senatorsessions .@potus  no one has ever died from cannabis but cannabis prohibition has killed many this insan 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation ashville  oh
 free smoke free smoke
 listen to drum and bass off the weed  @djinfo by gerardo velasquez np on soundcloud  drumandbass  hiphop
 i just wanna smoke 
 @rspavek i want a cannabis market to fight herion  15 wage by 2020 or at least 2022  health website that works..
 us farmers spend more than 11byr to fight weeds which compete w crops 4 lightwaternutrients nationalagday agday @repdavidrouzer
 i wonder whos gonna be the first person to smoke in outer space
 come and smoke with us and enjoy this new show on netflix iron fists by marvel 
 @goldyflexx you tell me . you the one who smoke cigs
 so tired of wildfires smoke filled air once again in morganton. ncwx ncwildfires needrain 
 i really jus wanna smoke amp chill rn
 woody harrelson quit smoking weed. the world truly is coming to an end.
 im about to take the longest shower amp find me some weed
 does anyone actually smoke cigarillos lol
 so long old crappy weedy yard and old ugly steps. zeon and wood steps is where its headed. 
 way too much smoke  drinking a brokedown porter by @mckenziebrew at @mckenziebrew   
 almost just burnt the entire house down for the 2nd time good thing our smoke detectors are broken 
 free smoke free smoke 
 wheres the weed man at these days
 dont get me wrong i miss the hell out of smoking  but being 6 months amp a week clean from weed amp seeing how its other peoples
 my mom literally said she would rather dope me up on anti depression and anxiety pills than me smoke pot are you fucking stupid
 who the fuck charges 20 for a gram of weed. like yall on some phony ass next shit.
 i love being accused of being a bad kid when i dont smoke  drink  party etc but 
 bitch i came here right here w the bounce amp if that aint enough i got some weed
 free smoke
 haze gt smoke temperature down 69f gt 65f humidity up 88 gt 100
 went outside to smoke and realized i prolly dont even need to smoke just needed to chill outside
 i have been wanting to smoke from an apple lol
 we bhill .. we go out .. we smoke ... loving the moments amp memories... 
 its a beautiful day we smoke kush amp sip drank
 good @538politics chat on the smoke vs fire of trumprussia ties  how much is fire  you ask 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1826 eastern ave 
 its said would you smoke crack for 10 million. man look.  me 
 free smoke free smoke
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 if i smoke em im be the one who feds take
 i really hate seeing people buying shorty ass weed 
 @snowbunnnnybecs bc sometimes i need to cough and i dont need no one looking at me like i cant smoke  or hold my own 
 @djsmokey666 rt my tweet above new song out now dj smokey x lofty305 back at it
 betty boop glass on sale for  20 @ aampa smokers outlet 
 2014  i predicted that in five years... i may be closeillinois lawmaker proposes legislation to legalize marijuana 
 @allennat109 hows the weed
 what i smoke is illegal but never travel without papers
 free smoke
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation anniston  al
 bringing out these puppies pork amp cheese croquettes  w pulled pork  white cheddar  smoked apple amp sorghum salsa  
 coming to colorado gonna be hella weed mentions. cooking with it what can i donate to eat at an event 
 @jamescurle i still am baffled as to why this applies to us specifically. you dont recruit via smoke signals and walking.
 you wanna smoke  but you wanna smoke my drugs
 one of the homies sprayed that in the bong than smoked a bowl after and his brain turned mush for 2 seconds 
 sunset through the smoke from beach blvd jacksonville fl @actionnewsjax @firstalertwx @wxgarrett @mikefirstalert 
 free smoke bars
 im not i be coolinnnnn  amp iont smoke 
 i need to drink  i need to smoke  i need to stop being me.
 cigarette smoke is pretty comforting
 free smoke is my 
 wanna smoke but itd probably just be a waste of weed to smoke just one blunt
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 all i want santa claus is two fat bitches and a bag of weed and two bags of chips to give to the fat bitches 
 hit the popcorn button on the microwave  went back to my video game  had the entire apartment up in smoke 
 listened to the rocky horror soundtrack from beginning to end and smoked a fat joint in the process this is selflove on steroids
 still cant make a phone call or send a text.  guess you can try smoke signals if you need to reach me
 see our latest buffalo  ny job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 holy smokes 
 stop wit the sucka shit its niggas who tried to smoke you running around the streets and you aint doing nothing about that so stop it.
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 the fire is at timber ridge farm. smoke is still coming out as crews work to contain it. wgme 
  a flower never blooms if it holds on to the weeds  below
 here at morris where they only fuck with you just to smoke your weed 
 cheech and chong up in smoke 
 soft  straight and sleek lob | shadow roots  dimensional smoke sand iced beige balayage melt 
 free smoke  free smoke aye
 what possessed me to smoke my brothers blunt just now 
 client security stopped me and theyre going to arrest me for felony marijuana possession.  me shut the fuck up  ill be right there.
 @curtcurtsayit2x free smoke ties 
 willhustletv    snoopdogg tells us the first person he ever smoked a blunt with in nardwuar 
 pusses always wannuh put out my fire like its uhwild one while theyre smokey the bearwho elsed i eat it4like its gnocchicartier
 an 11 word love story  my friends in from sac and wants to smoke you out
 if me and my boo cant smoke a blunt together and chill i aint want him
 in search of a someone to smoke with hmu asap got a fatass gold  nugget waiting
 brudda be throwing that smoke.. @dorseyjaquan
 crack dont smoke itself 
 i need a real weed man bruh 
 wishing ganja white night was playing closer to la  im fixinnnn for some dirty wubs
 all i need is weed                                              daisy d 
 @queenkaytee you cant tweet shit like this when you only smoke once a week. 
 i need to quiet smoking yall weed men so asss man 
 this is the part where i smoke a blunt omw to work to make up for how miserable im going to be
 i just wanna smoke good with a bad bitch
 i told my kids not everyone is your friend. some are fertilizer and some are weeds. you have to keep your business 
 my coworker owed me a slice of pie amp this mf said im just gonna give you weed. this nigga gave me a gram last night. 
 bout to go home and smoke a fat ass blunt 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 the hempsons tee emeriken emerikentshirtcompany clothingbrands hypebeast tshirts 
 yall have lost your fucking minds bro. yall smoke too much. frfr. yall do too much in general. yall cant hang. retire.
 anybody wanna smoke 8ish
 smoke weed with
 ight idk about yall but im about to smoke and get food
 ah nah  gotta tell her get out...i dont even smoke no more and i know better 
 dad makes awful joke me dad do you think youre funny dad i know im funny. stick that in your pipe and smoke it
 when he only smokes on the weekends but you smoke everyday lt
 we are in colorado and my 8 year old brother just said mom i wanna try to smoke weird while we are here we are all shook
 i feel sorry for the weed people.
 badgers where did nigel come from holy smokes
 of course you can smoke that blunt at my house
 some of the best from dinner aroythai smoked eggplant with shrimp  egg  red onion  and cilantro 
 yaaaas smoke break @carrieunderwood @opry
 i agree with kids abusing lean  but she just needs to recommend weed  not the doctor. doc will prescribe more addic 
 what kind of weed is that anyways 
 @atticussheppy weed out the weaklings xd
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 mannn im a smoker but i like the turnt version of me 
 @marciarpowell decided that my home butchered amp smoked pork was better than anything from the store. i think she may be biased mulefootpork
 but now we need to talk so im probably losing them after they come by weed from me 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation gastonia  nc job
 and smoke. 
 future homie lemme get a gram right quick   future and his crew fuck out here broke boi you cant smoke with us 
 @cwferris no  of course not but hes not taking it away either. in fact  hes extending eligible drug list ... with weed
 me if you try smoking up my little cousin i will kill you. derek i... willllll... smokewithhimifhebringsitup.  honesty is the best policy.
 i smoked a bunch of resin and keif and im on a different planet
 i love black people cuz theyll sell you a gram of weed for 6 and two puffs of the blunt
 might as well smoke a blunt 
 happy birthday to this smoke show  @jhuneyyy @ the madison 
 being with you by smokey robinson is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 @mlpavela i thought those maga morons smoke pot
 free smoke  free smoke  
 the only thing i dont like about smoking weed is the next day i feel calm and lazy asf 
 ill be in la tonight holding down @jmacmovements set at 1000pm. pull up an smoke one with us 
 just smoked a cigar with a pike dad hahaha litty titty
 hello old friends. salvagebbq kingmemphisrockabilly @ salvage bbq amp smokehouse 
 join us tonight for heirloom tomatoes  straccitella  smoked lap xuong sausage  chili oil and 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 i dont even smoke cigs 
 smoke some reefer and shutchass up 
 i think when i smoke the rest of this weed i got im done. i gotta take a break frfr.
 had such a good first day  clock out and it just went down hill from there  need to smoke
 when you wanna share a marijuana legalization post on facebook but also dont wanna tell your grandma youre a raging stoner 
 drinking a lexington smoked spring ipa by @nattygreenes at @nattygreenes  
 my wife can cook never a bad meal in 44 yrs  smoked pork shoulder taters and corn  home made coconut cream pie yum yum i can eat like a king
 @cerenayante im so sad  just wanna cry and then smoke 
 she pop x  i smoke os. tic tac toe
 @dailycaller the dems gloatingis liken to little demons laughing all the while knowing they are defeated its all just smoke amp mirrors
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 i just wanna smoke tf
 i may smoke but that doesnt mean im a bum. lol
 i h8te the fact my own people weed out the weak so thiers only a hand full of strong wouldnt it be better to lift them up to be strong
 @chaunceycc you got weed smoke it  you got dice roll it you got guns shoot it  you got a ho stroke it you got money spend it.
 come smoke with bro 
 lmaooo when i seen that shit after i smoked i died laughing  
 well. tomorrow is hemp day at the wv capitol. im excited. ill be presenting my hemp infused cosmetic line good h 
 aerated  seeded  weed treated amp fertilizer fed.  let the lawn games begin 
 people broke into the beach house  jenna wakes me up saying someones in the house and i told her she was just hullicinating on laced weed
 your mcm tweets shit like last night was a dream after smoking weed at a house party for the first time
 boutta smoke one when i get off
 smoking in the car is a date ... its a hotbox date smoke and talk about shit 
 i dont need weed  i just need my bfs scent amp im good
 free smoke
 i did smoke like 2 dabs before going to this movie 
 ready for that smoke session @ the brib later
 if there are better smoked wings in tallahassee than those at @redshedtally  i havent found em. 
 about to smoke my last two blunts
 sweets amp meats bbq is in mt.washington serving ribs  pulled pork  pulled chicken  smoked 
 heard a couple hempstead kids rap no heart by 21 savage to titanium on the piano last night. maybe that school is better than i thought
 dear @drmaryanqasim thx for u support @caawiwalaal. when u star new pos take this group to next level  weed out corrupted ones good luck.
 @zenyanna runs to the balcony and blows the smoke outside. anyway thats postgame guzmalusamine
 when greg rolls me blunts because he knows i suck at it even when he isnt allowed to smoke real buds truelove
 @bettyycrockerr  we need to kick it and smoke because i honestly feel like you coo af
 im lowkey sad lol. i dont have weed how am i supposed to work tomorrow without it 
 im on my new port richie shit ... but i dont smoke newports. 
 if you smoke pot dm me 
 come smoke w me at my mamas place
 im just daded smoking weed sippin citrus tea tryna get to this cash every morning
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @sethrogen @united @sarahksilverman  i need some of your weed money seth lol
 they just gon sell this as medical marijuana cause these official growers lazy. 
 woke up just to smoke amp go back to sleep smh this aint it
 i swear when you stay in la everywhere weed prices is high 
 perfect day for a smoke and some movies in bed
 buy my own weed  smoke my own weed
 @flyerthanu2 i thought i was the only one. i smoked out of an original swisher the other day and it was horrible 
 boutta graduate soon from all my teachers telling me that my weed to strong 
 im overthinking this way too much. i need to smoke 
 some guy told me to try holistic medicine and cannabis for my sleep apnea...........
 gonna smoke this blunt and eat this crab house for the first time   very excited
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 36 e preston st  send message. 
 i took a few shots in my yard this morning. this is a weed. pachanza plantstudy weed 
 another shot of this small flower on a weed. pachanza plantstudy weed dandelion yard 
 yes but then i realize i spent all my money on weed and food 
 took a fat dab and i swear i burped out smoke 20 mins later when sipping on dr. pepper.. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 412 s wolfe st  send message.
 i can not wait to smoke again
 aerosmith sucks as bad as that spool on your weedeater that is suppose to release extra string   ncaachampionship
 since when some of yall i know became smokers 
 need a smoke sesh
 hoping the truth comes sooner than later. smoke and mirrors and now ridiculous filibuster of one of the most qualif 
 mad at myself for not buying weed
 @jessebain ill smoke to that
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 seriously twitter  modern day twitter jail but really for weed 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 imagine raising your son for 18 miserable years just for him to grow up and become a nigga that smokes mid grade
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 i miss the days i cud jus go to the park chill wit the niggas and smoke wit out gettin shot
 im honestly liable to snap on anyone and everyone until i smoke a fucking blackwood.
 i smoked this yesterday at @ftbmelanie but in honor of tattuesday ill post it today 
 idk how id get past these cramps with out my lavender oil amp weed 
 legalize weed and tax the shit out of soda. thats would be a good start to a steady revenue stream for our schools here in ok.
 this weather just makes me wanna smoke a dutch 
 @thesocialctv i got to the party late where can you get that smokey eye eyeliner needthis
 dave east free smoke freestyle 
 someone in cali help me get weed
 less woke more smoke
 @grose65511 where theres smoke theres fire  need 2 watch these closely especially the republican onestheres enou 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 i wanna smoke a rape blunt with @hoodvicious
 dont talk about an ounces if you aint smoke one
 thetrumpreport cillizza trump just keeps creating smokescreens to mask his russia problem  cnn 
 i bought my highschool plak just to roll on it they said i couldnt do it so i smoked a bowl on itstrikestrike 
 yall can judge me on this but     i think smoking weed is a turn off . 
 she hate i smoke dem cancers but im all bout takin chances  honeywalnutshrimp @ houston  texas 
 im really sad that im not seeing uicideboy this month at smokers club 
 i am tired of learning about the rules of motivation  i just wanna smoke sum kushhhhhh
 plus the parking lot stinks of weed.
 @jjjalen @logannoo i smoke monthly lol
 i feel pain so i smoke marijuana  my boy gotta l hell never see another summer.
 its a bannon smoke screen  deflecting away from the real news  he didnt learn much from watergate 
 so ol girl gon come at me with this shit about some cigarettes.... bitch i dont smoke cigarettes dont u ever.... i got asthma.
 damn i wanna smoke
 bad news for @jayinmilwaukee  cray ton is getting smoked in lincoln. cc @chisoxfan30
 i personally think its too cold to have the windows open but you want to smoke your menthol cigarettes
 @24savagehendrix ill stick to weed and selfreflection. xanax made me forget who i am.
 at 14 for a 12 lb of meat  perhaps a tad pricy. but cut down on smoke a bit amp its a real winner. note i requested meat on fatty side.
 i just smoked and feel into a deep depression. it was as if doing good was hurting me. there was no love.
 the more weed you smoke.. the more likely you are to be a loser.
 i get so much done when i dont smoke at night holy
 i smoke tobacco amp not crack thanks
 who wanna smoke
  i got some weed for you   u wanna spark another one  i got you food  lets go shopping 
 repeat do not smoke with white people they take getting high off of weed to the next level... they fuckin crazy
 a van covered in green neon lights just drove down our block blasting smoke weed everyday
 yep  i still hate smoked beers....  drinking a mole smoke by @surlybrewing at @dukesalehouse   
 usingcommonsense   trump  should  release his  tax  returns   amp smoke will  be  clear.  might  blow up in his  face. counting on it.
 who trying to smoke and do hood rat shit tonight  hmu
 just wanna let everyone know that i do not smoke crack
 indian spiced lamb rack tandoori spinach amp caramelized onion stuffed smoked tomato paste @douglasmagazine 
 me  i smell marijuana brandi instantly sniffs herself
 especially over no fucking weed
 im salty af niggas say my voice sound like i smoke cigarettes 
 i know after i smoke these two blunts ima be dead
 just cause i joke and smoke a lot doesnt mean i dont tote the glock
 mood smoke weed 
 @davidneevel thank you you are a genius on par with edison now find a way to make dt go up in smoke and youll get the nobel prize.
 see our latest richmond  in job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 only cool thing about working retail is having the hangover farts and ripping absolute smoke in crowds of people all day. pretty neat.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 sometimes i think to myself i need a cigarette then i remember i dont smoke im just stressed.
  i wanna smoke .
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 just fuckin smoked a mustang who doesnt know that my 98 jeep has a 4.0 straight 6. he probably has like a 2.3 v6
 @ew holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 they had to capture and tame a pony i assume they did not smoke and play cards...wait  i take 
 tgstudiocity  smoked beef short ribs  asparagus  fingerling potatoes  chives  mustard 
 that video is the primary reason why i never enjoyed going to somebody crib to smoke and chill with niggas i dont know.
 @juddlegum another blatant liefor smokescreen purposes. when do we learn moretrumplies
 teaching your grandma how to smoke a bong like 
 i should not have smoked before class lmao
 life long lessons from the dentist dont smoke cigarettes smoke pot
 prediction cannabis will be legal nationwide by 2020. do you agree
 @realcarrottop smokey eye...
 yall niggas in missouri can vote for weed but not our fuckin president 
 if yu dont feel no type of way them stealing his little weed we clearly know yall steal
 hiddenlakefire  slow moving 100 acres  smoke signs @ hwy441sr121  sr121156 ave  cr231156 ave  cr22553ave  cr22 
 whos in atlanta or marietta  lets link and smoke sum 
 ive got let go with mad weed  before i remember a cop pulled me over for taillight found 4 blunts..he gave em back said get home safe
 son smokepurp sound like uzi  nav  nessly  and trav in one song.
 @boogietmusic i wanna love u and smoke u out
 when u finally grow that perfect strain of weed and are dying to tell everyone  criminalminds 
 let me go outside amp smoke this blunt
 when i get a fast car  im going to smoke forrest. f his frs ronda
 im tryna smoke this blunt before i lay downnnn
 by the end of @potuss 1st term  the smoke will have cleared  the economy will be rocking and he will ease into term 2 wo a hitch.
 he dont like bitches who smoke. i dont like niggas who dont
 @cruzzzyc @chriss96 triggered cuck  smoke sesh at chriss and debate about americas favorite pastime
 @tattooadd this could be yours do you smoke hundreds to choose for himher under 20  
 okay twitter  im not very religious but im curious to your opinions does god approve of weed
 im seriously starting to think like weed was helping me have the awesome sleep i was getting bc now i cant sleep and i really need it ..
 cracker ugly ass rapist choke and your weed is wack 
 probably more excited than i should be about the cabin we just booked at smokehouse lodge in monteagle but idgaf
 whoever just walked in the room must be higher than a kite because now the room smells like weed  thisismathclass
 LA or Memphis or The Bay Area
 i got a couple friends that only use me for weed 
 my teacher asked us to give an example of someone who smokes weed regularly amp is highly motivated amp this girl raised her handampyelled me 
 finna put on my creep sneaks and just sit on the couch smoking weed.
 good sex  good weed  good life i provide
 @aceflaco at the cribby rn  you got smoke
 one thing i love about the suburbs is that i can literally smoke a bowl in my driveway out in the open at 3pm without worry
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2410 e baltimore st  send message. 
 sounds like some its always sunny shit and also weed does taste good 
 @artdecoxxx her weed so trash her dealer sells it to her in a garbage bag. lmaoooo
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 dave east free smoke remix is dope
 xbox just entertained me for all of 20 min. dont wanna smoke. spotify gettin dry.
 closed report at 785 albany st  roxbury  case resolved. weeds were removed all set. 
 brain smoke  turn a nigga fitted to a kango
 @cmurray36 dawg i smoked some good good and knocked tf out b
 my mom accidentally threw away my weed so i texted her abt it 
 iran dont want no smoke 
 imma weed head and lean head 
 or because america is growing killer dank. in the words of @methodman we dont need your dirt weed we got our fkin 
 i put the story on the paper and the weed in the air hightimes trill wavy denver @ denver  
 boi just used a hemp wick to light a cig. gotta avoid that butane if you wanna get to your 699 unknown chemicals including rat poison
 who wan smoke 
 this man cliff from the hempstead car wash cleaned my car carpet with a wave brush i had to tip him
 i keep running into weed . its so tempting 
 what i feel like doing when people smoke cigarettes around me 
 you can smell the marijuana everywhere in binghamton  so i moved off campus away from the smell international student in my class
 now where is gary johnson supposed to buy his weed this is bullshit bodegastrike
 i just bought weed from my 15 year old brother lol i hate myself
 polysci professor ive researched marijuana as well
 cold day to be a heater smoker
 i just want to smoke amp enjoy the silence with someone right now.
 vibe smoke relax .... qampa about new music and projects . hell just vibe 
 hb06198 new an act concerning driving while under the influence of marijuana. 
 its been a whole month since i last smoked and now that i took a hit  i feel so relaxed
 smoking weed with my baby 
 girls who smoke cigarettes  smell like the 75 off bath and body works sprays that nobody wants and smoke
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 @siug yo each their own  adjusting to weed wouldnt be a bad idea tho. pain meds can get sketchy
 my mom smokes reggie
 @theblackballerz @mainefinfan @houtz lol tannehill will develop into brady and rodgers. i want whatever you smoke son
 i had used to sell weed  
 my parents gave one of their employees an edible and hes never even smoked weed before 
 quit the weed and now its hard to eat
 the shit this dude smoked is on another level lol 
 ijustlovetohate people who smoke cigarettes while standing next to the door you have to enterexit. gross goaway
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 801 madison ave  illegally dumped 
 tint man tinted this x6 with llumar ceramic ctx 50 tint on top of the factory smoked rear 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 241 south calhoun street baltimore  send message.
 or have a lil super bowl smoke out.
 if smoking weed makes you crazy then dont fucking smoke weed sick of this shit
 y by a gram a day when u can buy a half and smoke for two weeks 
 30 acre rx burn  n of alachua  e of i75  smoke plume visitble from i75 @flforestservice @gainesvillesun 
 yeah  that definitely wasnt @aldonsmith in the weed smoking video. from that instagram live stream just now  his voice is way different.
 ion want no smoke with patron from now on.. that shit is truly the devil
 guess ill smoke and chill and get ready for work tomorrow 
 i dont smoke if it aint fuego 
 i smoke n pop to many percs 
 i encourage the proliferation of smoked foods in and outside of bbq joints. however  if theres a sign that smoked 
 womens heart healthy facts  dont smoke @emiforlove globalgoodemired goredforwomen 
 @suthenboy @senschumer like smokey robinson sang. the tears of a clown.
 im determined to smoke this bowl   sore throat or not
 yesterday i weighed out my weed and it came out to 6.66 hahahah 
 todays show is a banger. terror  dio  ratt  azeilia banks and we smoke the brain stems of 
 all i want to do is smoke weed and eat salads
 this is why they say that weed is safer than groceries i had to pick it up to see if it was real bc ive never seen 
 @jasontrinkle14 @thehill fuck off  redneck... i smoke pot for a living  and you can kiss my liberal ass  dumbshit white trash loser
 can my chef circle tell me how i can get a hold of pure tobacco for culinary use id like to erm  smoke things with it. @kittenwithawhip
 thats my boy. i miss you smokey  rip 
 excellent harmony of hemp and hops is satisfying. nocalbeer... humboldt brown hemp ale  photo
 @sbnlukethomas does it get a bit of smokesweet from the bourbon barrels if you like scotch  the balvenie caribbean cask is so good.
 when i die  crumble me in a joint and smoke me up 
 the south is like nah we make way more money off sending niggas to jail for weed  why legalize  lol smh
 hello i need weed dm
 a meditation the smoker  poem poetry blog
 @thatnggakeef dont act like i aint pull up on you ready for that smoke n you was duckin ode pussy bitch dont flex
 i found weed at the transit ... and i gave it to my friend lmao
 i drove allllllllll the way home n failed to realize i forgot my weed. should i drive back 
 imma get a beautiful ass woman randomly one day duck off watch tv make babies and smoke hella weed.
 @slamonline taking pain pills can be addictive  drinking alcohol creates numerous issues. marijuana possess no social or medical problems.
 me when i know im gonna smoke @lnball @dirtydan 
 stretch marks  smoke  and melanin
 @ballsdotie a single church bell rings and a tumble weed gently floats across the horizon in an abandoned street ... dong ... dong ...
 @msldemarco if i dont get to smoke a cig with you in pittsburgh ill kill myself
 love you miss sonja was way too long great to be back in touch @ lucilles smokehouse bbq 
 im trynna smoke a blunt amp drink some henny
 need to smoke but im too sick
 thanks @sprintcare  1 difference between your coverage area and how far away you can see smoke signals 
 @wxcrum i can make up some weeds in the office i would like to pull. too bad gerrymandering makes it nearly impossible
 happy smoker  
 second hand smoke is more harmful than smoking ah yes and the people who pick up parade beer cans get drunker than the ones drinking them
 im tryna smoke and eat sala thai
 mikepence neilgorsuch will join scotus one way or the other amp the democrats can put that in their crack pipes amp smoke it.
 every time i carry around an iced coffee i feel like nancy from weeds lol
 i just want somebody i can smoke with rn but everybody is weak asf
 south hempstead ny sat feb 4th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 when the smoke gets in your eyes...crawfish dabayoubrah @ bayou beer garden 
 i am such a great multitasker... i just smoked a cigarette  face timed jessica  and almost cried  all while driving.
 if you live in a legal weed state or have quality hookups in a shit state like mine  get you some bud called zkittlez. its the best ever.
 got 3 bottles and weed and im still hungover from last night. happybirthdaytome 
 14.4 ponds of pig love. going on the smoker tonight.  @fogocharcoal @meatchurch @biggreenegg superbowlfood bbq 
 lets be proud to live in a country of immigrants. trumps pause was to give time to figure out better vetting to weed out peeps that harm.
 all i wanna do is smoke a lil weed and forget about my past...
 goes to smoke brendan holy shit you must be stressed out me you have no fucking idea
 my niggas used to smoke loud now they on dog food
 you know i would smoke the whole world  bout ya
 kaylen smokes a silver swisher 2017
 i just wanna chill  smoke  drink  and be cool 
 can i get some weed  
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 if you smoke cigs you dirty af idc
 its not just a brand its a lifestyle legalize weed for the day let us burn  taking 
 smh im just trynna smoke
 everyones still drinking and im just sober af. i need weed asap
 come home tell my girl i love her then smoke to i pass out 
 need to smoke just a couple racks of ribs but its kinda cold out
 i want to smoke 
 i woke up high. crazy thing is  i didnt even smoke last night
 i will always need time money information and weed for sex.
 @davemauromx actual footage of what these kids smoke 
 im jus going out for the drinks  smokes  amp thee fooooooooood 
 @johnelway wyoming put murcery in my teeth 4 44year at age 5   ben franklin had me to use pot i do not smoke or take va madication or drink
 the guy i buy weed from offers me steroids all the time  he says you know want this shit  gangsta baby
 which slow smoked meat do you start with when eating our tailgaters bbq feast @jimtrotternfl @cskeysshow @jeffdotseth
 i cant even smoke from my favorite pipe bc he gave it to me smh
 im trynna smoke like 10 ls amp watch the game
 god bless weed deliveries dont even gotta leave my house
 my oral surgeon is texting me about smoking weed...ethical or not
 how yall be high ash but be blowing out all the smoke
 america  taxes raised from legalized marijuana would pay off national debt. @potus  do you have an idea to pay off national debt serious
 just looking for that girl to get mad stoned with  adventure  eat a fuck ton  and take hella weed naps. that too much to ask for
 its super bowl sunday   im just tryna eat my pizza amp smoke a blunt dang
 highly recommend hemp massage oil for lube 
 havent bought weed in so long and just caved so hard 
 knew i shouldnt have smoked  slept til now
 good thing youre named blount cause youre getting smoked...on belicheks clip board. superbowljokes stonerjokes
 very tasty nice smokey flavor with subtle alcohol flavor at the end...... old believer 2016  photo
 my friends passing faster than i can pass the weed
 im just trynna smoke tonight
 wow denver smells of weed.
 holy smokes i leave one party to go home...20min. get home amp game is tied
 anyone not busy and want to smoke
 they might smoke it 
 i dont even smoke to get smacked anymore i just like the process
 erik and i smoked so many super bowls today 
 use to get judge for weed now everyone coming to me for their daily needs .
 if your bored at your crib hmu i got the whip and ill spark it up i dont smoke so youll face it
 since i almost died i need to turn up and smokee
 hash is the crack of weed
 wish i could smoke rn
 whose gonna stop me you him weed and a  sims
 how alcohol and weed can help you lose all those fucks youve been giving  titleofmyselfhelpbook
 @zoepappi no im good ill just smoke weed 
 if school offered a class called smokology and taught you about weed and strains i would attend it a lot more often
 @mmfa there is no backup plan its all smoke amp mirrors and about eradicating obamas legacy.
 i should be allowed a day off when it rains  this is the perfect weather to do absolutely nothing other than smoke lmao
 cant find any good weed in this damn town lately. how
 a little croissant toast with local farm eggs and smoked salmon.  cheflife bresort localfood 
 @jazzyj12 @millbauer shouldve smoked that deer bro
 grr i hate when lynzee rushes my smoke breaks
 @phildruyor cool story  bro p nothing a little more weedsmoking cant handle tho im sure  youll be alright  buddy
 so i drink and i smoke and i ask you if your ever around
 give me household objects i can smoke weed out of pls thx
 first day of me trying to not smoke cigarettes  gome
 jhi like trying smoke 
 i gotta go smoke
 this why i smoke and eat up all they shit 
 fucking beer and weed. fuck a break. yall keep me on my toes along with music.
 but nope i just smoke my weed mind my business and stay to myself really 
 my girl is always angry when were low on weed lmao
 @mudcat55 @dsmithshow god you guys made average baseball so damn entertaining to watch. you amp don are phenomenal as well  not blowing smoke.
 well dont smoke and you wont have that problem 
 rt but ion smoke 
 everybody smoke weed i cant name one person that dont 
 now that my mama know i smoke im finna be comin home higher than a kite
 i just wanna go home nd smoke 
 dont get smoked ayzel 
 no joke  most dope  you just bowl smoke  how much coke you gotta sell to make a boat float
 @mackklewhore dont you have some weed to smoke and thirst trappin to do
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 my boyfriend rolled up a blunt w my weed and broke it in half and went to work so when i woke up i was left w a half of a blunt .
 ill sir on my ass today smoke almost a whole pack of cigs amp think about what a joke my life it
 i need to smoke a blunt
 @cbsnews  annexation pure and simple  one piece  of land after an other  all the noise is a smoke screen.
 bout to smoke these tweeds ahha
 these girls behind me basically said get your priorities straight  then start smoking weed look at these millionaires like rihanna 
 @flowverchild i also have to stop smoking weed until i feel better. the doctor basically told me that i should quit 
 @midgetnazgul i had to weed out quite a few of those when i was funemployed
 @youtube or i will come find you  every meadow ghetto city level whatever this is real and so am i and i need to smoke something dammit
 wow annette youre almost 18 youll be able to smoke cigarettes and take my advice this year  dad lmfaoo
 bonk ass smoke 
 all i want in life is to sit down with jack nicholson once a week  drink some scotch  and smoke a cigar
 gone be the first song i smoke to after school  
 i had to take a vicodin  two midol  and smoke just to feel okay. plus this tequila.
 dumb kid i have weed me questions him some bullshit me oh really what does it look like kid its all purple
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1309 west pratt street baltimore  send message.
 driving down the freeway in la all you smell is weed 
 everyone come out to the regional dual tomorrow at home hempstead and bettendorf wrestle at 6 and we take on the winner to go to team state
 lifes short  smoke a port  on a port  in new york
 well this is an interesting smoke. 
 im bored. i do deh ganja  den awl ah wanna do is nap. followers are leaving me in droves anyway what the fuck do i care
 just cause i smoke   cut my hair short  and act like a boy trust me im not gay 
 congratulations to beautyschoolbaby  tanisha allen the first graduate of smoke and mirrors 
 if you think a girl that smoke weed is unattractive then cut your search short 
 @trutherbotblue  my kind of weed
 most i did in the military was smoke a lip blunt when i was overseas  yall hitting the meth lab  jesus christ.
 move aside tobacco  kentucky farmers are making the switch to hemp  hemp kentucky america
 dude was using a vape inside  went up to him hey man  im sorry but you cant smoke that in here im not smoking  im vaping ....
 currenys smokee robinson is still so fucking good. i still play it on a regular when im driving
 late night drives n smokin weed to some good ass music
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 318 e lanvale st  send message. 
 @lamoousa  omg...by all means  ill even sit with her and smoke peace pipe.   @dizzypam @anitadwhite @baseballusna @politidiva @amymek
 lol wait  did they cut a lime for a drink and find 2 gs ...like how do you think to check limes for weed 
 angelica this weed smells so good test it out  dont gotta tell me twice ... bong or pipe
 sorrynotsorry to the guy we caught smoking weed on the aqueduct. protip dont do dumb stuff along our running route.
 chief sosa how you do it like that do what smoke that dope like that  you a fool.
 wednesdays featured panino  scamorza toast   smoked mozzarella cheese and pancetta  cooked italian bacon on ar 
 @barstoolradio go to my buddys house all the time  mostly to smoke weed and watch sports though
 sean spicer  you need weed in your life. youre too high strung.
 i just found half a rolled blunt on the floor  i dont even smoke lmaooooo
 stuck in phoenix who got weed
 lol im too lazy to tan by my pool so i just smoke with my shirt off when i go outside 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1802 mchenry street baltimore  send message. 
 no cig smoked alone
 fit for our runners new balance 990v4 smoke grey on sale 145.99. ufirstfashions ootd 
 why grandma  what a big mouth you have. the better to smoke cigars with  my dear 
 well. i was suppose to take a nap. buttttt when ya gang say lets smoke. you hop tf up
 tonights feature fillet mignon with with double smoked bacon  fingerling in a asiago ragu @ the 
 i havent smoke for straight up two weeks  why 
 @braincandypod listing to @susiemeister and @imsarahrice  talk about the weed candy and i had the same thing  happen. i was so paranoid.
 significant smoke mellows out. no alcohol burn. light bodied. goes great with blue... sue  photo
 ill pull up on you if you smoke chi amp thats on chi bitch chichiworld
 @jasongalante 2 places id like to try for plano weekend jorgs vienna cafe 4 shnitzle amp lockhart smokehouse 4 bbq @dagalante @joshgalante
 i hate when professors ask me to share a fun fact about myself theres nothing fun about me i cry a lot smoke pot and play videogames
 @angryblacklady the white ppl who knew they were safe are going to be shook after he rips up their weed cards
 netflix and smoke and food and chill
 feels good to know everytime you smoke you eating good afterwards. 
 flicker of a flame  the dance of smoke
 i pick lil mama up amp put some weed in the air now im smashing from the back amp pullin weave out her hair
 then her lil dusty ass boyfriend  have  guns and weed in his pictures . i cant wait to pop up at that school on her ass
 weed taste so good i cant pass it when i die smoke my ashes.
 highlights of my day smoked a pretty decent joint and my dumbass locked my car w my keys inside the car.  embarrassing
 gonna smoke a blunt and see if that helps
 bitchstolemy weed. not my shitty oregano weed. the good stuff. the one with the purple hairs. fucking hoe.
 one of these young rap niggas just needs to chop up the christian full of smoke acapella and make a banger
 should i wake drew up or smoke his weed first lmao
 lifes short smoke a port on a port in new york.
 id done smoked i need a bar 
 @prichardfish im tryna smoke my weed man 
 i have the tendency to blow smoke up peoples asses hahaha be grateful
 between school  work  doing homework  eating right and going to the gym.... i still manage to find time to smoke a blunt ayyyyy lmao
 first time meeting someone @ the library tonight you seem chill... like you smoke  just for being a calm person w small eyes 
 i just be wanting to smoke and fuck
 i dont feel like rolling up ugh but i want smoke  feelinglazy
 @fred4three its a weight supplement powder  my dad uses it. you would have to head weed up for it to have any effect.
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 whats that in your urine oh thats marijuana seed.
 lol i got high lasst night and spent all my money on pizza cool amp now dont have any weed either 
 have you ever been in class and realized you left your weed in your backpack
 never smoked a day in my life.  
 .@citizensfedup remember folksgetting more jobs dts promise is his smoke amp haze.hes only making billionaires ri 
 told my mom the day i stop smoking weed is the day she stops drinking soda.. lets see if shes up for the challenge
 quit glamorizing weed and alcohol  its whats holding most of you back from living the life you deserve and dream of. onelife
 @kissmypinkx weed and the tape
 i love mr. charlie. hed play @npr jazz and smoke cigars while he painted outside my freshman year  it was a whimsi 
 lets not bring cannabis into this sht please. 
 when you smoke every day and actually run out of weed  
 all i smoke is killer your bitch look like thriller
 getinvolved at wooten weeding wingding with its my park day  spring  volunteeraustin 
 spread some love for valentines day lt3 leave your budtender a 5 star review on weedmaps amp receive a free top shelf 
 nigga i smoke black and molds occasionally 
 got tix for ediblemuseum popup tonight enjoy tourtire  risotto  smoked salmon amp nanaimo bar. plus wine. 
 boat fire sends smoke across clear lake 
 @potus @seanspicer edible marijuana also scares me that children will get into it and be very sick  possible labor breathing  from effects
 we were honored to serve the legendary jack clifford of @foodnetwork some slow smoked @calicomfort bbq today 
 when allison used to smoke with us she would always eat the same exact cereal it was like a tradition
 @dominicdelgado said after i smoke my meth for the day  i like to eat out a girl and go to steak amp shake
 i find it kinda funny that you only hit me up when you want to smoke why dont you try and buy your own shit bitch .
 is there smoke coming from the white house yet his team is probably sedating dating him right now
 i just want a nigga only for me and we can smoke all day..is that to much to ask
 @maggiejordanacn waiting to see smoke coming out of white house.
 new york weed really underrated
 smokey pork posole rojo  with guajillo  ancho  hominy  radish  avocado  smokey pork  and 
 @saluteav about to hit the med shop and then go smoke  just got off work
 im convinced every parent smokes weed and they were just good at hiding it when we were kids.
 i smoke cigetettes like im going to electric chairvinny
 she just wanna be around me to smoke my weed  so i rolled a blunt of moonrock and she fell straight to sleep
 an ode to bad bitches who smoke cigarettes after yoga. i see you. i love you. i am you. lt3
 amp weed 
 your trashy if you smoke cigarettes with the windows up
 spring keeps you everglow  you are second hand smoke  youre so fragile amp thin  setting trial for your sings
 i just smoked a blunt with your boyfriend
 communism is a dried smoked fish 
 mom stopping for a smoke @ intersection of us 301 and lake street in lawtey  fl 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3905 woodlea ave  send message. 
 no offense pero when seoras try to do smokey eye it looks like they got punched in the eyes
 when i say that im chillin  i really mean that im smoking weed or im high as fuck.
 if u smoke dutch masters u might as well smoke those 3 for a dollar jackpot blunts. u dirty little fiend
 i want to smoke w this man 
 @atrout920   im more talking about the strategy of evil statists ...  trump wants pharma concessions  pharma hates legal weed.
 bongs  water pipes and bubblers are not only vehicles for delivering sacred smoke but are also 
 dejuan i cant smoke a blunt with you no more 
 why you smoke so much  me 
 day 1 of not smoking weed. lets see how long this last.
 cracker sushi... @ patricks smokehouse amp beer emporium 
 i swear just give me my wine weed amp food im good 
 gavin eddings i missed this guy so much @ the first church of cannabis 
 sometimes wen i smoke  i dont even like talkin. .i just be thinkin. 
 i just love smoking weed and watching movies  but im always so mad at myself when i spend a day doing so. man.
 if you a smoker you gotta stay with a lighter
 ik yall dont want no smoke thats y my mans 57 12 years old and he still will bang on any center in this league 
 on a good note i might get to meet migos and smoke with them
 dead ass why i smoke lmao 
 am i considered a lame because i dont have the desire to drink or smoke be honest.
 guess who finna smoke phat tonight  @babygirljovanaa @kaarluhx 
 its not even weed and if it was that wouldnt get u high lol 
 i only smoke gelato
 so upsetttttttt. i just wanna smoke 
 i really wanted to smoke tho
 he threw away my weed and bowl but its all good i got a one time pass greatful blessed
 so if we have any green activistfeminists  we assmple a trucker army its legal and smoke them out
 @mbta theres a burning smell on the platform at central  smokey as well.
 and smoke 23 blunts before we go 
 that ass with the weed at the same time  @ washington park  milwaukee 
 all i do is smoke weed covered in my double gz 
 charcuterie plate dried saucisson  smoked duck breast  pickled beef tongue  souse  apple 
 its so sad that cigs r all i can smoke
 second hand smoke
 lmao just found out my lil cousin smoke weed
 no   you like weed but you hate poor people  its real 
 three tablespoons of hemp seeds supply eleven grams of easily assimilated protein. if youre 
 it be takin me two hours to get up and smoke
 why you flexing boy you dont want know smoke
 i wish someone would smoke me up lmao
 if you smoke the right weed you wont be lazy
 i need someone to smoke with 
 smoking weed while looking at a swamp and smelling eggs
 cant wait to smoke a blunt when i get off 
 who wanna get smoked out on feb.14
 boul smokes one time and doesnt know how to act 
 8ball free smoke 
 lazy ass weedmans 
 me   leo   hotel room   coronasampamp weed ...oh yeaaah
 i feel like i need to go smoke some crack after being in this room
 my manager let me smoke in her car
 in really about to go out of my way to buy a red bull bc this weed gmfu
 i drove through this area in the pitch black last night and definitely smelled the thick smoke. 
 they really burnt all that weed
 lol nah i get money and smoke mary jane 
 i guess ill smoke and watch a movie until i get sleepy  im glad im off tomorrow
 her weed gone
 spicegirls2017  i. smoke spice
 @nygovcuomo marijuana is a gateway drug when it is sold by people who want to sell stronger drugs.thinkspeak
 idk why but i have strong urges to play wolvdoomvergil in mvc3  urienguileakuma in sfv. smoke in mkx. batmang in inj  jago in ki
 patricks trying to convince me that smoking marijuana is just as bad as smoking cigarettes..... 
 the world so fucked up right now im just smoking weed watching it unfold
 fake news. twitter needs to weed this out 
 weather is so fantastic today in mooresville i decided to splurge with ribs on the smoker.
 can you be allergic to weed
 if it smells like weed. excuse me
 dont smoke and poke
 @wuccitwotimes omm . mfs dont smoke flavors .
 got sisal hemphills rugs amp carpets offers a wide selection for install or area rugs 
 if i had no choice but to smoke outside all the time i would just quit... being cold isnt fun tbh
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 3002 howard park ave  bulk trash 
 @siemenswhistleb there were 3 growstores when i first moved here  all 3 closed  i think its all in the big mmj plan. smoke but no grow.
 @bsommerland holy smokes id move to canada if i could the process 
 this nigga ceelogreen smoked hella meth with fergie before the grammys
 i. love. the. chain. smokers.
 feel like cruella de vil when i smoke extendos lol
 i can see if i was fuckin this nigga the most we did was smoke together 
 its bullshit they are trying to weed out rock music idiots. grammys  
 tryna smoke rn but no bud 
 does the @aflacduck know who stil smokes cigarettes in their cars because those who do are your problem still. giv 
 somebody come smoke the gas today im fucing lit 
 hi this is snapchat and i just wanted ask why is its so fun to cut and past weed nugs everywhere
 i have to remember  my weed is for my mental health. its a medicine. if i run out  im fucked.
 cuomo opposes legal weed  while helping his alcohol industry donors @alternet 
 red velvet whoopie with sour cream  cream cheese buttercream  and smoked 
 last night i had to smoke a cigerette in my seat at the @barclayscenter because theres not a smoking section stopprofiling
 @lebatardshow  phlegm  giggling on air  and constantly eating fried foods leaves only one option.  stugotz is blazing the weed. 420
 i need a good ass weed man 
 sb1119 new as introduced  enacts the medical cannabis access act.  amends tca title 4  chapter 29 title 4  ... 
 @dutchindian i dislike the smell of smoke. i also find government regs preventing smoking in private places abhorrent.
 ew @ people who try n talk shit about weed and people who smoke it then all of a sudden love it and are the biggest pot heads ever
 mmmm... this is my best hummus yet i made it with fresh kale and toasted hemp hearts. hummus 
 juniper smoke by sadia ash is coming to a theater near you 1click your copy today     . 
 she knew kanye was on that ass. lmao. she aint want no smoke. 
 when i smoke this blunt imma fuckin forget yo dog ass
 somebody take me to the weed man so i can buy some weed   get both of us high   then convince you to stop so we can get food amp
 @abake15 @realjoeykessler joey why did u rt this u always smoke
 from agn  medical marijuana reforms clear new mexico senate  
 we have 35.7 left in 4th hempfield leads manheim central 3530. knights all
 my brother what would u rather do do drugs  smoke weed  or smoke cannabis
 scrubbing this wax off my dryer that my ex used to smoke on is reaallyy making me hate him all over again 
 somebody smoke with me 
 i have not stopped telling maggie how i havent smoked all day until now bc smoking
 plans for valentines day .... smoke a couple ls and play 2k 
 i cant start this second season of nisekoi  someone smoke or something w me 
 update finna smoke a blunt
 i set my smoke detector off at least once a week wifeme
 smoking on gas with a bad bitch weed so strong i can smell it through the plastic
 i just want to smoke a personal and take a bath i cant do this rn
 same and i dont even smoke 
 homeboy just asked if im selling weed right in front of the 711 cashier bc i bought a backwood
 i wanted her. but she doesnt like the life that i lead. doesnt like sand stuck on her feet or sitting around smoking weed. innerspeaker
 fuck dude this train be taking sweet ass time like i aint tryna go smoke or some shit
 i got weeed to smoke in the morning 
 i smoke in her face and i cant even hide it @kenshintravis 
 fuck the day i met you  im smoking all this weed to forget you 
 sometimes i miss the air force  then im like but weed
 doj warned white house that flynn was vulnerable to blackmail ... then wh fires doj atty. smoke fire feckin fire 
 fuck the day that i met you  im smoking all of this weed babyyy just to forget you 
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked
 dont remember one day when a nigga aint smoke. if i aint have a lighter best believe i used the stove
 getting her butt ate by smokey the bear this nigga burnt out 
 iii just wanna smoke some herb
 and then hoop at 24 after and smoke
 put on my tanning oil amp bailey proceeds to tell me the room smells like marijuana... then she looked at the bottle 
 cali weed got me on something  caliweed bestbud smokerscelebration 
 im thinkin im sliding my 2.25 under the window and i accidentally slid the arab a bag of weed
 someone help me out and hook me up w 2 ganja white nightboogie t tix at the concord @chicagoedmfam
 im not really a smoker but that time me  phonzo  charles  amp toni smoked amp we just kept laughing  
 i might smoke alot but ill never fein for it to the point where i gotta spend my last dollar on it
 i wanna cruise  smoke some weed and jam to music rn
 can you smoke and ride like a playa like me
 @amilly88 weed amp laundry ish right here 
 sometimes cigarettes bore me so much that i forget to smoke them
 @humanfunction finna smoke my black and listen to you spazz g 
 tryna be sittin in my living room with my boo and best friend smokin my weed being happy af.
 lets just chill out and smoke all day
 free smoke  
 when people put grams on deck on social media  i automatically dont trust you and your weed probably trash 
 my energy been way different ever since i stopped smoking weed.
 im way too stingy with my weed 
 sousvide smoked salmon for dinner  tonight. 
 all of these girls are talking about valentines and im over here like roll my weed up keep my d up
 who wants to smoke with my girls and i in tacoma
 the weed brownie my brother gave me fiyaaaaaa 
 cool cuz my weed in my backpack  so ill stay calm until further notice
 hb1298 engross to amend the arkansas medical marijuana amendment of 2016 and to authorize the transfer of a li... 
 breaking in the walmart hikers for the easy level hard hike  also so smokenbrew1 for the 
 i feel so drained man .. im just going to smoke this l for everyone thats gotten on my nerves today ..
 why nobody down to smoke with me
 warning about weed laced with opiates turns out to be a false alarm. news 5 @wews at 11pm. 
 my valentine will kiss my lips  then ill blow out smoke. maryjane
 @codemasterflexx lol got fired cuz my car smelled like weed
 gunna watch el chema  then smoke a blunt n then knock out 
 theres a strong smoke odour at the south end of the nqrw platforms at tsq42. smoke too. potential track fire
 vote out the worst weed strain the next 15 will move onto the next round this will be updated 
 the @thechainsmokers need to chain smoke their way to lung cancer so we dont have to hear their trash remixes anymore.
 keep watching amp cracking up. @jxmmi is singing  dancing  filming himself  amp smoking weed at the same time. thats getting shit done in 2017
 im tryna smoke a fat l
 malik needs to come smoke me out . i need to get high 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 i ran from my problems amp smoke away my pain. its not healthy but it works.
 if a nigga want smoke my nigga unkey on the way
 god my brothers weed gets me high so fast. its destroys my throat too 
 @badboydazy this could be yours smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  
 new @swishersweets banana  smash now available @hilifesmokeshop @ hilife smoke amp vapor shop 
 i hope the weed man up bcuzzzzzz
 tastes a bit like weed... haha...eh eh eh... hahaha  drinking a hop disciples 2017 at @townhallohc  
 someone get me a half for when im off work and ill smoke you out fat
 having an allergic reaction to the weed i smoked was just the cherry i needed to top off this monday 
 she know she dont smoke  why she playing
 gun smoke spark up nigga
 to smoke or not too smoke
 i wish i had some weed in my system because im about to 2 seconds from flipping my shit ...
 the fuck its legal to smoke where im at so idgaf if kids present 
 one retweet and ill smoke a blunt
 fascinating to think about  possibilities of sound and smoke having similar spatial qualities in minds of grecorom 
 i just wanna lay in the dark smoke a blunt and listen to lyfe 268192 
 one time i tonged kissed a girl who smoke cigarettes amp that was so terrible bruh
 holy smokes  @mattiseman wins celebapprentice and hes coming @wiseguysutah this saturday  congrats matt 
 have to wait till 9 to smoke w my friend
 im getting high af tomorrow  weed is the only thing that loves me back.
 no ones got me like weedmaps got me  
 the odds n ends fried green  blt with pimento  and deviled with smoked trout roe 
 lol seeing scrubs with baddies kills me.... the smoke show thats coming into my life oh mannn i dont even think im ready 
 ive been waiting 20 minutes outback for brooke to get off work so we can go smoke 
 anthony goes to hempfield but goes to central games hmmm 
 i really wanna quit smoking weed 
 bemynativevalentine so we can quote smoke signals to each other all day
 my momma just asked me do my job drug test   dawg just ask me do i smoke 
 i feel like being childish but im just gonna go smoke  eat then sleep 
 jock line it was a time when people smoked inside  around children. @kiis1065 @gordiewaters setting up a throwback from 92. radiobaw
 dog hair is forever in my weed 
 unlikelyemergencies ive run out of weed
 ive never once been in my buildings elevator without it smelling like either fries or weed
 heres my new playlist  music to smoke resin to 
 smart kids that smoke weed   honor roll
 just wanna go take a hot shower. smoke a couple blunts. eat. do the nasty and tapppppp
 if you in vegas  link up wit it amp smoke tonight 
 what came first liking sublime or smoking weed
 i just wanna shower  smoke  and get in bed to cuddle. 
 damn  that girl is a smoke show tho... 
 yall know any fit niggas that smoke weed asking for a friend.
 honestly just want to smoke and go to bed. sounds like a plan 
 @yuhyuhyuh @dadbodgary @ddanielsen she mustve smoked some good cali weed before she picked out that outfit.
 just got off work  time to smoke some kush and watch the new lego batman movie
 @daleinnis where there is smoke  there is fire.
 i really be needing to smoke to fall asleep smh 
 fuck school i was on that time to pay bills shit 2 pounds of weed and quarter brick to the mill ticket now thats a hella flip
 now i just heard him say smoke one 
 @nymag everybodys smoking cannabis now.
 my goodness  who will share this @ the heartsillsinclair fan club meeting sat.  1030 a.m.  smokey row in pleasan 
 abv 6.2 aroma forestry hops. taste  kind of a weak smoked... grampus smoked nut brown  photo
 who got an oil rig  i got 10 grams of shatter ready to be smokeddddd
 her name is sally yates and she knew there was fire where there was smoke 
 lol so blessed to have a boyfriend who loves to smoke just as much as i do
 veterans explain what weed does for their ptsd . thanks to cannabis  andrew said  im able 
 one time i accidentally brought some weed to school and it fell outta my pocket and some lil bih was like teacher 
 its the wrong holiday but weed can do that to you 
 dont trust people that dont know what strain their weed is or mix two different strains in a grinder together. or people that lace
 @wajahatali where theres smoke....
 lol  lol   i heard the bo. hanging out with his red rich buddy out boating and literally getting high him and m.o i knew he hid smoked
 offering rentabae services. comes with a bottle of wine  weed and a foot rub. dm for other a la carte items and packages.
 me at hempfest lmfao 
 i smoke all the dope you cant smoke no dope ha ha  i bought all the clothes you cant buy no clothes ha ha
 i wish i could do this but the only voice i can impersonate is an 80 year old who smokes 3 packs a day 
 wtf texas i just wanted to smoke a blunt and go running
 if youre pregnant and drink  smoke  do drugs  you dont deserve to have a baby
 so is anyone trying to smoke tomorrow 
 cant smoke weed amp not listen to  @wizkhalifa
 i just wanna smoke so the pain will go away 
 in all my days i will never forget tonight  the night mair asked me to cut my weed catnip
 a weed 
 i smoked the devils lettuce yesterday 
 lsu is looking for medical marijuana farmers  and here we go.... lsu bout to get lit
 dont be distracted by the smoke and mirrors. we are still winning maga
 our smoke detector went off  it was the scariest thing ever
 if i didnt smoke id really be blanking on niggas  but im too chill for that
 there should be a hotline that new weed smokers can call whenever they smoke 2 much and start freaking themselves out
 i smoke too much to clear the river of my thoughts. and i aint from chicago but i do not fuck with thots.
 you are what you smoke james 
 i literally got an eighth of blue dream sitting in my room and i dont smoke. happy valentines day errbody
 forget how she smokes  whats good w. her lashes  
 @ananavarro too much smoke not to have fire.
 rain today means weeds tomorrow. learn how to save yourself the pain in carpediem @kfox14 liveonkfox in 5 minutes.
 all ur brain cells rottin from weed. u feel like if u aint got it ur lifes not as complete. u having sex with every mothafukin body you see
 @antillious @producergirl no  i just wanted a cigar to smoke at cobourg
 nothing quite like laying in bed about to fall asleep amp getting a nice wiff of weed from the vent above u 
 @apbryan9156 you gotta come smoke with me and @thoughtless one of these days my g
 bob dylan introduced the beatles to good weed is he god
 west virginia smoked this game
 tomorrow i just want a bottle of hennessy and some weed to share with my main bitches
 holy god my neighbors need to lay off the weed. my apartment smells like a pink floyd concert
 @ovoxoscar its not so bad lol depends how much you smoke and what you smoking on lol helps me stay focus tbh
 i wonder what would happen if i feed my dad a weed brownie without him knowing.
 maybe if i smoked instead of drank i could chill tf out instead of introspecting
 these last two tables need to leave tho  im just trying to smoke and take my ass to the gym 
 if i havent smoked with you   you arent really my friend sorry not sorry . except one person
 scoop me and smoke this l
 suboxone and weed  what a sad day
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 2900 block of se 64th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000013523 2029 pdx911
 bbq in the mouth.  drinking  the big smoke by @monkeypawbrew at @monkeypawbrew    photo
 i stay giving kali weed
 if you got good pussy and willing to let me smoke you out we belong together
 get you a nigga who smells like weed
 @kylemccaskey of course not.  bears  ranked 1. yogi 2. smokey the 3. berenstein 4. teddy grahams 5. bad news 6. bryant 7. chicago
 so this bitch got morphine but no weed 
 @jasoninthehouse hopefully this resignation tells you where theres smoke there is fire. please push for bipartisan investigation.
 i swear niggas think weed is the key to getting all girls to fw em.. like no  that shit dont excite me. 
  all i care about is money and the city that im from . imma sip til i feel it imma smoke til its done ..  
 i smoke grammys on a daily
 feeling the urge to smoke 
 just found all my baby photo albums. holy smokes  pics to come later. be prepared to laugh
 so today was my first time buying from a dispensary and i dont even smoke but when i got home i opened the bottle and it was empty 
 i want to smoke
 they have @funkybuddhabrew lastsnow sooooo good @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  clearwater  fl 
 can i get my goddam va pension now and free weed  god bless america @abc
 come and smoke 1 
 congress investigated benghazi  whitewater  etc  and those were wisps of scandal compared to smoke billowing out of trumpland right now.
 flynn resigns. neverheardofhim dont care. this is just smoke and mirrors for the msm mad dogs. still winning maga
 i support  recreational amp medicinal marijuana to be grown in nj to keep our farmers amp related businesses working in nj
 i will never date a guy who smokes cigarettes ever
 let me just smoke this mini blunt
 i just admired my sack of weed like it was my valentine.
 layin in bed and ur sweatshirt smells like smoke grosss
 smokin weed ridin fast like this shit not illegal 
 im jus tryna smoke...  but im too cold to get up and grab the goodies
 @dajonna bitch i dont know what for you better smoke a fucking blunt and keep it fucking moving 
 tell me why i walk into my brothers and sister room to leave her beauty blender i cleaned  and it smells like weed. girl if my mom walks in
 ughhh someone come smoke with me
 any drug other than weed i dont fw and this is exactly why seeing ppl trip out aint for me.
 do you smile weed  dont be ashamed  it aint no thang  i use to blow trees  getting lifted .
 do you smoke weed  dont be ashamed  it aint no thang  i use to blow trees  getting lifted .
 @esotericsunn weed but thats not the point i
 im so stressed my eyes were red today and ppl asked me if i have been smoking weed
 i want to smoke marijuana
 kinda wanna smoke kinda wanna dont
 @thebigeasy58 probably wouldve been a great idea. smoked the house out had to open all the doors. ill give it a shot next go around. 
 weedvision stonercouples @coyotacowynwood security just told my girl she couldnt smoke a cig while im smokin a blunt security real mvp
 @nanenotmer how was that weed
 @samanda133 fr he always asking me to smoke him out lol
 @thenamesjeffrey oh now you wanna smoke 
 your every day life honestly revolves around marijuana no matter what.
 maybe u wouldnt treat me like shit everyday if you just smoked a joint once in a while
 @slimbrownskin mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @plague3000 mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @xlexxxxxx mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @cameraricoo mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @juicykisses mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 i used to do that just not smoke it lmaoo 
 @cta nothing about the fire or whatever that smoke was at the chicago red line this morning
 ill just smoke my brain out later after class .
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike
 i smoke to reminisce about the old days  find peace in the clouds 
 v upset to find out kal penn and john cho werent even high for any of the harold and kumar movies... hakgtwc started my enamoring with weed
 good ass lil day lol minus the fact that my weed not here yet 
 @destineemilian become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 @wendellwobble are you guys aware of the issue with smokes on which they silhouette depending on the surface they land 
 i just need to smoke or something. ease my nerves.
 i dont have a criminal record all my life or smoke drugs at all or drink i dont have habits not even if drugs in my hand at all
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 even smoking weed is killing people now a days... smh.
 firefighters visited the grade 2s today parents  make sure your smoke and co detectors are working firesafety 
 @cosmicosmo hahaha smoke weied every day 420 421 422 im so excited for paradise plaza im so proud of u guys
 ice for the bong so my smoke is chill.
 been smoking so much weed  my shits turning green
 i need someone i can smoke and vibe with.
 breaking. passengers at iah taken off a united airlines flight to fl after smoke reported in cockpit. no injuries 
 nice way to celebrate valentines day when you have kids grubhub from fat bobs smokehouse 
 i smoke 2 joints before i smoke 2 joints then i smoke 2 more
 fuckin leaned out coked out smoked out and feelin good hoe with the bro bouta meet up with some side hoes happy valentines 
 really tryna smoke my life away 
 u see im gettin money know u wanna be my bro now  wanna sip lean wanna smoke dope now 
 thatll do nicely happy valentines day world @ tonys smoke shack 
 its been awhile since ive smoked 
 im at bp in south hempstead  ny  
 home for moar weed nd back for animated 
 whats everyone doing lets go out for a smoke and a drink or two and a smoke
 @vheffa @chrisbrunet i think thats what people call me  plus you guys have weed  so im down
 so my friend came up to me and hes like im getting a weed of ounce my 13 year old cousin telling me about a guy from his school.
 someone smoke this joint with me
 sos someone help me find weed 
 ive probably smoked more than 50 blunts in the past 2 days.
 this nigga better not bring me some fruity because im going to be hella mad lmfao. only accepting marijuana
 i like good weed  i like bad bitches that can roll it up  and a rider thats gone hold me down no matter what 
 lets smoke and fuck our problems away
 amp if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you.
 my apartment complex smells like weed and in n out
 sb187 new residency exemption marijuana educationbased occupational license 
 yeahhh  i know your baby momma fond of me. all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli.
 people r dying everyday in rochester from heroin..... why cant u just smoke weed and chill
 good weed  white wine...
 nigga its rainin bout to go smoke up nd finish writin this song
 im not going to @ anybody   just smoke me out  
 trying smoke an wood w my mans malik @maliksaxton
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 being a medicinal marijuana user in no way makes me a danger to my child. end of story.
 @farcognitions @soulbits @pnguyencong @destinytourney @an00bisgaming does tthis apply to nightstalker smoke
 big weed  big blunts  big ashes
 fuck outta here spending all yall money on weed but aint eating
 rand paul always looks like he combed his hair with a weed eater.
 girls who dont smoke  drink  party every weekend  sleep around  or start drama for attention. they are the true ladies
 why cant  twitter weed out fake twitter accounts cant they verify real users from parody accounts come on twitter. they are useless
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 i just wanna smoke 
 @voxdotcom weeds podcast russian intro today made me laugh tragically after a very bad day  so thanks for that
 just ate another weed brownie
 the white smoke was never black has disappeared  but was very visible for the better part of 5 minutes. 
 i hate jokers and weed smokers too 
 turning the grand daughters onto willie tonight  pot smoke smell supplied from grandpa on the back deck 
 in the mood to cuddle  smoke a blunt  an just talk about life.
 boutta smoke ...
 22 a day...... ive had over 100 reasons to kill myself. refuse to do it. im old now and basically chain smoke anyway   lol.
 @dreamsgenetic @complex check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @cannabist this tweet reminded me of some work i did marijuana wedding collection via @zazzle 
 @yasmeenjuarez lmfao she almost burnt our house down and we had to evacuate our home bc it was full of smoke 
 so... did you smoke it 
 @haylazyla didnt you just see me at speedway why didnt you say that to me your delusional asf meth lol i think ill stick to my weed. 
 this woman on my team looks  similar to catherine zeta jones  smokes weed and i get a gay vibe from her. could i be in luck we shall see.
 getting dick is great  dont get me wrong. but sometimes i just wanna chill wit a really dooe guy amp smoke
 bout to only smoke papers
 i will never smoke in break again. i woke up with the worst attitude.
 how bad do you want to smoke right now i dont know giant talking cigarette
 somebody pull up and smoke
 legalise hemp to beat the inane war on drugs and climate change @momalive 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 say whats the nigga @ for hurtbae im trying to smoke one with that nigga.
 a bunch a niggas got smoked for they cash used to ride greyhounds wit dime hoes who stuffed the coke in they ass
 this job might be a great fit for you class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 see our latest dover  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer...  
 @duneinkaty lol you need some marijuana slugs like the hov slugs on the old i10
 this guy is rlly tryna tell me about his cannabis fishing empire.
 why would you ever smoke a ghost pepper. why. 
 white people sell weed illegally and are praise for starting a business but a colour person would be seen as a 
 here you go @nfl...put that in your pipe amp smoke it 
 operator cya later operation special ops cops blue is a peace of metal u get guns people dont you smoke us for laws that keep us down bitch
 somebody just wait outside of 1551 anacostia avenue and smoke the whole family 
 when you got nothin to do just smoke one or two and take the time to listen to an album beginning to end.
 my sister baby daddy gave some weed yesterday but i still dont like his ass
 want some more weed 
 trinityturnerlive performing live at glamour girls february 23rd25th... 14428 hempstead 
 me and her gotta smoke asap 
 while you catch them feel  imma smoke this propane
 i need some weed for this road trip 
 in my mind she blew the smoke in his face has she took her a long pull and smirked after she finished exhaling. 
 west coast benedict with smoked salmon and avocado eggsbenedict smokedsalmon @ pinnacle hotel 
 hey a year ago today @cjparish52 said lets fuck her up when he found out i had never smoked and now hes one of my best friends 
 i just wanna smoke tbh
 its 65 degrees out and my grandma still smokes weed downstairs making the whole house reek 
 the smoked butterscotch drink is delicious. @ starbucks 
 im trynna smoke a blunt and walk through the aquarium
 you dont want smoke with my gang  @austinwillis2 @ckilla24 
 this weed smell so good
 my car smell like gas. i hate it. not weed but gasoline.
 me and kam got hella weedpraying this smell dont come out while we in the car with my mama. i wrapped it in hella stuff
 this the best time to smoke i swear
 the best ribs youll eat @ klemms smoke haus 
 jfk planned on legalizing marijuana in his second term and then lee harvey oswald had to go and fuck things up for 
  @ smokeeaters 
 @anamontanaa the best remedie for weed and alcohol  equals warm coffee
 do u think he will finally realize i hate when he smokes or do i have to try harder 
 a smoke and ill feel better
 holy smokes  
 i really gotta drive my mom rn and i just smoked in my car like 5 mins ago. wtf is my life
 adversity will always weed out the fakes
 time to smoke this dutch and enjoy the rain
 when i smoke with you                         ill be gone too soon                               well be on the moon  ill reach out 4 u
 @saucyystoned when you smell like weed in public 
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 happy birthday to this beautiful girl  wow is my girlfriend a smoke show or what  
 our goji hemp snackers are crunchy little numbers that are perfect for onthego snacking. 
 fete de bouchere @chefjohnfolse smoked pork tamale yum @slowmotion4meat 
 drinking a chain smoker smoked porter  barrel aged by @thetgbnews@cyclebrewing @ mana wynwood   photo
 @cheyrosem growing up around heavy use of alcohol  i laugh at the fact that weed is revered as harmful and gateway building  ya ok drink up
 @lesaritaah dont like to smoke them swishers hoe
 lets smoke like 5 blunts rn
 what kind of weed are you smoking weed has never made me slow or dumb. as matter of fact ive become more efficient 
 brisket @ 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter park  fl 
 why is there weed crumbs all over me i dont even have weed rn
 420 @ dr. green relief las vegas marijuana doctors in las vegas  nv 
 i stay with my own tree amp money. never thirsty for a smoke out
 just how mainstream is marijuana theres now a congressional cannabis caucus.  hsgovchat
 so fresh u can see the smoke 
 should president trump continue the federal govts hands off policy on marijuana which has allowed the legal sale in 27 states.
 alright  if i die....you cant smoke all my weed.
 smells like weed hints of mango... tropical torpedo  photo
 i remember when you couldnt even smoke shit  couldnt stay focused
 @missnatalienunn i gain so much weight from my son i need help losing pounds for my weeding help
 thank god weed is legal here jijiji
 rumblings national guard fake memo was ploy to smoke out the leaker 
 @itsmekaydubb presents  my weed  stream and download my weed by @itsmekaydubb produced by 
 dad is a dill weed
 yo boyfriend dont let you have friends damn im just tryna smoke aint tryna bust a nut me 
 my sister left me in charge of her pot do i smoke it
 lets smoke
 bitch we smoke n on fats thp on his azz lol on d nigga we flex on d bitchs  gang
 i literally wanted a sucker so bad cuz everyone had them until i realized they were edible marijuana suckers lol
 that blunt i smoked earlier knocked me out and im so awake rn
 i wanna smoke but im too depressed to get up and get my vape pen  wow  that may be the most goth thing ive ever said
 can someone smoke a bowl out of my ass is that possible
 i feel like i will never get the smoke smell out of my hair 
 i will not date someone that smokes weed point blank.
 lets just curl up smoke a blunt and let me play with your hair
 im buying groceries confused af bc i smell weed after like 20 min i find weed in my hair  wow shay
 @izascw whens the last time you smoked
 the guys should come over and smoke hookah with me today
 found a piece of weed in my dreads...ima honorary rasta now..
 your not a real smoker if you cannot support your habit 
 almost every college student has a weed budget. 
 when new neighbor brings fruit basket and asks how they can help pass the med marijuana bill  you know youve moved to right neighborhood
 i could get really used to this turner alley plum grove smoked porter 
 all i do is smoke and homework 
 i stay having this dumb ass smoker cough
 @chocolatasha oh okay boo well me and jess down for smoke sess
 i dont buy my man cologne  i buy him loud ass weed
 nicely smoked. great full flavors thanks  @tavour  drinking a beast moans @ casa de broz   photo
 i need to smoke.
 jrue holiday  ad amp cousins.. holy smokes that big 3 is wild 
 about to smoke the rest of this l and go to bed 
 i usually smoke by myself  so when i get high w other people its awkward for me  lmao.
 fuck round get smoked 
 wide awake at 2am should probably smoke to pass back out 
 ifl road to el dorado. ol chel is dumb thick  nigga got sprung off one touch  they smoke and got el tivo drunk af the first night
 water  acv  then weed. in that order otherwise that acv will keep this look on ya face  all day. 
 i ran out of weed for the week and its only monday  i just reup on thursday
 she from the hood ya all she smoke is swishers
 see our latest loretto  pa job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer...  
 i have the memory of an elephant  but i smoke like a chimney  so it lasts like a fish
 @thinkprogress of course not but milo isnt con in the traditional sense. i hope true cons can weed out and redirect the altright movement.
 still amazes me how so many people at my school smoke weed but im the only one who gets punished for it.
 @bengsolis smoke nigga we agreed it smelt like smoke ...
 @cannabisbiznews weed is miles safer than beer .. so any drunk criticising weed should just stfu ..
 all i ever do is smoke  i been high for the past 3 months kmsl
 them i can watch anime and i can cosplay all i want its who i am also them oh you smoke weed you must be a thug
 when i smoke crack i put it in peta so its healthy @jimgaffigan
 i need a new weedman dawg smh
 @thatschoolcraft smoked fish dip and crackers at the bottom of the us braggingonmytrip andmyhoney 
 almost done with this shift.. cant wait to smoke a bowl n finish writing this song when i get home 
 lol when people take pictures of my weed they make it look so beautiful  compared to when i take pics
 im tryna chill and smoke
 i used to smoke pot with john hopkins
 smoking weed becomes an issue when you cant get a good job because your pee dirty.
 i literally have been in my feelings all day today and i just wanna smoke a blunt and vibe out to some music preferably a boogie ion kno why
 richard nixon wrote a letter to public colleges telling them to pull all information on hemp from your libraries.
 holy smokes  two extremely close polls in this one. latest poll winners robert plant rod stewart kurt cobain roy orbison
 my girl gets mad every time i smoke out a bowl bc she said it looks like how i prolly used to suck my ex bfs dick  im so weak.
 most of us  smoke that loud kush so we stand out
 on my dead homie niggas dont want smoke with me
 i know a weed dealer that sells weed at the gas station that the police hang out at
 i have never smoked weed a day in my life 
 i just got weed in my eye
 shes smoke 
 but wheres the weed   fake ass drug dealers   @ me though
 @evansvillewatch how bad is it i can see smoke but no flames or anything
 yeah. n dis nigga sayin weed is a waste of time when it helped odeeee in saving my life shit got me heated 
 every time this ugly devil kick the door the smoke detectors start chirping
 @benmaller @dannygradio @eddieonfox @uhbroncofan vlade better hope he doesnt end up in prison. hed trade his left arm for a pack of smokes
 i really could go for a smoke despite not.
 @jhey0019 @tengop thats possible. tell us whats really going on. where theres smoke there is usually fire.
 free smoke free smoke
 i told him i didnt want weed then this nigga tells me okay then get dressed so we can go to the movies 
 you could be a dime but if you smoke cigs youre an 8 to me
 its it common for someones weed to smell like coffee lol thats what im smelling but ik its not coffee 
 just a friendly reminder to everyone that cannabis is an exit  not a gateway.   
 we are not the biggest smoke shop yet but we started off in a closet  shout to all my day 
 im shaky  nervous sad  and scared af i need to smoke a blunt.
 why isnt recreational marijuana legal in las vegas is it not sinful enough for the city of sin 
 the main point of this course is... dont smoke pot while on your way to a delivery  you are not kid cannabis 
 theres a weed plant by ferguson and i will find that hoe
 me later when i smoke these blunts 
 so to the low life nigga who stole my money for weed  fuckyou
 chain smoker by chance is amazing man
 i walk into city and emma goes  hey do you want a cookie with weed in it so tonight is sick.
 i dont smoke it just dont fit me
 hemp field  57. twp 53.  hemp ball. 34 ticksllhoops @andybrackets
 basically  hemp went on a 10  2 run in ot.  lights out..congrats to @hhshoops
 yeah i feel ya niggas think they smokin just cuz you brought some weed around 
 i smoke the loud loud loud up in hollywood
 i need ganja a nigga need some sleep tonight.
 found a small as roach so i used tweezers to smoke it 
 ppl only hmu to smoke smh smh 
 ive lowkey been trying to smoke lately lmao
 i cant remember the last time i got drunk amp didnt smoke. i dont smell like ass and i can breathe normally. i like this. dont give me a cig
 wanna smoke 
 nobody smokes molly nigga what are you talking about 
 my mac charger has been on the fritz. usually i can jiggle it to work. but tonight the wire split  caught fire  and smoked out in my hand.
 its feels good to have your own place amp just be able to smoke blunts in bed with your friends.
 peopel who smoke cigs still disgust me
 i just want to smoke amp drink until the suns out
 he said stop smoking weed n use crack its more organic  thats why im sick huh 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 39.32n 76.62w  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 537 n mount st  debris dumped on s 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 mmm nothing primo smoke to start the day  man...    
 kelson do you think like dogs or apes could take over us.. mr.piippo kelson...did you smoke this morning for breakfast or something
 wednesday special vegetarian mushroom burger with coleslaw and carolina gold. soup smoked tomato. scottish ale is 
 i didnt even have enough time to smoke before class
 @thehill this guy @joenbc  aint serious. he cant be.  im seeing what he sees so i know hes blowing yellowish smoke out of his a.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1910 frederick avenue baltimore  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 311 south stricker street baltimore  send mes 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 juicy joose james okeefe about to smoke cnn tells hannity hes set to release hundreds of hours of newsroom footage wikileaks style.
 smh quickest way to get smoked  
 if you ask yo weed man wat it smoke likewhat you got and he say its some heat run dont buy that shit
 grandfather lights cigarette in the car  second hand smoke is bulshit anyway 
 just hanging out and advocating for a smokefree generation in minnesota @heartassocmn 
  if you smoke cigarettes . .ion fw you .
 this job might be a great fit for you class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 i just cant grasp the concept of how some people prioritize smoking weed over getting a job 
 @cashmoneycanada i saw fucking c sign at your store call it crack money like what you smoke bitch 
 @scicoalition @harvard illness cannot be attributed to smoking bcz ppl who dont smoke have the same symptoms. but u are specialists @lying.
 im at fresh grocer and an old woman deadass dropped her weed on the floor in line
 consistency  self awareness  intelligence  weed.
 wanna smoke about it 
 cute texts from bae come smoke this joint first before you go to work
 going southwest  smoked bbq ribs w baked beans  a side of collard  greens and lime rice  
 i need a spot to have a smoke session at
 me and @briannalynn421 always set the fucking smoke detector off.
 i always think of i where to get a qp would i smoke it or flip it 
 so i told myself i cant smoke this blunt untill i do 100 squats 
 creamy smoked salmon alfredo food dinner 
 i just wanna drive around n chain smoke sum blunts w somebody
 if i find out you smoke cigarettes  ill drop you quicker than you can blink an eye
 all i want is pussy and some smoke
 kuzy with an uzi  nice laser beam baby short side smoker @kuzya92
 if there was a race war i want to smoke gilbert gottfried cause of his voice.
 this @reptrentfranks who actually believes nukes could be hidden inside marijuana bundles amp smuggled across the bor 
 and i aint smoke yet  im just comin down from this
 @usatodaycontain disrespectful display of intimate body parts  weed  sexually dysfunctional confusedpeopleamp illegal criminals in colorado
 chain smokers and coldplay  doesnt get much better than this
 bouta smoke 1  then take it down..
 damn i need to smoke
 i am so fucking angry. i need to fucking smoke
 just smoked two joints but dont call me doublejointed 
 i found a bag of weed lol
 if i smoked tonight would most definitely be the night id be getting high 
 got suspended for skipping class to smoke weed senior yr and ran back to class to say to free me but got dragged 
 in 6th grade i said italian dunkers with a side of marijuana instead of marinara over the intercom for morning 
 when you cant smoke all week bc you have to pay your bills  broke reality
 if i could just smoke weed and watch its always sunny all day every day i would never ever ever complain
 i get home and my roommates are like i got some weed if you want some and im just like 
 i want a chick who smoke nd just all for me
 chris brown smokes so many cigarettes 
 how exactly thick is train smoke 
 i heard my breath watching this cause that battery smoke looks like itll straight up kill you 
 smoking weed is much nicer when you dont have to leave your bed
 woke upon a bad mood  but gonna smoke a few bowls to forget about it
 i been praying w a reefer head
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 498502 w madison st  
 the same pharma companies that reported that marijuana cause all kinds of mental problems we now bring you vaccines pharmalies
 peoples reactions when i tell them i didnt move to colorado for weed is priceless
 welcome to osu where you see a smoke show of a girl and you never see her again 
 this is old  but folks were upset about him smoking weed while im like wtf up w that flag @kingtunsil78 you ok 
 when u smoke with me  
 drinking a smokey the mountain bear by @thirstybearbrew at @scmbrewing  
 i wish i could just openly smoke on campus . nice day out
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 701 denison street baltimore  
 they coming for everybody. illegal aliens with brain tumors  refugees  trans kids  pot smokers. everybody
 lunch blog applewood smoked marinated fillet mignon my own rub  ill pass out after this foodcoma lunch 
 trump admin catering to forprofit prisons so marijuana crackdown to fill those cells minorities will be targeted 
 whenever i smell weed on the street i suddenly perk up i dont know why oh my god do i have a problem  wheres the weed why no one sharing
 idc my smoke playlist is so gotdamn peaceful
 need weed in the valley amp of course my rec is expired smh
 @600breezy where can i get the dont get smokes instrumental 
 what the hell does weed have to deal with anything smh
 mr officer didnt want no smoke foo
 who else wants to see hickenlooper and trump in a cage match to the death over legal weed
 legal cannabis is a job creator so gop will probably want to outlaw it. 
 people who smoke cigs are freakin disgusting 
 carrollton weed is 
 @wunderground wutv  i want to put weed and feed on my lawn on galveston island. are we past any chance of a freeze
 .@realdonaldtrump leave our weed alone  puto.
 ignoring states rights  threats of greater enforcement of rec marijuana laws  california 
 @sensanders @elizabethforma @repjohnlewis @tulsipress @kamalaharris congressional marijuana reform needed right now. 
 @ianxdavid crazy thing is my dad smoked em too. honest to god. the smell of them drives me nuts.
 lqt i just spit tea across the smokey bones im sitting in. luckily the bartender is a dear old friend.
 like they all told their story they looked at me and i said...i only smoke weed.... lmaoo the most aawwkkk shit ever
 jobs in cannabis ok but civil rights disaster continues without full legalization @potus why not meet w advocates  
 i also accept weed as payment 
 good people dont smoke marijuana.  jeff sessions
 fyi to law makers marijuana is not an opiate  you can help treat opiate addiction with marijuana  maybe thats where youre confused
 when you in best buy trying to look at earphones and some lady asking the dude helping her why it smells like weed
 @alexisrichh im dead serious lol i met her afterwards she tried to smoke with me i was like im good i heard yall convo 15 mins ago
 donald trump vs marijuana   this dude wants to take action against the states that have legalized recreational marijuana trumpregrets
 all these dumbass politicians who want to put more pressure on weed as a crime  are the people who need to smoke it the most.
 eat amp smoke with meeeee.  
 okay about to make myself a super bomb sandwich   then smoke and take some shots . and work on music
 @siientdreams reaper being able to shape shift and turning himself into a smokey cat. sits on jacks lap and demands attention.
 i got super fuckin lit with my mom and dad i just wished they smoked tree 
 aaaaand im at starbucks....omw to smoke a bleezy you beezy
 ive been reading how to murder your life literally all day. i have put it down to pee  smoke  do drugs  and empty the dishwasher. thats it
 watched my mangers kid for her and her payment to me was 50 dollars a jar of weed and a six pack how thoughtful
 so protection for trans youths is a states issue  but recreational marijuana is a federal one. got it  @whitehouse. makes total sense. 
 @realdonaldtrump sir with all the topics and hate towards you please dont dip into the marijuana issues we need those votes maga
 400am  rv camper in alley behind my building. firefighters called. i go out and watch. and smoke a cigarette. the irony.
 @deandesign101 @jver1 @deplorableljb @sandratxas but the gov can step in to stop state permitted legal use of marijuana be consistent.
 @presssec @realdonaldtrump legal adult use of cannabis is stopping drug traffic on the border. concentrate our effo 
 trump talks about taking down cartels. yet wants to go after americans growing pot.. not like legal weed has created any jobs right
 this rhetoric is ignorant amp dangerous @seanspicer there is no connection bt cannabis amp opioid abuse  pot actually m 
 trump administration compares marijuana legalization to opposite epidemic  me 
 just woke up from a dream that i was still at pacifica  smoked a joint with my brother  then slapped a fat bald dude
 i need to wash my car inside and out and get an oil change  but i also really want to eat and smoke a blunt... to be productive or not hmmmm
 nobody hit me up to smoke im not smoking any longer
 @tonystewart 4 cars in the top 12 wow congrats smoke im in need of a new driver now that youre just the boss can you help me out bud
 like holy shit taking a 5 day break from weed is going to be the death of me 
 fresh air future is magnificent holy smokes
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 @introtowifey if you looking for some new music to smoke to  check this joint 
 i really wanna smoke this  
 @spencetology you ever notice all but 2 of those names are feelings when you smile marijuana
 my mama just asked me what i wanted to eat and i said i dont know i need to smoke  but it was a accident
 baby smokes a lot  smoke 
 for severely epileptic texans  cannabis oil will soon be available 
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 house prepared smoked brisket ravioli brisket freshpasta ravioli eatpgh 
 coalroasted beets baby benne vinaigrette meyer lemon smoked yogurt .. weekendeats 
 @drayna14 ayyyy mon  got any marley irie i am prepared  i had to get the record before trump rescinds legal weed
 so im about to smoke alone orrrrr
 shorty said she love asians  so i smoke weed for the side eyes 
 about to blast off into outerdimensional space put on headsphones and smoke weed
 i just wish i had my money so i could get food and weed and be alone and cry like i want to.
 @caaofficial @youtube straight from denver  colorado usa home of retail weed and awesome mountain 
 music courtesy of haley weed. jared lemine on guitar. @ bold bean 
 smoking weed wait thats not a hobby.. 
 not really in the drinking mood tonight. i want to go smoke some hookah.
 i hate people that smokesell... because they ruin every function by sitting in their room
 whod like a hemp brownie  zurvitahou17 rugglesgreen @ ruggles green woodlands 
 preston rd. be smelling like marijuana
 this is what i came to jamaica for  orange hill ganja farm. @jointventurestv ganja orangehill ganjafarm 
 you know spring really comes when u can smell weed on foss hill again. 
 someone come over and jump on the trampoline and smoke a bowl with me 
 excellent example of a german rauch bier  drinking a rauch street smoked lager @ race street brew works  
 like there is no weed to be found amp im pretty sad
 now im on the west coast east coast watching bad bitches smoke weed i knew id make it out the hood one day i do this for my team
 @realdonaldtrump quinnipiac poll 71 percent of americans would oppose a federal crackdown on legal marijuana 93 percent favor medical.
 holy smoke this boi gonna kill me   thank you z  pillowtalk bestmusicvideo iheartawards 
 blacks are nasty but i cnt smoke weed  
 smoking weed dont do nothing but stress me out even more now 
 i smoked 2 blunts with the loml cause i love him 
 i cant believe just blaze just got smoked like that smh
 @mkupperman i think its actually ed asners office and he smokes a lot in a poorly ventilated office. hes haunted by her ghost
 walked up in her house  smoked out of her bong while she was sleeping for like an hour and a half lmao 
 lmao i googled how to smoke without using yo mouth amp someone answered stick a blunt in a straw amp the straw in yo nose amp inhale 
 this cali weed
 when my babes send me music to smoke to i know they love me.
 when he opened the abyss  smoke rose from it like the smoke from a gigantic furnace. the sun and sky  . . . 
 its 1030... why does the entire hall smell like weed
 free idea use weed butter as a medium for oil pigments
 i will cut you of so quick. ive had so many shitty people in my life  im quick to weed the bad ones out.
 but hey lets go after marijuana 
 we used to have a mutual friend in 2005. wanna sing backup on my bands new record well pay u in weed. 45 yr old who plays dive bars
 grand opening scotch plains bbq beef brisket slow smoked texas style 14 hours. jalapeo cheddar sausage 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 this chilled smoked salmon from the mediterranean booth is great but the stand out item on this is the mustard. so 
 i saw carti x warhol.ss x lilpump x smokepurpp x xavier wulf x and a guest appearance by uno and still had the worst day ever last night
 sweet jesus i just love this crew @ moat mountain smoke house amp 
 hes forcing me to smoke with him before i work  
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign...  
 well soon learn if potus trolls a bluff w the inevitable smokescreen of boycotting whcadinner no doubt hell surge back if whcd is empty
 @kristinea she also said the cigarette smoke in the airplane was sometimes overwhelming.
 @muykaliente it dont matter what kinda weed i smoke it dont affect my body well. im a man of uppers.
 lolz no i will not bring back weed for you from colorado 
 its the ones that smoke blunts with ya .
 smoking weed while pregnant will damage your child idc idc idc
 now @realdonaldtrump is coming after your weed. flipflop 
 lets all smoke one for mayno 
 @realdonaldtrump over 28 dead because of a drunk driver in nola...but youre coming for democratically elected recreational marijuana maga
 i gotta be up for work in 2 hours man. time to power smoke and try to knock out i guess.
 whos tryna smoke rn 
 life sucks sometimes but hey  at least we have coffee and pizza and weed and lotion and pancakes.
 you got curved cuz i like to smoke weed and i fell asleep . 
 south hempstead ny sun feb 26th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 blue smoke bio @ woodbury  new york 
 i dont do shit but work  smoke  and chill lmao everything else is irrelevant to a nigga
 windows down and rolling through opel mack  omg i smell weed me  welcome to opel
 my daddy the real plug. he been supplying our weed this whole weekend  thats dead ass my guy
 when people ask me why id rather live in colorado than florida..i show them this pick and legal weed of course. 
 cook stuff is all smoke screen imo. kid is asked daily where are going. ill believe he flips the day he does till then whatever
 please put up a peace sign  while you smoke a piece of mine and find that peace of mind
 i smoke everyday all day at school. but i think im done 
 junior year i got suspended for pushing a bitch against a locker then she went and snitched that i was selling weed. 
 listen to ganja white night  spring tour 2017 promo mix by ganja white night np on soundcloud 
 @danielsod algo leve is my slap  listen to ando bien  just in general omar ruiz slaps i love him even tho i dont smoke 
 back then you and i was broke  all we used to do is fucking smoke
 venison and smoked gouda bierocks...... seriously yum  homecooking germanfood @ lawrence  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 2249 sidney ave  trash left out in 
 @realdonaldtrump marijuana laws should be states rights not the federal government. cannabis oil heals children with seizures in 5 days
 some days i find myself so stressed out that i feel i need a smoke break and i dont even smoke
 when you smoke mid so yo shit 72 
 someone come smoke with me all day today please
 this music making me wanna smoke so bad omfg
 @tonystewart congrats smoke took you 19 years but theres your daytona 500 baby
 what in marijuana legalization 
 false  if you wanna smoke do your thing 
 when you rolled up just to smoke w the homies for free amp the blunts been gone a little too long 
 ur on a whole new level of wack if you smoke hookah
 one week and i can smoke all the blunts i want to finally 
 this weed smells like cat piss
 before i match or smoke with people i always face me one 
 i need a smoke and a beer
 @realdonaldtrump why cant you just leave our fucking weed alone at least. you hate anything that makes anyone happy go swallow a grenade
 caring about people who only care about themselves is like being happy for the police when they find your weed.
 my sister randomly hands me a blunt and told me to go order in n out and smoke  by myself 
 lol. not a smoker but i posted this on fb 5 years ago  still think its funny. 
 i need a smoke but i lost my wallet 
 oh my goodness the smell of weed in here is so dam strong 
 @chrisybillions  he only smoke shit ona empty stomach
 dude clocks in at ihop  smokes a cig  smokes a bowl  smokes a cig. goes inside  comes back out and smokes another cig and then maybe works.
 not being able to smoke is making me drink so fucking much.
 for me not to smoke i have to stay active
 we about to smoke  nap cause we literally got no sleep lastnight amp go to the mall
 these bitches aint shit.... and pussy is my greatest vice. i love smoking weed.....i hate advice
 im trying get some weed shit amp a hamburger amp fries
 im finna try to not smoke for a couple weeks see how this turn out
 i guess the neighbors think im gownin weed. yeah the neighbors think im gownin weed. well motherfucker i am .
 @nmaestas smoke then sv will give marginally better flavor.
 @maxboot where is the evidence where are the facts all we have are leak after leak after leak of smoke  but absolutely zero fire.
 i love her like pussy money weed 
 ive only smoked 1 square today im proud of myself
 pretty sure my landlord does some form of drug. i want to smoke a blunt with him one day...hes just the cool 
 i just want to smoke 
 is it just me or can dudes not live without their weed.. i know a few guys that would choose their weed over their girl
 support81worldwide truth your a joke if you smoke while your in shelter @ project hospitality 
 trump has us turned around in a normal case  campaign collusion would be the smoke and the prorussian foreign policy would be the fire.
 and this is where depression comes through and makes me smoke 6 blunts
 smoke weed errday
 one in my family is cancelling at trip to israel if israel legalizes recreational marijuana. shrines should not have bystanders puffing pot.
 a midnight smoke stop in klamath falls  oregon...now i can   waist deep snow in the cascades  
 off the next 3 days who tryin to chill  smoke and workout
 when you smell weed and walk in on your roommate smoking weed after you told her you dont wanna smell weed amp she s 
 legalize marijuana for true competition in the drug industry. 
 my mom didnt smoke when she had my brother. fucking horrible amp hes the oldest. if you know menace or kelvin youd know 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1691 west north avenue baltimore  
 i got this lump in my throat like i smoked 3 packs of frontos last night
 you were a weed and instead of burning you i helped you grow.
 lunch at our favorite bbq place for the day  @ bogarts smokehouse 
 we thought it was time to bust out the old smoker for this weeks tacos weve got smoked pork 
 i went to la fit expo amp chain smoked marlboro reds in everyones face. 55 stars would highly recommend would go ba 
 i hate not having weed
 birthday on the 16 yall i love money and weed thank you.
 honestly kinda really wanna cry cause college but im gonna smoke this blunt first
 @kiraruss why you outta weed money
 holy smokes  ronaldo just hit the post having rounded the keeper and had the whole goal to aim at ucl
 idc who you are  youre gross as hell if you smoke boags
 high on microgrids to solve problem of cannabis growers hogging energy  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 504 s madeira st 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 105 sorrento avenue baltimore  trash next to dumpster.
 we grinding while your mcm out here still trying to make money selling weed
 which smoke detector is the best 
 799 000 2027 e smoketree drive  carefree  az  3b2.5ba  3 car... arizona realestate  
 gasss what i smoke nigga .
 someone scoop and smoke this blunt with me
 i never smoke weed anymore  havent drank in a little while  been a week without a cigarette. drug free...whats going on
 when ubers smoke u out gt
 made weed my boyfriend today 
 just had to buy weed for my friends at my exs apartment building 
 flat. iron. smoke. 
 holy smokes 
 the let him hit the blunt  is even send bro home with some weed 
 all the moms who smoked weed when they were pregnant ended up birthing babies that grew up to wear vlone shirts
 these girls will come into your apartment  ask to use your restroom and be there rolling several wraps of weed.  smh
 some pet owners in california treat their sick animals with marijuana 
 i need butane but no smoke shop is open
 its not bad to smoke weed while pregnant. your baby gon come out hyperactive as shit tho.
 i got smoke ... 
 i dont even smoke before this class smh
 todays special is a fried soft shell crab blt. half sandwich is a grilled cheese. smoked tomato and corn soup. 
 i need a girl friend thats not a back stabbing hoe  wont lie to me  amp is down to just smoke amp chill in my messy ass room w my kitten
 i think i wanna smoke after school with my face mask on 
 honey  when i make a promise  i try to keep it. they messed with us.  i took the world from them  i am too beat up to run it. weed  please
 send rampb and hiphop beats to smoke1863@gmail.com
 somebody in glenn just couldnt wait until 200 to smoke  got the whole hallway smelling like weed 
 @iamminas that boy dont smoke no more you know this
 @ovoalexo sorry i dont even smoke bro
 man in second story just spoke with abc15. he says the smoke and screams of a desperate mother in the apartment be 
 norwegian crepe... filled with smoked salmon  caramelized onion and topped with cream fraiche. 
 this job might be a great fit for you class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 update gt wb hwy401 closed near woodstock due to a large brush fire to the north side. likely closed due to smoke in the air. ldnont
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2300 grove street baltimore  send message. 
 6 songs on the way straight gas for culture   i want the rage   hit them licks   smoke gas  while you listen to it
 aaand  last year i called in sick because i had stomach problems  it was on 420. i dont even smoke weed...wtf is going on here
 marijuana and driving see me and @irplawyer at tomorrows @clebc presentation cannabis marijuana march 9  2017. 
 wavy @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 sometimes you got to smoke a blunt and say fuck it.......
 smoking rapper weed and eating food and breathing.
 im dying for a cigarette. i havent smoked one all day
 open invite to smoke weed w me
 100 not true. smoke em if yuh gottem. cheers v 
 holy smokes 
 when you try to balance  work  smoking weed  and partying. 
 i could go the rest of my life without talking to anyone who smokes cigarettes. 
 let the smoke clear  blackthebeast harlem nyc musicismydrug uplife jordan @ apollo theater 
 my neighbors smoke so much i can smell it in my apartment. its annoying 
 my granny told me to focus on god and my family not weed and these hot hoes  she funny af
 you little niggas who sell bud just to smoke for free  need to cut the shit. stop hml telling me u got that. dont even know how to sell
 i dont like girls that smoke weed  that aint cute.  booooyyyyy im smoking to get high  not be cute
 anyone wanna smoke
 its fine bc me and lez went to the gas station and some very sketchy people came up to us asking if we wanted to smoke. he had no teeth.
 when niggas cant handle the weed and swear they got laced 
 north carolinas great  but i miss dicks  taco time  the city  and the smell of marijuana on every corner. 
 i just want to smoke and cant even do that
 my life goal is to smoke with jay and silent bob
 bye for a min  twitter. send smoke signals if ya need me.
 or holy smokes 
 ate a weed brownie to help me focus on my finals  ended up writing two new songs and craving taco bell. que la chingada 
 ill never forget the way she looked at me when i played the guitar in a room full of smoke
 y dont u smoke da blunt then come cuddle w me 
 when you show up to your dealers house to cop and end up getting smokedmy back blownout 
 when you smoke indica before bed vs when you smoke sativa 
 i used to care about so much shit  but im pretty sure i smoked allat out me
 somewhere in between im hungry ans i want to smoke
 its ridiculous how judged you get when you say you dont want to smoke weed.
 i needa stop dating white girls that dont even smoke weed 
 she say dam yo weed stank i said i no but bitch thats aint  my weed  bitch you really musty stop playing with me 
 @yacuriousgeorge your brother gets it  too @collinsjaidon pulling weeds wo being asked parentingdoneright  mykidsaregoodkids proudmom
 when youre outta weed 
 goes to upload a picture of myself  but than i realized i only take pictures of weed..
 i just smoked a blunt with your gf
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign...  
