 ganja babe. my sweet ganja babe. i love the way you love me and the way you misbehavin 
 @kroeger wonder if he smoked before the malace at the palace
 @skooks @burritojustice has he ever smoked pot andor unconstitutionally fired a special prosecutor
 @lluvisss gosh at least smoke a bowl too
 yo cuz cannabis was like the last of the lyrically ingenious intellectually stimulating well studied men. new shit straight basura
 facebook update man with parkinsons tried weed for the first time
 that feeling when you wanna smoke but dont feel like rolling 
 all gas no breaks smoke gas to the face
 i needa get some weed from my boy creed. my guy is informed  
 i was told to not drink and smoke but its hard af because im 21 and i just wanna party and have fun i just wanna have a normal life maaaan
 need weed  koreatown  ca   its crucial.
 i wish i knew exactly how many cigarettes i smoked from age 16 to just a few months ago  and what the fuck my lungs look like
 dassa whole lotta weed 
 me 2 lets smoke 
 can they just legalize marijuana in new jersey already....
 2nd week of coachella im staying in a house sponsored by weedmaps wth i love this industry
 @nrdc @ecowatch @rebelmouse check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days via 
 my barber my weed man all curving me wtf
 i kept smell weed at work i was like wtf .. looked in my pocked and found a gram 
 i love sonic more than weed
 @playerstribune @bfinn86 @mikevick wow  look at all the smoke coming out of my butt  how about returning millions of dollars to mr blank 
 @cafedotcom he smoked weed with freddy douglas.
 you can smoke on planes  right
 does anybody wanna hang out w me lol im literally bored as fuck. let smoke  drink  talk  play videogames  jam  i dont care
 me try to bring weed to disney world why mother i would never 
 @visionmmxv amp smoke station is raffling off this clean ass board  slide thru 1 ticket for 3  or 2 for 5 6401 wh 
 @spoonmoonjune ugh. i havent smoked in 3 days.
 dumb kids with diesel trucks ruin it for us diesel guys. you probably dont even know why your truck is pouring out black smoke dumbass
 when im high in class and smell like weed.  
 hate females who be so pressed to smoke like 
 when i die  press my ashes into a smokey eye palette 
 aint no way i got some weed amp tell my nigga he cant smoke.
 hb1858 new increasing marijuana license fees and adding a temporary additional fee on marijuana licenses issued... 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 i just wanna smoke amp sleep until my 1240 
 i be so joked every time i pass the smokers in front of the library smoking by the tobaccofree campus sign
 when you smoked and you know you about to fuck some food up 
 i really want to use my smoker this weekend. please cooperate ohio weather.
 i just want to have deep intimidate conversations about different shit  smoke ls and watch movies but all these hoes want it so go out
 u smoke mid my guy 
 all i do is smoke
 when bitches in high school looked down on the niggas that smoked weed  look at them now fuckin skanks
 @hiitaylorblake @vicevicebaby your smile amp hair.. gorgeous. also your accent is adorable amp congrats on the free weed i stalked u a lil
 i got weed 
 ew work was mad busy im about too smoke a fat ass blunt when i get home
 sxsw hint. if you come here. always say you smoke cigarettes to the person with a keyboard. youll get the coolest free shit.
 sometimes being in a relationship and smoking too much weed ends up with extremely cheesy purchases online that see 
 i would drive 6hrs round trip if i could get a good amount of quality medical weed tbh
 who needs to buy weed when you get it wrapped in ones for tips at work
 wanna smoke now
 is it intervention that i need or an abundance of the worlds best weed
 @katenape lol the best weed comes from northern california  specifically humboldt county
 @omfgpapi. call the fire dept girl you are on fire. so smoken.
 idk whats worse getting soap in your eye or getting smoke in your eye
 fuck around and get hardcore c4 to ya door  no beef no more nigga feel the rough  scandalous the more weed smoke i puff  the more dangerous
 its 10 in montreal and the heated outdoor pool has sea smoke. yes someone is doing laps. @ 
 just trying to be home so i can smoke a blunt
 @terrencebyron i retract that. its cannabis syrup. have some fuckin fun careful of all that sugar 
 buying marijuana online just seems like a trap lmao
 but he also has a hook that goes bitch lets fuck so i can smoke again which  while a dopeass hook that does all the hookey things right
 going to cannabis business executive convention...httpst.cocd5baqeedh  via @bizzabo
 for all yall who smoke. have you ever thought doesnt matter what. you have the same high.
 when its darn near spring and you have cut weeds to find your yard tools....firstworldproblems weedeating 
 this would be the perfect getaway to have some weed plants amp smoke backwoods  
 impeachtrump fox news anchor hits out at trump its too much lying and too much russia and too much smoke 
 cant wait til i get home lmao i miss cali weed so much
 i just wanna smoke a blunt on the beach ...
 planting our class snap peas and weeding the school garden funfriday rcsdstoneridge 
 im tired of girls bragging about not having to pay for weed 
 if you have me on snap all you gone think i do is smoke smoke smoke lmao
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation marshall  mo
 she like when u piss her off kuz she gets to pull up on me we smoke 1 and she tells me how she ion want yo lame ass thin u no whats next
 same w ganja white night 
 cute girls that smoke...such a damn shame. you killing yourself 
 i hate when people call weed pot lmao like uh huh yeah im smokin pans too
 why do i hate being around people so bad  i just like to smoke and stay in my little bubble
 i really googled planet filled with marijuana tho 
 i just need a girl to smoke with and watch ted talks at night with me
 @jesusculture holy smokes  the 7th hand is on its way
 @paperplanes2010 you know some of the best weed coming out of waiting is girl scout cookies thin mint
 you seem like a good kid. one that doesnt smoke pot  thanks officer as im high
 i still wanna smoke  smh
 he wanted her to get her own weed card bc she was smoking his all up lol. he had enough.
 @wvtm13 because i dont have any weed
 now ima go ride my horse and smoke my weed
 members of @rockfordfire amp @redcrossnwil are going door to door today to make sure everyone has working smoke alarm 
 good smokes 
 people that smoke blunts always have those cheap ass lighters. getchu some raws and a bic lighter.
 925 sterling silver marijuana weed leafs mens ring 15 
 this is awesome  drinking a smoked colonial brown by @flounderbrewing at @chimneyrockinn   
 imma smoke that joe dirt till i feel it in my face.
 trump sends mixed message on marijuana  
 eat smoke amp play game 
 remember set your clocks ahead check your smoke alarms amp their batteries the @bayleafvfd doesnt want to meet by accident bayleafsafe
 baby backs are done. lets eat  bbq assassinsmokers @ palmetto smoke bbq team 
 dan smoked a brisket point on the egg today and made burnt ends. 
 ..u cant get that for me thats weed 
 im telling yall smokepurpp gonna blow up
 enegren brewing the big meat smoked  word delicious. enegrenbrewing  bock 
 so weedboy kerr wants to rest everybody the dubs are soft  they are soft  lol
 when i smoke my whole mood changes.
 nothing like listening to kids  maybe 1012 years old  reciting lyrics such as  she say she wanna roll wit me an smoke up all my weed.
 bitches that smoke more than me ltltlt
 i dont wanna hit your weed i got my own dutch
 still have my joint i didnt get to smoke w homies... guesss just hotbox myself to some indie 
 i spoke to the universe it spoke right back   truthfully i dont even smoke like that
 about to smoke amp ease my mind
 nvr smoke w my pops he will hog the jay 
 people still smoke hookah
 isnt it cool when ur 24 year old brother steals your grinderi just got yesterday with weed in it
 all we smoke is dutches 
 ion smoke in groups everybody should have there own pack if you are a smoker
 i drink and smoke a lot but ion really do the partying. 
 i was about to leave my sisters party and go to another party  then i remembered the hour changes so ima smoke a blunt and hit the sack 
 now that you have changed your clocks dont forget to change the batteries in your smoke alarms amp co detectors. 
 i need a big ass room wit a bottle of champagne amp a eighth of weed
 someone give a logical reason on to smoke weed.
 @blackrosesxyz weed and @rockstarenergy  @mountaindew   bacon too.
 ppl be dumbfounded when i say i dont smoke 
 @hiltonhotels first daylight saving time  and now our smoke detector is beeping every 30 seconds making sleeping impossible. 
 @dpdanderson  please help  rap 4 weed is currently in the van  its running and shes asleep inside of it. 711 i 
 i just randomly found some weed. my day has been made
 im trynna smoke a fuckin blizzzyy yo
 ive never smoked weed  been drunk  snuck out or skipped school. copy amp paste this as your status whoever likes it 
 holy smokes logan what a movie one of the best marvel has done yet
 my dude at clutch cannabis is a homie 
 niggas aint  eat or smoke all day g 
 chelsea said fuvk me so i dont have anyone to smoke with 
 hi can anyone point me in the direction if someone that will sell me weed today plz and thx
 im bored someone pull up lets smoke
 i feel like half the kids i graduated with are still smoking weed in parking lots and living with their parents
 should i smoke a blunt and then take a shower orrr the other way around 
 always go out of my way to help people  never eat in front of someone without paying for them too  smoke them out  buy them things etc
 i was an idiot and smoked my yearly cigarette a few nights ago. i think i got sick because of that decision.
 niggas who smoke and drink everyday be depressed as hell.
 we deserve a smoke break
 drank hemp syrup on my b day and everyone passed out by 10pm but now we are up before 7 am so idk how i feel about it....
 should of smoked more 
 its 2017 if you still smoke k2 youre a fucking sicko
 me and her got the same eyes when i smoke the zip
 son woke up to wall of flames and alerted family to get out. man staying in trailer outside treated for smoke inh 
 its smoke wit lil raleigh forever  they took my homie at 15 years old man
 i also hate when she talks about weed like its all bad. no ho its helped save peoples life instead of getting hooked on pills.
 not bout to smoke in a mf car who dont got the heat on fuck they thought
 my friends r so cute the invited me to come smoke but told me to bring my own blunt cuz im sick lmao
 i need to smoke
  yeah weed killing your cells sis 
 im trynna be healthy  so im finna smoke out of a strawberry
 @molllylujah @ska2dancehall i went in there once a couple months ago amphe gave me one of those lil flower glass tubes that u smoke crack in
 just realized i smoked all my weed 
 leosha you need some hoes. me nah  i just smoke and chill. 
 rolling smoke on these for tomorrow. cant complain about this job. @ polk city bbq company 
 colorado gives free iuds and weed is legal for recreational consumption.. sounds like the place to be
 the protocol patriarch nikolas agathis has gone home. we smoke this cigar in his honor. until we 
 got a bad feeling im about to get snowed in without any weed... got me fucked up...
 i smoke my drank and sip my dope...
 i love how my jacket smells like perfume   with that faint smell of weed. what a lovely mixture
 @smokingcorks smoke it baby
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 @libertysticky  quotes from henry ford  grow the hemp fields  knowledge of how banking works  would cause a revolut 
 v both sides of the 12. steam both sides of the l. freeze smoke rings and they hail. sleet snow grind for the wealth
 its always the old people apartments that be smelling like weed  
 mannnnn i hate the snow but im gonna go smoke in it
 bout to study this spanish   smoke   then ko im beyond tired 
 the irony when your shitty coworker tries to bash you for smoking weed as if he doesnt brag about coming into work 
 someone please help me ban second hand smoke 
 to make sure we understand if the story is true  michael brown trading weed for cigs means he didnt attack darren wilson  right lmbo
 high graduation rate in chicago police academy backs doj report alleging officials fail to weed out subpar recruits 
 cant wait til spring time so i can go hiking again and smoke my weed near a ravine 
 hey i dont even mind ice fishing just prefer shots n weed for cold n dress warm lol n music in ears as all b cool
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign...  
 havent smoked in a week 
 the government smokes regs  no wonder they hate weed 
 yeah we can smoke and chill all day  but do we really have fun
 why so the fbi can spy on me through my smoke detector i dont think so kellyanneconway microwavegate 
 hmmmm government weed  
 this looks like it would give me a headache if i smoked it 
 i forgot im about to be in north carolina next week  lol who got weed in charlotte
 shouts to @ct3  legal weed is the move today is a travel day but catch @adlib76s primitive 
 this job might be a great fit for you class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 someone come smoke this weed w me pls
 im just tryna smoke whatever wiz khalifa be smokin
 three neighbors with snow blowers. not one offered to help.  4 hours later  thanks jerk weeds. dontbeadick
 all ya do is smoke blunts on snapchat all day
 my marijuana levels are low i must recharge
 when i run out of weed im gonna get back to my old self lol im turning into a greasy lazy bowl of spaghetti
 its smokey  drinking a pulled porter dank tank by @sweetwaterbrew at @hebronbrewhaus   
 nobody gotta worry about me buy shit for them   no gas   no weed   no food   no shit .
 come smoke this slab with me
 @manteyds duplicative and duplicitous group that has fearmongered about smokefree products and staffed by people making big salaries.
 got weed and cant even smoke 
 need weed
 i forgot weed was legal in vancouver
 pals family @ grindstone smokehouse 
 guy selling pot and cocaine umm no i dont smoke ciggarettes theyre bad for you
  waiting on weed 2 pull up rn  
 idlikearefundfor weed i keep that guys kids in college 
 my step dad tells me my room smells like weed  thx i didnt know.
 ill smoke another blunt then go back to sleep
 mr good smoke nigggggga 
 my boyfriend and weed are my only stress relievers 
 im up lmk got that killa weed
 the lyft of the medical marijuana industry
 i think ill go out for a drive and smoke a square in a bit
 my momaw thought my uncle got sprayed by a skunk and he was really hiding weed in his room 
 i believe in praying about the root cause of the situation while down the weeds. wolves in sheeps clothing. those feelings were planted.
 loud smoke  
 alert per @kevinharned @ryanhokewave3 the smoke in the bullitthardin co. area near @fortknoxky they are doing a control burn. dont freak
 im just tryna have the same motivation as the people who smoke cigarettes. itd be 10 degrees out amp they still have a smoke break
 man i smoke dis bitch my self ... shit over here avoiding a nigga
 dont ask why i smoke weed bitch
 remember that day i was too sexually frustrated to eat lunch so i stormed back to heathman to smoke a bowl to the face
 @natesucio i rarely be sipping id be celosa if you got free weed
 fuck all the basic bitches  we gon wake up an smoke us a blunt n fuck 
 when she hit you up to smoke her weed 
 the fucking weed 
 im. its now that i left @cannellmatt  house  someone come over and hangout. i got everything there is. smoke  drink  games  etc.
 monsanto weed killer roundup faces new doubts on safety in unsealed documents 
 which is bad considering i only smoke at night
 i wanna smoke with a few of my followers  put them on some player shit
 why all these weed accounts wanna follow me 
 wow. super shout out to @caspaofficial for the wutang sample roll that shit light that shit smoke it.
 i like mark cuban as a presidential candidate in 2020  hed smoke president trump easily...cuban2020
 who leaves 3 pounds of weed at goodwill someone in washington. by @amandajtx  
 the smell of weed makes me sick af
 i got cotton mouth and i didnt even smoke today lmfao 
 so nobody wanna smoke w me 
 @domsaue the legal age  yea. medical can be any age i believe. we have more weed shops than starbucks out here lol
 watch this moon set over wku  along with the fire smoke puff into a temperature inversion science awesome 
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 lotta lotta dope smoke  lol. yall be safe family 
 happy troll day here i come i want your weed now 
 lmao truman smelled like weed and coco butter today
 just overheard a 50  yr old man explaining how he got prescribed medical marijuana to this 75 yr old lady. future is now denver
 its 420  wheres my marijuana says my lovely mother
 smoked pecan hand pies in the grove location. flaky  buttery pastry filled with a bourbon custard loaded with smoke 
 pro  love  an happy smoker 
 i dont wanna do shit for my birthday expect smoke weed. 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation conway  sc job jobs
 engine 40 amp ladder 4 visited the 6300 block of greenway avenue today to install smoke alarms and discuss fire preve 
 the nigga that never has weed is the last person that can say hurry up n pass 
 blowin more smoke than a train amp that red be keepin me sain
 you smoke rn you might go full 5 star cook in kitchen 
 youre a nun rt @brasilmiss i havent had a drink in probably 5 years  no sex in 2 and ive never smoked weed. like ever.
 money in the bag im talking large amounts niggaz in my lane i had to switch the route bought a brand new whip i had to smoke it out 
 i met the only other person who smokes the same cigs as me in vermont
 our neighbor told me that narcotic detectives were looking for me and that the weed smoke is killing his kids 
 all the weed in the world and you wanna smoke a cigarette @bfregia13
 i smell like a pound of weed  and i aint even smoke
 cant wait to smoke a fat ass baccwood typeshit
 guess since no one wants to smoke one imma do that solo and make a beat
 many reasons why im still here. i see that nowampit gets clearer eachday. i havent had sexor smoked  ive been super focused.gotta keep going
 sent @alexmendoza52 a snap chat of the weed filter  she sends me a bong
 hit this bomb ass weed that i got straight from cali and take a drink everything gonna be alright
 typed too much there...thats without weed
 except for the weed part. theyre exaggerating it cuz she was smoking reggie
 @jaythejetplane @dray10 they got weed trucks doing 2 for 10 and edibles near 6th but good luck white will fwu someone asked me
 he took the time to stuff the swisher amp he dont even smoke.  
 never met a punctual weed man
 these girls keep looking at each other n laughing whenever our prof talks about weed. like i remember my first bowl
 just dont smoke.. yall trippin
 drink irish  smoke jamaican  fuk brazilian model chicks on vacation  shag hot swedish girls on holiday thats the american way @raskass
 just in time for the weekend smoke and oak from stackbrewing craftbeerservedhere 
 @weekndempire quit blowing smoke up peoples asses  crooks @trans1110   take a peek global terrorist 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation detroit  mi job jobs
 i mean roundup is killing bees  cats  birds  humans...oh yeah weeds too so maybe we dont need so many bees 
 quinten called pat who is a father figure to him to wish him a happy birthday and goes well smoke a fat joint together  ok hahahaha
 okay do i want to pay 200 and get probed at by doctors to get weed or 150 from a shady dude on spruce street 
 happy st patricks day  time to smoke some 4leaf clovers.
 happy saint pattis day. eat your greens  smoke you greens  and wear your green.  @kylazorhayda 
 slow jams  weed liquor 
 legalize marijuana pleaseeeee 
 not in to corned beef come try your brisket smoked  and celebrate st. patricks day with 
 @densonvondoom @ashleyjudd just watched smoke for first time in years  thanks for great memories dave thanks
 i just smoked an l with some random guy at the airport lolol
 im not addicted to smoking weed i just like it.
 rapper weed
 just once id like to stand at a trolley stop and not get smothered by someones cigarette smoke 
 jackies simple jackies quicker jackie likes to suck a dicka all she wanna do smoke a blunt get a drink of liquor
  i dont smoke cigs i smoke mold  brock
 was able to check out a red dragon camera today holy smokes  christmaslist my phone was 
 no  i dont believe in hell yes  i smoke pot no  i am not interested in attending your church
 thought for a minute that was weed in chis matthews pocket lol
 you got the weed damn right papa
 drinking an experimental 5 sour by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station   photo
 @dyelbrah101 sonny   my media firm helps cannabis stocks reach a mainstream investor audience financial media.
 when we get bored at work  we make baby lattes  @ smokey row coffee  pella  ia 
 lets go smoke some newports at westport
 if youre gonna smoke on snap please inhale it 
 in all reality the marijuana wont fix your broken heart  and neither will kissing strangers who are just as sick as you
 when you lose your weed and spend 5 minutes looking for it then find it on the floor 
 nm has what hemp likes  lots of sun  adequate water and lots of folk in rural areas to do ag work amp fabmtg work t 
 yo i got off work at 6 and been knocked since just waking up bout to smoke this l and eat some cereal or sumn 
 everyone  smokes  kush 
 all the dreams were held so close  seemed to all go up in smoke.
 see times like this a crib is needed to smoke the gas in
 gonna smoke hookah and hit the sack
 3 years for rape but yall riding our dick and tryna slam us for a couple grams of marijuana 
 me amp my brother were high asf last night tryna figure out if we smelt like weed 
 government marijuana dead ass looks like rosemary 
 people were worried about malia obama smoking weed 12 months later were spending half a billion dollars to fund donald jrs sex tourism
 cigarette smoke makes me sneeze the a mf
 @ingodwetryst while i have not seen anyone overdose on weed the heroin problem in my home town is a real problem. it needs action.
 @american1765 cannabis is legal here  you laughably ignorant redneck. welcome to the 21st century... even if you have to be dragged into it
 i dont make trap music but you could trap too it and smoke some  pac it 
 so what we get drunk so what we smoke weed were just having fun we dont care who sees
 just wanna smoke a nigga. @1vldecks8bmg 
 @superegoworld we cant eat hemp... makes nice clothes.
 when i tell yall joshua zoomed out this bitch... it was smoke coming from his feet
 i hate when the smell of smoke gets in my clothes amp hair
 free smoke free smoke aye
 free smoke free smoke 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke
 buy my own weed smoke my own shit by my damn self
 omg this hotel gave us stuff to vape with there so marijuana friendly here  hey hey denver 
 needa smoke . asap
 free smoke free smoke 
 intro to free smokegtgt
 loving free smoke rn 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke aye
 free smoke   free smoke
 im at @bonedaddys house of smoke in dallas  tx 
 @ryxnello is that a police im calling the weed
 @brettsbaker made me think of you. not the smokes half.  
 im tryna smoke till my head pop 
 free smoke
 ready to smoke a blunt and listen to that more life though.
 my 13yo sister told my mom she wanted to start selling weed. 
 i smoked meth by accident its okay i snorted meth by accident
 @alexandrasavior amp band are stirring a smokey lounge vibe @barracudaaustin that is toxic in all the right ways sxsw2017 sxsw
 bout to take a nice hot shower  smoke then knock the fuckkkkkk out 
 free smoke free smoke aye
 if you have any issues with weed ampor how much i smoke it... we shouldnt even bother to get to know each other
 listen  all i wanna do is smoke with you. sit down  have dinner with the folks with you.
 anyone wanna smoke
 @robertsantellan @h3h3productions @hilakleinh3 rep vayp naysh is that some super secret small batch vape juice thats all i smoke organic
 free smoke 
 gonna hit up the beach on my birthday smoke a lil drink a lil. if your interested hmu  btw its monday .
 free smoke free smoke aye
 fuck yo weed i got my own smoke
 when someone who smokes  drinks  curses  and has sex b4 marriage  says that being gay is a sin... lol ok
 so far im fucking with glow kmt teenage fever free smoke blem ice melts  morelife
 @laurenbaratzl @gglightbulb a hornets nest of thugss taken up residence in r wh amp theres a great need to smoke all of them out...amjoy
 bruh  this man deadass just texted me i quit weed today  and jerking off  lmaolmaolmao bye
 the doh issued an air quality advisory for smoke from the sunshinefire. if you have respitory illnesses  stay indoors. @denverchannel
 i should google why men smoke cigars when  a baby is born.
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   transportation
 @fatmankey what you calling for is it weed  or a verse  or ya need some dope  me okay  hullo 
 3. take that  put it your pipe amp smoke it mr. 45 about how other nations nato contributions compare to us
 now ill go smoke to free smoke
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew at @orioles   photo
 i hate when people ask to smoke or smoke in the car when im in it like we all dont want cancer
 @drake morelife was good  different frm his other work. i like free smoke  jorja interlude  portland  kmt  gyalchester  amp ice melts.
 free smoke free smoke
 hate when weedmans dont answer
 how to tell youre getting closer to stephenville  getting black smoked at a stop sign in the middle of nowhere...
 poo poo gotta be the funniest nigga in the smoke lmfao
 cant wait to smoke this weed amp these kingpens.
 free smoke  drake  more life   
 aight im done but real quick @funcoolmami my pet bunny got glaucoma and imma need some medical marijuana to ease it 
 put the weed in the trunk if the cops try to stop us theres no reason to front
 free smoke. free smoke.
 she wants to hide weed that you can smell a mile away 
 i smoked a couple ports in the locker room 
 someone in wa smoke with me 
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17n  hempstead avenue
 someone bring me a blunt wrap i wanna smoke a bluntttt
 i guess ill smoke but sub me in a few years later 
 when we go to the smoke shop we dont need id @paigepizano 
 @cwedding1  he wont die he will go up in smoke like the antichrist he is.
 you twippin if drake didnt baptize free smoke
 14 billion  the worth of the cannabis industry in california alone.  sure session  try shutting that down.
 top 5 songs from more life free smoke  passionfruit  sacrifices  glow  and ice melts
 we are coming up on hour 2 of the ma legs first big hearing on tinkering w the marijuana legalization law here. the hearing room is packed
 i needa smoke a big joint today dawg
 not even if you bought snowden in for trial would i agree with this smokescreen.  resigndonnie 
 meek mill could kill drake on the free smoke beat  dont debate with me debate with ya baby moms itty bitty bitch 
 @texasdamnit its all smoke and mirrors whats gonna happen if we go to war astronauts shoot each other what a joke
 lil smoke break
 i need someone whos down to smoke a l and jam to @montanaof300 at all parts of the day 
 can already tell im going to hate the songs passionfruit and free smoke in about three weeks
 dearmrpresident your smoke and mirror tactics failed. u make americans embarrassed. u think marlago doesnt have listening walls
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 851 reinhart st  no lid on trash c 
 dont try to match me with no garbage ass weed . i will hoe yo ass 
 @chase0557 you have more patience than me to listen to them blow smoke up wsus butt for 2 hrs
 i gave away weed my whole trip
 i dont understand why they think im this raging alcoholic amp drug addict... heaven fucking forbid i smoke a blunt amp drink a beer.
 backwoods...i cant smoke no swishers  that aint healthy.
 if i did smoke cigarettes  @ajstylesorg telling me to stop would be enough to stop
 nah ill smoke it myself
 yoooo check my texts i must smoke weed weed imustsmokeweed 
 i cant believe i brought my weed to class 
 stick that in your bozak and smoke it.   leafs
 i like being mean  it weeds out the weenies
 let her roll my weed fuck her then i go to sleep
 rub my back and smoke a blunt
 final smoke of the night
 1. do not disturb 2. sacrifices 3. cant have everything  4. glow 5. portland  ice melts  lose you  free smoke  opinions 
 eat our greens. smoke our greens.   @erinbaileyj
 got me a drink and got sum smoke im good. ow
 fuck pr on my life hopefully japan smokes these bum ass niggas
 did this dude really ask me to fucking match i dont wanna fucking smoke
 if ur up and tryn to smoke hml
 good weed. good drank. big money 
 high weeds. a god place to get snake bit
 he dont want no smoke  he dont want no static.
 dawg smoked with dude from work yesterday  gawddd
 free smoke is summer sixteen is super saiyan mode.
 white girl with a bindi just smoked 2 cigarettes back to back
 all he do is smoke  amp give you meat .. bitch you dating a bbq pit 
 someone smoke w me after school  i hate smoking alone 
 your mcm smokes mids
 the bay area gave you the best weed and taco trucks known to human existence 
 @kujawamatt i was thinking more like crack but weed will do
 he said you dont gotta wake up to ya clips smoked  
 you dont put enough weed in ya blunt  all you smoke is tobacco 
 its lil kodak  the finesse kid  boy who hot as me  told the doctor im a health kid  i smoke broccoli 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 kicking out 1 250 mesquite smoked brisket burgers to ship all over the u.s.a. tomorrow 
 im a hell of a smoker but i get shit done.
 just a weed growing out of a foundation.  igkansascity igkcmo igkc kansascityinstagram 
 @weinsteinlaw not only should prez candidates show their taxes but also have a psych eval...we could have weeded him out...
 probably why i smoke too much.. take my pain away so i wont have to think bout the bad stuff. 
 aint lose no weight off smoking weed 
 now i can smoke whenever i want
 ice should be allowed to go to every school and weed out all the illegal immigrants in school to be deported
 my house now smells like smoke  thanks pawnee 
 if you send me snapchats of your weed theres a 100 chance im not gonna buy it
 when you smell the weed through your body 
 free smoke  free smoke ehh
 3 hospitalized  1 serious w smoke inhalation amp burns. 1520 ppl will get red cross asst likely to stay at spring hill suites  more @wnyt
 free smoke free smoke aye
 when a girl who loves to drink falls in love with a boy who loves to smoke 
 love and smoke by the water   stogies weston smokeonthewater thebigsmoke acidcigars 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 hey hoe whats yo smoke scrolling through my twitter tho.
 everyones picture is them being pregnant or smoking weed like why is there nothing new 
 hangover poutine scrambled eggs  bacon  maple syrup  fries and cheese curds amazing @ smokes poutinerie 
 lots and lots of smoke. and as weve seen recently in kc  that usually means one thing. 
 happy hemp type of morning...  divasonthemove healthiswealth @ 
 free smoke free smoke
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 also smoke weed its tight
 not all heroes wear capes  though sometimes adam dons a cannabis flag 
 @frostedevents super excited to find you following us thank you for showing your support for cannabis families
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1221 w cross st  send message. 
 i hate when niggas who sell weed flex with all the weed they got nigga thats yo job
 free smoke free smoke
 follow hush hemp on instagram  
 when someone quits weed wait for it things happen to their body. 
 @ivydarealest it does but it only numbs it  it fucking sucks i wana be happy all the time without having to smoke  drink or pop pills
 @sxmmie @bronwynnrosee all natural medicine that helps alot of people. i dont see anyone overdosing and ruining their life for weed 
 gyalchester amp free smoke are fire as fuck man
 vindicated my ass fbi found no wiretapping  were not buying your smoke and mirrors any more  nunes intel bullshitquotesijustmadeup
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 20002098 north ellamont street baltimore  se 
 free smoke  free smoke free smoke 
 free smoke 
 i bought it cause i thought this was a clever way for my nigga to smoke  
 dont smoke and drive.
 smoke weed errrddayyy
 i dont smoke woods but i can pearl em  
 whats a 1300 set of tires if u cant smoke em lol 
 i smoke so much the ashes start to burn on me
 idgaf if trump was incidentally surveilled  its all smoke screens to distract from his shady dealings.   buhleevdat
 now i wanna smoke 
 @sh0nd0gg weed lol
 smells like weed and dirty hobo on the train today. one of these i have a problem with and the other i welcome.
 i promised dibbi i cant smoke no squares no mo but i still gotta hold one for a pic 
 free smoke 
 fuck weed smoke books @c3llard00r
 weed i need weed 
 happy birthday you italian scum. if i had my old phone  i get some legendary memories ps imma smoke ur ass in c 
 @crazeemama15 do you smoke 
 free smoke.
 i dont always smoke cigars when i travel  but when i do i smoke la mission who am i kidding 
 @braincandylive these 2 want to know how you built the giant smoke ring machine @saengernola 
 women.weed.wifi is the seattle art collective looking to switch up the cannabis industry  via @thefader
 where theres smoke theres fire 
 needa smoke asap
 i dont smoke  but i need a cigarette... so over being stressed.
 whats for dinner smokey double jack tavern burger  wrapped in lettuce with bottomless 
 looking to rent a beach house w friends this summer amp i havent smoked weed in like 4 years  but damn if its compl 
 im telling yall if yall aint tried it smoke a blunt an drink a cappuccino 
 who trynna smoke
 i like to smoke a bunch of weed a night before my day off
 @patrickd1501 @deathvalleymom cancer is cancer bro ima smoke fat blunts and drink til i die lol not for everyone and i completely understand
 free smoke 
 when i finally start to like smoking  i have to wait cause i have to take a drug test  i just want to smoke a fat blunt
 if you think i got time to smoke an sit in a nigga face you got me bent pop in 2k or sumn
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 3001 kenyon ave  dirty yard. 
 ima start putting lots of shit about weed and dab
 bs  45 is still trying to create smokescreen arguments to cover his latest divisive lie and nunes trying to he 
 so i smoked like a whole pack of woods before 11am smh but hear me out though i wrote a banger  lol .
 how much  did smokey own big worm
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i think this weed has my in the right mindset for a nice shoulder day
 legalizing and regulating cannabis designing a framework | canadian nurse  via @canadanurses
 the fact that my dads okay with the idea of me smoking weed.. hes so understanding
 have you tried turning it off and on okay  just smoke some cookie and ill be over in 15 minutes 
 it bothers me that people can smoke cigs on campus
 colorado takes aim at the marijuana black market  cannabis via @entrepreneur 
 anyone who knows kendall knows he doesnt smoke  bro its so funny when i try and teach him how to inhale lmao
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 lucy invites judy to their vegetable garden. judy realizes its just a bunch of weed. lucy explains that its devils lettuce.
 just like hes hell bent on enforcing reefer laws  creating an expanding black market and higher crime rate. these 
 i wish i could still smoke  a blunt sounds hella good right now
 who wants to smoke
 imma smoke a wood to that 1 
 @kevdav1390 lol no ppl need to hold on to the past. for some its all they got. i just wanna kick it with that prof and smoke weed with her
 idc im spending a million on my weeding  idk how ill get that kind of money but its gonna happen
 that moment when you learn that one of best friends since freshman year smokes  i know what we doing next time i go to houston
 almost got smoked by the fucking 25
 free smoke free smoke
 difference between a flower and a weed is judgment
 unless youre bae or the weed man im likely never texting first. its just a fact.
 bet his old school ass smokes papers.
 now on to the smoked turkey legs hang out with us this morning here @pinkestparty only @wgxanews 
 free smoke raw tho.. but it kinda put me in the mind of summer 16 for some reason..
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 nothing is more annoying than my friends bringing weed around me when i constantly tell them im trying to quit like this shit is funny
 i just wanna smoke a blunt in a lambo with you. and then go somewhere average  looking a little better than average.
 skipped class to sleep in and they started weed eating right outside my window 
 not good idea legalizing marijuana. just look what the republicans are doing with the country now.
 pull up with a gar and we can smoke out 
 amp i smoke weed and never played sports to i aint good for shit 
 todays special from the kitchen smoked portobella grilled cheese w cheddar  spinach parsley 
 when you smoke before bed and wake up still high  thebest
 breaking down weed w acrylics is such a pain in the ass
 whos trynna smoke rn
 @realdonaldtrump do you smell smoke  thats trumpcare burning on the floor of the house.
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 el trabuco 1844 limited edition  the expert and novice smokers will enjoy the rich texture and 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i really dont like it when people smoke because thier depressed like go see someone about it not do drugs lmao
 must b nice to have loyal friends to smoke you out when youre broke  
 when u smoke grip gtgtgtgt
 when was the last time yall saw me not smoke i should stop this shit
 everybody smokes for different reasons lol   i smoke because that shit eases my mind amp puts me in another world 
 im out of weed and cigs and theres 0.39 in my bank account 
 when life is not coming up with roses  look to the weeds and find the beauty hidden within them. l.f. young 
 sorry for all the smoke in boone yall. turns out i did leave the stove on
 my one wanna go try hooters smoked wings
 nest protect is where home automation meets home safety call us to install smoke and co2 detector in your home tod 
 @johnnylingo what if u dont smoke
 sorry. i like to function when i smoke
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 thicker than hookah smoke.
 it smells like weed all over walmart
 dont mind my smoke  its just one of my vices.
 so what we get drunk so what we smoke weed were just having fun we dont care who sees...  @luciiaglz 
 i really need to cut back on weed for the better 
 he looks like he smoked a fat ass wood  not surprised 
 @ashlynadams69 at least i didnt say my heart is the shape of a weed plant
 people who shame moms for breastfeeding in public are likely the same ones who smoke 5 feet from entrances. mothersmilk breastfeedinpublic
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation radcliff  ky
 a smoke stupid lmaoooo
 @bdiddygm we might have to smoke a l with my son @eddycoll for his birthday dawg lol
 drinking a smoked bock by @goodwoodbrewing @ nulu bock fest   photo
 someone smoke w me
 @fourdayray has the best beer and smokey wings in town 
 i dont see how these pro athletes jeopardize their chance at millions to smoke weed.
 i just want someone to take me to a beach  drink a lil and chain smoke with me. lets talk about everything and look at the stars 
 im just tryna smoke a bowl but theres these little ass flies who literally wont stop bugging 
 dogs weed whacked  scared and in pain dog 
 then she had the nerve to say smoking weed is bad for you and you still do it.... someone get her okok
 1 like and jordy said hell smoke me out
 id rather smoke than drink
 you dont want no smoke baby you aint tough enough 
 i wonder if im good enough but maybe ive just had too much to drink  to smoke  to swallow im drownin up my sorrows
 finally gonna get to smoke 
 dude smoke w gay niggas   sorry bro i dont wanna no mo smoke w you
 my mom just found my weed...
 i drink  i smoke weed but that doesnt make me a bad person. what can i say i love to party... 
 im so mad because i couldnt find nobody with some weed and then wanae was supposed to leave me some benadryl and i cant find them 
 nah thats just to flaunt because some birds easily influenced by the idea of money and free weed  
 oh cool. i just caught some of my hair on fire trying to smoke out of the bong in the dark.
 someone come smokeeee
 omg i wanna smoke and watch psych
 they sell weed at walgreens on the strip
 bitch u dont smoke so stfu
 never smoked 
 whos tryna smoke
 cigarettes and weed both smell good to me
 @cooodicus also i debated against drug legalization because i was afraid of weed. dont hate me. 
 new 100 hemp yarn dyed short sleeve tees | made in the usa  5 colors total the one shown is 
 noooo... ive neber smoked crack
 see our latest charleston  wv job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 gah so cute smokeyyyyy 
 if i was a mom that smoked weed and liked jello my username would be bluntsandbundts
 this nigga asked me why was you coming around me if you wasnt interested uhhh youre the weed man you sell me weed tf.
 who is that girl that sings those struggle whisper runs at the beginning of free smoke
 see our latest enon  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 bro i just wanna smoke and go to sleep..
 its a good day to weed a flower bed 
 boy its poppin at sweet leaf marijuana centers
 this guy just sent me a picture of his cat cuddling weed to cheer me up 
 every sunday night wed smoke a l amp watch walking dead together if we were both off work.
 i spoke to the universe it spoke right back and truthfully i dont even smoke like that
 the washing machines are my school smell like weed 
 highkey smoked it
 you. dont. smoke. real dope.
 i knew my bestie was my soulmate when we smoked on the beach together at 11 at night
 i cant stand the hypocrisy of alcohol consumers judging recreational cannabis users.
 i just wanna count my bread   smoke some dope amp get some head
 post load out run for bozzre and smokes and snacks for load in on wensday at @wawa in richmond  va 
 wake up  smoke some  and go back to bed
 im at smokey bear rd in lebec  ca 
 damn my car still smells like marijuanaaa  my mom is gonna kill me
 ppl dont smoke weed to look cool  people smoke weed because their stressed tf out
 ready to smoke another blunt 
 stephan a marijuana  its bad for sports  its bad for america. lol you voted for trump didnt you bruh  espnfirsttake love this debate
 notes i take when im high off marijuana. 
 @bobston25318792 that smoke makes conjob look crooked as hell
 my system always got weed in it
 i smoke too much. taking a break until the weekend.
 i do what i want so i smoke a lot marijuana
 i didnt smoke at all yesterday  thats saying something
 you dont even smoke  
 ill smoke with a few of my niggas
 smell the weed as soon as you reach martinsburg.
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 okay i havent smoke but lalo  did give me a charged
 @debradigiovanni i will have a bunch of weeds soon.  i need to get rid of all those dandelions.  herbicide free dan 
 the food ok the beer warm @ 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in kissimmee  fl 
 my mans morgan freeman snorted weed.
 im bored at work. i want to smoke but im also trying to detox. help.
 dont smoke before your public speaking class bc youll end giving a persuasive speech about human cloning and genome editing 
 holay shit balls im getting my ass kicked at work  barely got in a smoke break
 me after i emerge from a 4 hr weed and audio book binge 
 @sensanders americans have a right 2 education. the idea is work amp save dont spend money on politicians  or weed o 
 imagine being so pressed for attention that you post something everytime you drink or smoke 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at us violetville baltimore  send message. 
 so starting may 1st i cant smoke until sept 19th 
 how do you eat edibles at least twice a week  but say you dont smoke thats sideways
 a flower never blooms if it holds onto the weeds below  speaks volumes
 oh lord ive worked hard all my lifetime  bought me a mercedesbenz now its broke and @mbusa is blowing smoke  warranty smoke  oh lord...
 she look smoked out 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 but i only smoke backwoods  
 if she listen to black smurf she make her own money and smoke her own weed.
 smoking weed to migos  its just me and mi amigos. frio
 weird chilling with old friends and not smoking cause i dont smoke weed no more
 trilogy will always be my favorite to smoke to
 @brenhaas a9 got a weed popper tool for lawn. genius tool  gardenchat
 @yungkekeb the smoke from yo balcony 
 im on weed amp she on molly
 @stephenasmith @firsttake are you dense or just ignorant to the subject weed could replace addictive amp lethal pain 
 not having weed makes me want to break my own nose
 @smoothieqwn rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 @gsanroman2 it seems marijuana diapensaries are keys to the formula for gentrification. injunctions  rents  drugs amp bars
 @motherjones trump no drink no drugs no weed. turn out like him.the poster boy for teachn children the positive b 
 niggas be paranoid riding round with weed that dont even be gas.   they not gone arrest you for that mid  just drive.
 i hate covering up the weed smell. i just wanna live my life 
 can somebody smoke wit me
 idk this a bad thing tbh idk the rules but ppl shouldnt smoke this shit indoors 
 you cant leave dallas without enjoying some bbq  so last night i ate all the meat at lockhart smokehouse in the b 
 at least back when i smoked  which i dont anymore 
 @bartees last weeks ep of voxs the weeds podcast.
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 who wants to smoke and go to breakfast 
 .@amyewalter compares the gops governing challenge is like the smoke monster from lost. 
 gotta smoke before i go to school so i dont end up slapping any of them ugly ass kids.
 my weed 
 yeah  i really wish marijuana was a feasible treatment option for my anxietyptsd.
 a lot of smoke in a story that @dnc  @cnn @msnbc wants to go away.
 im smoking bomb ass weed feeling crucial
 so i drink amp i smoke amp i ask if youre ever around..even tho it was me who drove us right into the ground
 life would be so ass without weed
 whos in chicago and wants to smoke 
 smoke at demo site of tampa tribune. fire trucks on the scene. white hazy smoke in downtown tampa along the riverwa 
 i swear the smoke alarms went off when i opened the door
 maryland would allow 5 more licenses to grow medical marijuana under a measure approved by the house of delegates 
 @tweetham good point. weeden. brandon weeden.
 even fatboy knows  we only smoke gas. so @fatboysse  skycamp wemc lordz 1wayup 
 i just smoked a blunt with yo girlfriend.
 only thing on my record is them misdemeanor weed charges which hasnt hindered me in any way
 sometimes you cant find the exit  so you light a cigarette and create smoke signals something has got to give
 pass the weed to the next nigga  my bitch dye her hair red for the set nigga 
 leah come over here smoke my weed eat my food ampthen complain about both of em.  all activities will take place at her house from now on.
 monsanto weed killer roundup faces new doubts on safety in unsealed documents 
 may your day be as flawless as your makeup. fiery red smokey eye look for a perfect glam 
 @sitdownash only people making money off of weed stocks are private company investors in canada n shit lol.
 lol yall got it ima get it under control ion want no smoke today  
 see our latest sedalia  mo job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 im from westtexas  our trucks are packed with coolers full of beer  rifles  pistols  shotguns  weed  bullets  whiskey  blood  spit amp cash
 im one of those stoner parents when my son is sleep i smoke me a face and even high i can still take care of my responsibilities  
 told the doctor i was a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 brown smoked em   chad couldnt keep up pass thrown way behind too 
 see what happened is the church was going to medicalize weed as a tradeout for the cocaine nuskin has been dealing. nope.
 when someone smokes so much weed they start to look hella slow amp dumb in the face  
 @tuffadams @ariefriedman good start.....   inject with butter  bacon grease  liquid smoke  and garlic...
 didnt know anyone still smoked these other than mr. loukes @ rhs. sugarbear @carlddoesit @sarnone @keeshman 
 lmao this use to be everybody after smoke sessions going back into school  
 who smokes  that lives in tampa .
 smell smoke sure. i think so.... chicagofire
 cosmic visions spiraling into the smoke  im ready to go.
 lets have a cigarette and then ill leave uh no  i want weed
 i gotta wash this smoke smell out my hair from the club saturday 
 name felipe smoke species comic relief  aliases fake oracle  fake huntress  powers puss amp purse   
 i want some weed man 
 i dont smoke like i used to
 holy shit ive smoked 10 prerolls so far today.....
 they dont want no smoke  they dont want no issues ...
 i need to smoke 
 i wanna smoke a blunt 
 my truck has the best smell on the inside. oilair freshener weedcigscologne
 @blurbette never seen bar fly but i loved smoke signals
 walked to the back of the store and it smell like straight weed
 gonna sell my soul so ill never have to pay for weed again
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 227299 garrett st  send message. 
 i wish it would stop raining so i could smoke my damn blunt bro
 ppl who brag about drinking amp smoking weed are so lame yeah well ppl who brag about pretty much anything are lame so like...
 i dont smoke but ill take a puff.
 holy smokes a 1941 rolls royce phantom iii. is this the one al capon drove houlovesautos houstonautoshow 
 update. i bought weed
 i dont smoke that flavor  they harsh... 
 i dont want a smelly ass hoe stinkin up my room and my whip  shit smells worse than my weed
 @andrewgxyz @cozerdim @salon you are going down the ideological purity path that led to trump. obama and marijuana 
 bro i hate pcwest... who tf smoked a cigarette in the bathroom
 i love weed lol
 all i think about is shopping  music  and marijuana.
 im probably one of like 5 people on my tl that doesnt smoke or do drugs lmao
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 134 south gilmor street baltimore  send messa 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4311 belvieu ave  send message. 
 sen ojeda speaking in favor. says medical marijuana could help people with ptsd.
 miamidade has the highest share of doctors licensed to prescribe medical marijuana. mmj 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2819 wilkens ave  send message. 
 dog to vet i cant stop shaking...  vet youve got barkinsons.  dog lolz gimme some weed  vet here chu go.
 @vincentcassuli @newyorker if thats ur idea of a salad then god help u how about hemp or coconut oil. btw  no re 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 all the smoke 
 i havent smoked all day   and then u try to throw me attitude nigga got me bent 
 choke on the smoke.
 so everyone smokes now ..
 just told my moms to smoke that kush....bossest shit ill do this week
 my stomach is my ass and all this nigga wanna do is fuck and smoke  feed me first
 new orleans girls love smoking weed.
 do you really believe what gms are saying this time of year its all smoke and mirrors 
 new episode  smoking weed moonrocks in a joint   via @loadedupent
 @skidddz just attempted to make chicken  filled the house with smoke amp set the smoke detectors off  threw it all away amp left for chipotle 
 its sad how hateful people are toward smokers  just for breathing
  smoke what 
 no ones ever down to come smoke hookah w me 
 flames are gone but smoke continues to pour from houses at maclay amp 4th hbg. impressive showing from hfd. 
 where can i find hemp milk 
 its making me sad thinking about how long i havent smoked 
 i wanna smoke in bed 
 aaand your bitch break down my weed sometimes
 i wanna hit the joint like 2x and ion even smoke 
 quit smoking weed brandy  
 but why does everything always have to be about weed or drug related   like i can never realate 
 holy smokes the machine was not behaving tonight at least i have some done success completion 
 0530 got smoke 
 .@presssec dont talk about stuff you dont know. marijuana is not the opioid epidemic. are you a doctor or a cop
 just realized the reason i havent ate in three days is cause i havent smoked all week
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 514 south bentalou street baltimore  send mes 
 fuck you thought you was gonna smoke..... dick 
 pulling up in dick appointment gear and no weed smh... shit really be sad
 proof weed is a gateway drug. i stay eating these when im stoned 
 so 10 days without alcohol easy peasy where the weed at 
 @opieradio best quote with ever she sounds like shes chewed dicks and smoked cigarettes for years.
 why does my ubr smell like weed
 thurs half sandosoup lunchspecial is @rebelyellbourbon pulled pork  smoked slaw  on dongphuong french w chicken 
 todays smoke sesh was really good
 this weed chocolate bar has 750mgs of thc.  the sisters who run this shop make their own 
 idk how i like smokey eyes on me 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3504 e fairmount ave  send message. 
 if yall havent smoke a fat ass blunt and then after she ate the soul food out your pussy you aint living right
 lots of debating  details  and the audacity of smelling cannabis smoke at the final meeting for 
 ima smoke a massive amout of bud tonight at kytae show ...literallylit
 @notafumeta @weedessence gotta love a hottie that smokes
 a female that smoke more then me is never a good sign
 i wish i could fuck  smoke weed amp sleep all day but i gotta get this money.
 see our latest evansville  in job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 @bestbuy we smoked a pork shoulder amp they make incredible pulled pork sandwiches   gamedayeats  sweepstakes
 my life is weeding out all the irrelevant people and its pretty great
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  lets keep sharing the wave
 @bukowskiquote. i agree  because many will abuse marijuana...
 smoke my reefer amp go bout my day 
 nomsmokers what comes to yall mind when somebody is around that smells like weed
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 101299 eareckson pl  send message. 
 hell yeaah or smoked it  
 fuck 420 im smoking now.  @theweeknd   high for this todays smoke song. 
 they wasnt high off no weed tho  
 has multiple connects until time of buying weed
 should i smoke and then shower or 
 shared ubers are awkward  especially when the girl next to me is blatantly talking about venmoing  to get weed. 
 we get it you smoke 
 i ran out of alien weed and am losing respect
 lmao adea aint play me back because i didnt smoke w her
 everybody claim they smokers but when i pull up with 5 blunts they tap out 
 is that smokey robinson scandal
 got caught smoking weed by the police today...
 i just a wanna rap and smoke good weed
 my brother in law and sister and i have been trying to get my mom to go to bed for hours so we can smoke a blunt. how old are we again
 its like every time i smoke now i get hellaaaaaa sleepy.. not the wave rn.
 i smoked too many cigarettes and now feel like shit will be the title of my autobiography
 ltnoppagt weed dont inhale and you will become the next president
 i need a smoking buddy das always down to smoke wid me
 @theblackballerz @mainefinfan @houtz im going to bed enjoy your weed
 its like buying a perfume that smells like weed and not getting high  nia @tumsssakin get yo mans 
 im really the chillest person to smoke with
 me wow  im gonna smoke a bowl and go to bed.  brain get emotional about your ex for the first time in months.
 specials comin atcha...vegetable strudel wminted pea puree  smoked tomato glaze  baby kale salad eatyourveggies h 
 @ptxthingsfirst tbh i know youll end up going for the chain smokers and thats ok i understand
 love how my sister calls me randomly to smoke me out 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1914 wilkens avenue baltimore  
 smoking weed 247 
 this is why i dont smoke. shit be still hitting me the day after.
 i will smoke someone out if they give me a ride home
 dang i thought i was the only one.. same here  rt @juliacolomo i hate serving  i have nightmares almost daily about being in the weeds
 at 18  i can enlist  but i cant smoke or drink as i go down in a ball of flames   my drug dealer never cards me. ill stick to crack.
 im smoking that weed everyday but never hide my faith
 i won the megamillions bigspender 4naire @ lucky news amp smoke shop 
 i think if you were to make a wv scented candle it would be piss amp cigarette smoke
 coffee  weed  sex amp donuts.  its been a great morning.  happy friday everyone. 
 if they only hit you up to smoke yall arent friends
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3224 normount avenue baltimore  send message. 
 stop smoking weed and answer the phone so you can make tons of money and buy more weed and stop answering the phone 
 u smoke weed bro
 vday used to be all jewelry amp romance. now im like if u really love me all gifts should come in the form of liquor  weed  amp sexual favors.
 i was about to smoke outside  yea right...bow face to the crib everybody
 just trying to finish my homework so i can smoke lol
 gorsuch prosecutors will almost always overlook marijuana crimes but the tax man never will. 808 f.3d 813  814 2015 quote shortened.
 people passin faster than im passin weed
 i got a lot of weed i got a lot of money i can buy a lot of weeeeeeed
 does anyone have a fulltime weed dealer in tipton seems like everyone here doesnt know its a career.
 im tryna smokeeeeeeeee  pull up n match 
 hang n smoke w me
 tonightif yall got nothing to do be here and smoke some hookah 
 all i smoke is killa...yo bitch look like thriller
 posted with @rekonetup in the smokers section theunityproject santaanaheim repost 
 i have a really bad headache and i want to smoke but if i take my car out i wont find parking
 end 3q hempstead boys lead wahlert  4644.
 in the last 20 minutes my brother has told my dad that i pierced my tongue and that i smoke weedmy car smells like weed
 and swallowed the toothpaste  went for a walk  it was late afternoon  bought a pack of smokes  then called an ambulance.
 with a very precious friend from so long ago @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  
 im high on the weed and the xanny i find it uncanny  theres so much poonani
 just seconds before the hotel room got smoked out...  mobbing with the sewasquad 
 healthy kids smoke broccoli
 my cats hid my weed
 looking good katie nice looking bag of weed too. plenty of specials heading your way. magnoliawellness sativa 
 free smoke  anyone can get it nigga no joke
 i need some weed with my hennessy
 but i didnt even smoke
 ppl are lame. if anyone wants to smoke until i work come overrr
 you smashing for weed. you not bae  you are a fiend with a supplier. 
 i love weed 
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 i wish my pops would like weed  id roll us a fat ass joint right about now.
 already late to work so fuck it im smoke this blunt
 when the weed dealer says he has fruity pebbles 
 @realdonaldtrump amen to that  let them put that in their pipe and smoke it  all of your supporters are proud of you  go trump train
 holy smokes yall. when did this kid grow up man i love her. isnt she beautiful 
 the perfect saturday morning hangover cure smoked salmon pastrami benedict on brioche at the 
 i just wanna smoke in general. but fuck this tolerance break 
 lol he wanna mess up the whole day because he cant smoke annoying af.
 just want to smoke my life away got so much on my mind and dont know what to do
 i got a stronger relationship with my weed man than some of my friends sad
 saturday is for the smoke @ colonial williamsburg 
 only weed  ion do all that other shit. 
 this how i be after i smoke omg 
 lexi cant hide weed young
 heres smokey
 fuck smoke on the water im down here in lgi tearing fish up hammered drunk
 my brother think all i do is smoke 
 i wanna smoke but then ima really be hungry 
 i sound like a combination of kermit the frog and a smoker today
 seattle smokes swishers smh its a fucking mission finding backwoods out here
 anyone wanna drink dope and smoke beer
 pussy weed and alcohol plus dat cash go wit it
 im broke but you hit me everyday to smoke you out for free kill that noise rn 
 the fact that cigs are legal but weed still isnt 
 yo kids first stop sign in the hood is a bad place to smoke a blunt..thinking about giving them the biz and calling the police.
 @aetv livepd has marijuana become more pungent and concentrated from 40 years ago how do you smell it when not lit
 being raised right doesnt mean you dont drink  party  and smoke. being raised right is how you treat people  your manners amp respect.
 @bossladyraerae   tbh  if weed kills ...  i should have been dead 1000 times already ...
 i mock the phd radiation therapist friend of my ex who enjoyed judging my use of marijuana.  i wish he could have seen how my mom died.
 what if i told you i ingest massive amounts of weed  and i make money.  and pay taxes.  and i am carrying burdens  not being one.
 sipping smoker @alexxguarderas 
 i be gettting irrated so quick when i dont smoke lol i need help 
 bitch im looking good and i smell lik a pound of weed
 just finished weeds on netflix and im heartbroken 
 @volthoff @matthiaswrnl @cyclonealert247 oh by far imho. not sure what it costs but it weeds out the freeloaders that dont really care
 @beauhossler on 18 @farmersinsopen after he smoked a young tyke 
 late night smoke session hmmm... 
 this cali weed another level 
 fine hoes cant smoke for free either buddy 
 someone better blood test @feliceherrig cuz she just smoked grasso.
 my heart beating so fast smoke be worrying tf outta me omg
 305 am and im stuck at frat with no ride but they have hella weed so im just sittin pretty 
 need someone to smoke with and talk too rn
 did high times just say the cannabis community doesnt leave trash behind image below is ht in 2013 not cleaning u 
 keep vaping girl  it gets soooo much easier to not smoke i promise 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 smoke now or smoke later 
 sure i take a little more jack in my coke now  little more high in my smoke now
 fund candidates who fight obstructionists to marijuana legalization httpst.coz7npkgzpns @bigmikeadvanced 
 had a moment and flushed lyk 30 bucks of weed down the toilet last night  because i deserve better lmao
 @lesleybanh i feel  both of my parent smoke and i think its so gross
 i smoked all my weed 
 those who dont need marijuana hate those who need  deliverately to experience lyrics for when extacy is experienced in unison
 @millyionsss flatbush. i need to smoke 
 happy super bowl smoke a bowl
 i seriously read my notes in my phone and ask myself what crack do i smoke
 i need to smoke too
 i dont understand how people smoke cigarettes in a house
 hey grwilliams86 ... why you no with us 4riverssmokehouse @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 i want to smoke a superbowl.
 hate and anger are weeds in your hearts garden. pluck them out and watch something beautiful grow in their place.
 i... cant wait to smoke them all 
 i cant wait to post a picture later of a pipe wit marijuana with caption dat say super bowl
 truly really ate my weed
 its all that and a bag of weed
 alright pledges  its time to smoke a super bowl if you truly want to become brothers. superbowlsunday 
 holy smokes patsnation
 youll never guess who wants to see marijuana lega... 
 when u find out 420 is weed day bc weed burns at 420 
 my biggest pet peeve okay nothing to the people that smoke weed and all that but listen
 an underdog  married to a foreign smokeshow surprises everyone with a come from behind win...have you heard this story before merica
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 karina works at a dispensary and always has good weeddabs she knew i had cramps and has me on dabs 
 i got different weed for different situations
 id be like  well in that case let me get 3 and ill smoke a blunt with you and youll feel better 
 love guys that dont smoke.
 i went outside to smoke on the balcony and its raining bad 
 im at brunch at this upscale restaurant and deadass me and my waiter spent 10 minutes talking about weed
 ranchers pie is like shepherds pie served on corn bread with smoked chicken instead of beef wash it down with a 
 shouldnt have smoked last night
 bout to pop this advil  smoke sum amp try to make this a good day.
 i cant wait til it gets warm enough to go to the docks and smoke again lol you appreciate toledos architecture so much better over there.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 863 west lombard street baltimore  send message.
 white weed dealers customer service so good chik fil a could take notes
 ima smoke this bowl outside because i can
 take some weed for myself home you da real mvp  get high off a little bit of weed you real too.
 florida department of health holds first medicinal marijuana workshop in jacksonville  by @jaxdotcom florida policy
 do you trust what i trust me myself and i. penetrate the smoke screen i see through the selfish lie metallica
 so just coffee and weed huh
 hows ya name take off and you get smoked 
 anybody trying to smoke a blunt 
 finally our dinner date at momofuku i ordered the pork ramen and darren had the smoked pork 
 if we gone smoke you cant tap out after 2 sweets 
 idaho would lock me up for some weed tho i bet 
 how hot do i like my showers  you ask hot enough that the steam sets off the smoke alarm.
 i have like half an o but nobody wants to smoke
 ion smoke liquor nomore
 you need to smoke weed to do this   
 hella extra like the rain is not that bad like chill and smoke a blunt uggggh
 i miss the tangerine flavored weed
 gonna smoke and play in the snow by myself
 @wtae @beauwtae to give you an idea  penn hills has police and has about 9m budgeted for police in 2017. hempfield twp uses state police
 @falkentyreuk @rockinghamuk @officialbtra 4 rear tyres  twice the smoke
 alcohol vs weed 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1710 barclay st  send message. 
 @governortomwolf gov wolf legalizes marijuana amp r youth in er in hospital bc of it 
 i smoke alotta weed to keep them bitches off my mind
 tucker tigers 2017 tennis   growling  growing  @ smokerise bath and racquet 
 still straight with the weed and the liquor these days cuz the new drugs got the kids trippin these days
 @imlowkeyfamous a legal marijuana dealermarijuana vending machine  at least thats the only time ive heard it used.
 bringing back one of our original beers opening day smoked choco stout and a cherry version tap at 3pm tomorrow 
 chase got new york for the life  we out of state  cant smoke a bone in the staircase with out gettin chased
 @siut666 bitch go shower so we can smoke
 nothings worse than having to conserve the last bit of weed
 incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414 
 remember guys  for all the lovely ladies out there you cant go wrong on weed and chocolate...  
 me and mama nae havin a smoke break together 
 need me a girl to smoke the days away with.
 sb6 engross industrial hemp research rules 
 get excited to share they weed wit hoes who aint matchin 
 whos trying to smoke and go watch a movie with me
 everybodys so high strung and sensitive over everything political like cant everyone chill lol smoke a blunt or somethin yall cray
 take note smokers... 50 would rather lick dogs bum hole than kiss your stanky cig breath. not sure what other evi 
 all seven of my roommates smoke weed  its fucking great
 gotta smoke to cope w this boring ass shit
 so who wants to smoke a blunt w me and just talk for a hour or two 
 but im not a smoker
 in la and im weedless
 @tuckercarlson @brithume the can a ll smoke more weed sing cumbyyain their berkinstocks
 amp smoking weed.
 no more weed smoke  for me 
 but i could smoke on the way
 bought a zip and gave my best friend some free weed cus thats my day 1
 hate peoples who smoke cigarettes its so disgusting.
 mother at mic says her doc too fearful to order medical marijuana under amendment 2 for her son.
 my niggas savage amp wild   theyll smoke ya like a black and mild.
 smoke weed like a crackhead
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes available   job
 wet burnt ends drippin  brisket burnt ends smoked with stl sweet bbq. chedda cheese  tobacco onions  pickles  hon 
 lol wait i need to smoke 
 @stevedeangelo i just wanted to thank you. you are a giant upon whose shoulders we stand. cannabiswellness hempbatterplanet
 who wanna make some gas and smoke some gas with me and peanut 
 i dont smoke or drink but im lowkey trying to get lit.
 .@daylinleach on abortion bill how can we pass sb3 wo having hearings we had 6 hearings on my medical marijuana bill before enactment
 in the hills sum wea n cali finna go smoke sum mo trees and mo s  yfnshit @ hollywood sign 
 i self medicate my bipolar disorder with weed and lsd
 @sublimewithrome the offspring  bad habit when you smoke 2 joints   jonesbeachtheater sat  sept 16 jonesbeach  
 i swear all my clothes have a permanent smoke smell to them 
 eat the pussy like i smoked a bunch of weed and got the munchies 
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 my neighbor beggin me to sell her some weed hoe i aint got shit for you im soldout
 the man that claims that good people dont smoke marijuana is going to represent the entire country as attorney g 
 chef bobs homemade keg smokers. @ golden nugget hotel amp casino 
 ima smoke and take charlie on a walk see if that helps
 i pick lil mama up amp put weed in the air now im smashing from the back amp pullin weave out her hair
 @daniellebatesss @allymalo im just singin girl i dont smoke 
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern state parkway
 fuck sterling he killed my kousin ova a qtr or weed   fuck ya boy an what you stand for  restinpeacemonte
 we just finished part 2 and honestly...... i forgot how heart warming it was... i love smokey and suzie and erina and speedwagon so much
 coming soon to @bobbysdeerfield. our version of the classic croque madame sandwich. smoked ham  
 your wcw smokes g
 if u think ur above others because you dont  drink  smoke  have sex  eat mcdonalds pls get the fuck out of my life and everyone elses
 ima just smoke hookah since i cant smoke anymore lol
 @iamlegand97 get me slapping for my bday and ill give you some weed brownies to pass around make you the cool guy 
 if i could go back  i would have not hit that blunt and started smoking weed.
 im just tryna smoke
 finna smoke
 f u smokey 
 my moms friend gave us weed 
 i swear one of the neighbors is growing weed. my room always smells like it.
 @drxwlf smoke a bowl
 me to but i have nowhere to smoke 
 he dont want smoke 
 work  smoke  work smoke smoke
 bout to smoke these grams
 a girl like you pretty  blonde  smokes pot. you have to have been with at least 8 guys.  yes that makes a lot of sense.
 bbq lunch @ kennys smokehouse in plano  tx 
 i need to smoke a fat blunt
 there is seriously something wrong with me. i stayed up till 5 last night and i smoked. smoking usually works
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1617 gleneagle road baltimore  
 the whole crib is available for usage if you wanna smoke  blow in the garage 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2701 saint paul st  send message. 
 the day i actually woke up early to get some work done   hempfield actually decides to cancel  okay
 imma nap for abt a hour   eat   study   take my exam   hit up the gym   homework   then smoke . lol it sound like im busy asl 
 @politicsnewz in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @nolanews legalize. in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery 
 @marijuanaposts in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 i probably should not have just smoked that whole blunt to my face...... but im not at work so its okay  right
 well to anyone that smoked w me recently... yall now got strep too
 about to smoke this fat ass wood then another wood causefujhhh
 @tiedyesrusangel @mike1ac sorry kids but lungs werent made for smoke of any kind.
 if you cant smoke in yo house you dont need to be smoking 
 were sitting there talking and chilling   then shes like oh do you wanna smoke im like shit were at a interview on break   should i 
 who got the weed man
 dinner out with friends...xoxo @ smokers embassy cigar bar 
 im working w neighbors amp the hempstead co. ext agent on something similar  @cdicentral @uaexedu. look t
 id rather smoke outta water bottle than a joint bro. unless that shit fat and rolled good asf i hate them hoes. takes 3 just to get high
 damn been over 4 months since i lasted dabbed and a week since i last smoked week i know it aint a lot but its a start 
 come 2 sidebar tonight amp come kick it w me  amp smoke me out    
 @thechrisfong @joyannreid true.  and bernie made some big mistakes.  he wrote off the black vote in the south and got smoked.  he lost.
 why tf do people smoke cigs  its so nasty
 she then said marijuana as marrajuhwanna. im done.
 why was i singing in class and my chinese teacher was like you get some weed yesterday mr. yan stay comin at me 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 come join us at commonwealth on wednesday  february 22nd at 7pm for culture amp cannabis 
 5 people have asked me to smoke with them today i feel so honored
 swear all i need is beer and weed and im good
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4114 frederick ave  
 fuck bad bitches   smoke big blunts who am i to tell you different you only live once
 had these two guys pull up next to us in a car trying to sell us weed and i forgot their number  tookanltoday
 when the marijuana craving is 2 real 
 @alanawhitee i hate people that say i smell like weed every day
 we get it. you smoke 
 i aint pop pills or snort shit just been smokin weed like 6 months dang prosper
 who wants to grow weed we have clones that give you the perfect head start pick one up today 
 its crazy how medicinal marijuana is
 this guy snaps the weed hes growing amp im watching him fuck it up its so funny lol
 all my sister does is send me weed memes on instagram and i dont know whether to be worried about her or what she thinks of me...
 also smoked cocktails were a trend 5 years ago. 
 i dont like drinking. i rather smoke 10 joints than take a shot tbh. they can have that shit .
 its a frosty friday here in the great white north lgbtq village @461churchstreet @ cannabis 
 i dont smoke weed but yo shit smell like mid
 actually ur mcm is prob on his way to being something in life and doesnt smoke weed at all
 i need some weed
 ignore how ugly i am for taking a vid of me vaping but seriously i cant stop fucking laughing at the smoke only co 
 the weed is strong on this one... @965thebuzz
 @joybeharswagg i just got weed amp cookies  i should be cool in a minute 
 should marijuana be legalized for recreational purposes if yo say no  explain why
 mixing medical marijuana with prescription pills thats lit
 that awkward moment when you smoke a blunt with an ex and realize it halfway thru the blunt.
 cause im a pimp when i drink so i limp when i walk i drag my feet but when i smoke i just side defy the laws of gravity
 and people are in jail for weed possession  welcome to the ontario justice system 
 snow plows and salt trucks aint got no love for hempstead snowstorm 
 nobody have to fight you to off weed any rehab
 house full of smokers and i cant find any lighters
 how do they not know what a adios or liquid marijuana drinks are in new york
 and thousands of people die from legal substances  but cant smoke weed
 rn we would ft amp id watch this nigga smoke
 this is some good ass weed yall. whoever jnaija got served from today hmllllll pls  
 bruh i need to smoke 
 its 516 and this bitch up praising my dick giving skills i wish she would shut up while we smoke or doze off
 we gonna wake up the neighbors treefer can smoke up acres  so slime @jeromemilly1
 if the past few years have taught me anything  its that friendship is a smokescreen. the people you think are solid turn out to be mirrors.
 this aint no mid in this blunt  i smoke det xookie for lunxh 
 @aigkenham except for guys on burros and some smoke signals. but somehow your blog will still work and your little lambs will bring
 liquid marijuana is officially my favorite drink. soo good 
 hate when a nigga try to make conversation in the middle of a deal  like i js came for the weed thats it 
 a free venti triple shot smoked butterscotch latte from @starbucks has got me ready for this tech weekend. 
 i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive
 its been so long since i seen my eyes white you know i smoke like dry ice
 im her senpai  smoking hella weed watching hentai  
 this duck is in front of me and my smokes going in its face lol i wonder if its getting high
 my daddy used to tell me theres a lot of fish in the sea  but theres also a lot of fucking money bitches and weed
 the whole 23rd floor smells like weed
 you want smoke whats up
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   huntsville  al
 i went to a smoke shop and they gave me a free pack of king size joint papers and a free lighter just because i played with there dog
 @esaulron bbq sandwich  @ 2m smokehouse amp catering 
 drinking a hazy train by @fieldworkbrewco @ smoke eaters  
 alex needs to come home so i can smoke and see 50 shades darker
 2 balt co firefighters were taken to the hospital after crews arrived for heavy smoke coming from a parkville home. 
 all i smoke is killa  yo bitch she look like thrilla
 @arzaylea @zacpattacky i really like this statement bc xanax is a hard drug and is addicting. marijuana helps just as much amp isnt addicting
 if i smoke this blunt bitch im gone forget you 
 ask my nigga cheeze where the weed roll that kill up
 i crack up everytime i look at kaines twitter cause all he would rt is weed tweets  you can look at his twitter amp already know
 donthecon is in the weeds golfing with the bagman of russia naturally  putin would have been waayy too conspicuou 
 who appreciates a smoke out 
 i stg when get good amp not be sick no more im facing like 3 blunts man  i havent smoked in a min 
 i need to smoke right now
 i remember my first weed
 @thastonernation somewhere in arizona a neonazi walking to get weed like 
  was great . nw self time mood tired of it . fuccit smoke a couple then bed for wrk in 
 my uber driver has a staten island accent and is talking about smoking weed a customer gave him. liveitup
 this would be lit if it was backwoods rt @creoiepatra smokeable arrangements throwing hints  
 i should do more on my days off than smoke and sleep
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhjh
 @hippieoflove check this sight out smokeable art   @tonygreenhand
 gas what we smoke
 smoked all her weed and kick her out 2017
 all i wanna do is smoke weed and eat honey buns whats so bad about that
 people who smell like weed in the morning need a spanking.
 im trynna smoke
 and ion even smoke 
 i bet jamaican weed sooooo fire
 the biggest weed i smonkd  
 and now ive lost my weed 
 if you buy pizza bagels. i assume you smoke a lot of weed
 bro favorite question you wanna smoke  
 i just smoke gas and mind my business.
 all i smoke is killer your bitch look like thriller 
 that smokes cigarettes for a living. i sound bad
 im anti social id rather smoke vlone
 been smoke free for over a month now. how bout dattt
 smoking weed is so natural to me i feel like im supposed to do it
 i cant wait to get home and smoke a fat backwoods
 whats worse than not having weed having weed and nothing to smoke out of
 why do people smoke in their cars nasty......
 drinking a hella revised by @altamontbw @ smoke eaters  
 my bitch rollin my weed  she aint even smoke it
 i dont wanna smoke alone 
 if all you post on your snapchat story is you smoking weed and singing into the camera then im very sorry for you and i hope you get a life
 think im just going to smoke a blung on my way to school that way my face will be puffy anyway it wont matter
 to smoke or not to smoke
 the gag is actually love tame impala and smoked weed to them virtually nonstop in college 
 every time i do a north bay show  someone puts some  weed in my hand. blessed
 smoke good weed ah bad chick  
 i havent smoked herb in 2 days lol amazing
 i still cant believe someone asked obama if he inhaled when smoking weed and he said thats the point  i miss him ily @potus44
 i need to smoke rn.
 @ryannxx way more weed there i used to go there
 so i smoke this loud cause you wont be quiet
 still dreaming about breakfast yesterday from @townehouserest  a smoked salmon scramble. so 
 armed amp dangerous  aint too many can bang wit us  straight up weed no angel dust  label us notorious  thug ass niggas that love to bust
 i asked the waitress at waffle house one time if the cook smoked before they cooked my food and she got offended 
 see our latest circleville  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 seat way back listenin to anita baker  ridin by myself smokin weed by the acre
 when friend 1 is about to leave so you flash friend 2 your weed cause friend 1 never puts in
 roll up to smoke my sense away
 mwa presents aroma thursdays @ kabin dc ...... pull up smoke your gas  drink good and network 
 every time i come into my english class at least 1 person smells like weed. 
 when the weed so loud you gotta put it in the gas tank 
 doctor said not to smoke for 2 days  ion know bout alllllllat
 i love weed 
 havent smoked in 4 days  took one hit amp now im literally moving in slow motion lol
 we all in our feels today lets smoke.
 certifeyecomp smokey and colorful@certifeyetweet 
 shoot ya weed man if ya dope aint smokin
 im baby free and i have weed lol 
 aint smoked in a week im high asf 
 i dont even want a boyf just a friend i can chill   smoke amp do stuff with . keep intouch   i hold you down you hold me up type shit 
 i smoke too much
 if you aint on shit  if you tryna smoke you can hit my line.
 need more weed
 these hoes be 20  smoke all day  laid up with they no good nigga amp giving him all ha money while ha kids be starving tf kinda shit is that
 im the professional smoker  
 i turned down free weed on friday bc i rlly dont love life
 every beauty guru uploaded the same makeup look for valentines day. like easy soft pink rose gold heart smokey blowjob eye w fake lashes.
 even weed comes in a hundred different gummy flavors 
 watching the thrillseekers debut match in smokey mountain wrestling on the @wwenetwork what a trip @lancestorm amp @iamjericho vs the infernos
 just woke up out of nowhere guess im gunna smoke a face
 @selfaddicted mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @4foren mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @vibelygod mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @northcaptainwfp mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 all you do is smoke tobacco.
 this guy meets all weed vaping stereotype criteria. well done @vice 
 im at randys smokehouse amp bbq in new boston  tx 
 hey mr weedman pick up my phone call 
 i need weed
 didnt miss florida weed and pricing thats for sure
 i met this girl who said she wanted to be friends and smoke buddies  so we go back to her place for some bong rips right...
 my stupid fucking paisa ass gardener was in the same spot i swear for 30 minutes w his fuckin weed wacker.... i slammed my window he looked
 i dont like the smell of cigarette smoke and i will lysol you
 smoke some ganja amp call it a real vday
 well kick it back smoke blunts and chill yeah chi sig definitely has the best chant
 @thewilliamlogs become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 my wife is my first and only true love. bbq is probably somewhere up there. celebrated w a smoked brisket french d 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 420 s wolfe st 
 having a half pound of weed for personal smoke in california is normal  aint nobody gonna rob me for being normal 
 wow enjoying the islay whiskey taste in it great smell of peat and smoke... battle axe  photo
 mary jane bruh  i smoked my last bowl last night  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2604 foster ave  
 28 days weed freeeee longest stretch in 4 years
 im 20 lmao nice try though son i like the dedication i already tweeted the money was going to my food and weed 
 how do people smoke in there houses and cars and live in that shit every single day
 when your valentines day cooking  smoke alarms and calls from your security company 
 @finebaum bama leads the nation in defense and players arrested for weed
 bitches will spend they last on weed amp not feed they kids chasing behind a nigga that got outta jail amp dont answer the phone for you ho 
 someone bring a rillo ill smoke
 manafort  page  now flynn. how much smoke does the @gop need before they realize this administration is burning impeachtrump
 dangerously bored  might take a nap since all these mfs flaking and i cant smoke 
 im jealous of money clubs spending cash on young players. lots of them. then weeding out the ones who dont make it. chelsea  psg  citeh
 gonna roll and smoke a spliff all by myself when i get home to celebrate valentines day.
 these hoes go be stuck in michigan forever fucking with them dead ass swipers  them dead ass weed mans
 @sippyscenes smoke monster gotta eat. poor bastard got a lousy residuals deal from l o s t.
 thrown in cuffs for a little bit of weed fuck new hampshire
 i just wanna smoke and call it a night
 great smoke for tonights club night. @myfatherdpg 
 all this complaining about the russians is a bs smokescreen because we have the enemy living within us 
 @trevordebenning @arifleischer the certain reality  it would seem  is that it is more smoke in an already smokey situation
 i honestly dont understand how i used to smoke so much pot.. now i take one hit and am retarded
 fuck with me amp get smoked or fuck with me amp smoke too
 @kreayshawn will you smoke with me if i come 
 @krisslax yeah its a lot of pressure then ill smoke to get my mind off it then ion be wanting to do shit cause i be tired
 ion kno much about weed but this dont look right 
 if i dont have sex right after i smoke  i feel like time goin slow as hell. im feeling like that right now rotfllll
 only smoke blaxks
 good head and good weed still onedeep
 seeing people smoke outside of a cancer hospital makes me want to rip my hair out 
 my car smells like cigarette smoke amp have no idea why 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1110 west pratt street baltimore  send message.
 this migos album is a true weed plate.
 construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road 
 just realized i got weed in my shit lol
 @richie2592 have you heard gun smoke prod by white marley by @realwhitemarley on soundcloud np 
 tired of you bitches wasting weed  
 yo he sound and look just like my grandpa and he smoke weed just like him doppelganger 
 shell always float back through my mind like smoke
 @simplemane used to get sold these at the exxon by me when i was super young and wed hang in the woods and smoke em like little badasses
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 11800 block of ne holladay st  portland  or portland fire rp17000013923 1512
 ill spend 200 on weed before i blow it on clothes
 why you flexing boy you dont want no smoke
 happy valentines day to my lovely bride meda 1 day late  but plenty of ny strip grilling in the weber smokey moun 
 i like ft while i smoke lol for what
 . @jpetersoninutah sees discussion of allowing medical marijuana by lawmakers  but may not be as quick as before given new trump admin
 she looks like the lady who used to come into blacks that smoked newport shorts and would play scratch offs and get 
 main reason i smoke cigarettes is cause stores have a minimum credit card purchase amount when all i want is a god damn liter of cola.
 all i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed  really nothing too drastic
 lets smoke summmm or what 
 i thought jax was about to say i was a joker  smoker  midnight toker. pumprules
 rapper weed 
 i remember me amp melissa lost weed in her car and found it like 2 months later 
 i woke up thinking about weed. weedporn
 cant put weed before school anymore   gotta focus on the benjisssssssss 
 and i dont even smoke 
 assembly corrections committee hearing delayed for a few minutes because of odd smoke smell that needs 
 hold up i need a smoke break before i do anything
 why is marijuana not legal in va yet is the real question
 the weed man always playing in his ass.
 if i smoke this black its gone put me to sleep
 @nickiminaj girl what have you been smoking you have not been good since the day you smoked that blunt smoking isnt for you onika
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 i smoked the day before my drug test and still passed.... thank god for detox drinks 
 someone come help me take copious amounts of dabs and smoke copious amounts of weed w me.
 border patrol intercepts marijuana  makeshift ferry along rio grande 
 @anpalacios5 maybe a video will surface of him smoking weed out of a gas mask lol
 until 2018  dispensarys selling marijuana to people over 21 without a rec is still illegal um
 when he find the weed you hid from yoself
 lunchtime broccoli  cauliflower  carrots  honeydew  cantaloupe amp pineapple sprinkled with chia  buckwheat amp hemp s 
 my smoked turkey leg. @ osceola county fair kvls 
 nothing like a good smoke. arturofuente @ havana mix cigar emporium 
 my attitude is on 1000 right now and i have a crazy headache. going to clean my car then smoke  hopefully that helps
 i like bill maher.  a liberal who can think. it probably occurs after smoking weed or while  reading the constitution. @billmaher @donal
 sal argento should make more i smoke weed but not actually jokes
 i just pulled a dollar out of my cigarette pouch that was covered with and smelled like marijuana
 theres an artificial smokescreen working for show 2 and its a huge improvement 
 @kerved join us were dropping smokelees
 where my weed man at
 5 reasons why i hate the rave 15 it smells like weed.
 you dont want smoke with my gangmb
 just smoke a blunttttt
 people gotta lie on you or make up bullshit to make it right nigga i aint never used nothing but weed amp a lil water that suit wasnt right
 i keep forgetting my step sister is only 11 and its inappropriate to talk about smoking weed and one night stands 
 i smoked a backwood to my self at  8 in the fucking morning and its been raining since
 @legendblueshirt nothing you build can beat weedh tho
 smell of weed in denver leads feds to big bust of nebraska marijuana network  via @cannabist
 @booferando currently i cant smoke but will in weeks
 holy smokes 
 doug wilson one of the greatest tv characters of all fuckin time on weeds saying no ones going to take a blonde man seriously to silas.
 get you friends that ask you to smoke at 630am. 
 never been in a checkpoint after that time i had weed in my car 
 who tryna bick it when i get home  jus bouta smoke these two houses real quick
 @saucyystoned lmao i wish i couldnt grow a weed 
 when ur at ikea and it reeks like weed lmao ooo
 i dont want to work i want to drink a beer and smoke a weed in the sunshine
 i am going to a function tonight and will be attempting to do a smokey eye i hope i dont look like i just got punched in the face
 i aint got no weed
 nice smoked beer  drinking a surround by @stillwaterart @ lazy raccoon ranch   
 i want to smoke 
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 all you kids do now is fuckin light up and smoke your meth  okay papa
 hella juiced   always wanted to smoke on my own strain amp now i can    powermoves 
 captain flam monterey jack cheese  smoked bacon  caramelized onions and spicy mayo burger time 
 if someone brings me chick fil a  ill smoke you up
 i havent smoked in the longest due to probation now where the bud at who the plug
 really great  fruity and juicilicious.  drinking a juice above the clouds by @altamontbw @ smoke eaters   
 guess we gone smoke dat bitch out
 food or weed
 lets go to the top of the mountain and smoke a blunt and make out all night
 livin in california  everybody wanna visit for the women  weed  and weather
 same cause we smoke the same cigarettes but i wear their perfume. 
 i wasnt gonna smoke this morning but i looked at the weather and now i feel like i have to 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 my dad is slow cooking ribs in the smoker amp some guy walking down the street came up to our gate amp offered him 15 bucks to try some 
 since i have to work all day ill just take hour long smoke breaks
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1427 covington street baltimore  
 ive done nothing but smoke and drink but mostly smoke all this weekend 
 nolan brown smokes it through the cfs glove   and the frogs are up 52. bottom of the 3rd.
 @bryandanielson2 im the smoker body building guy. i eat tomatoes  apples  and chit like that. 2 packs a day. im busted @kingmarliedave
 aye who the plug with the girl scout cookies. and im not talking about weed. lol i got that already 
 today is  the perfect day to smoke 
 @raeboomer or u smoked that reggie
 got weed all on my garments
 this kid literally goes i smoke cigs for the culture honestly you are so cool with your white ass face and blonde ass man bun goodbye
 late breakfast pancakes with plantains and smoked sausage and vegetable omelette checkitout 
 somebody smoke with me and the homie
 if you smoke cigs dont come 9999999999999 feet within me
 had to break it down to my coworker that idc bout no bitch. where the weed at
 is it acceptable to barter weed for musical performances 
 im still juiced off the fact my uber last night gave me an apple to smoke out of
 tell me would you drink wit a youngin  do you smoke weed  
 bro i wish i just can smoke weed and street race
 some see a weed i see a wish like  a dandelion coming up through the pavement  i persist. 
 john wall smoked that junk
 @williegramirez yea....not just a weed charge either. some people are just idiots and dont want to change.
 lil smokey bout to start a forest fire with that mix tape. beast mode activated. 
 i smoke bomb weed tweet a palm tree. 
 have you ever smoked or roasted our beef back ribs these were smoked at 275 for 4 hours. they 
 atl just landed.. where the weed at 
 christine i feel like the way i smoke is like pokmon red and the way you smoke is like pokmon silver
 so you telling me i can legally buy an ounce of weed but not wraps.. lol
 come up at the smoke shop
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 homeless man excuse me ladies do you think i could do a cartwheel for a cigarette if you smoke them justeugthings
 i need smoke  
 i am seriously wide awake for no apparent reason i even smoked and im still up 
 just a cute lil morning smoke spot 
 i woke up late and didnt get to smoke that roach i saved for the morning 
 who in atlanta trynna scoop me and smoke a lil 8th or sumn
 all i need in my life is weed  water  and designer shades.
 drove to galveston w ol boy and brandon just to smoke a blunt lmfao wow
 never understood how people can smoke while they eat 
 national ffa week 30 off all livestock shirts and twistedxboots @ smoke hole caverns 
 the weight that i gained postpartum happened long before i used cannabis heavily 20142015 amp was due to postpartum mental health issues
 @seth7123 ill take one marijuana please 
 im an aunt lmao. ima smoke this child tf out
 catch me smokin weed with this girl thats older than me
 stk denver serving boulder chicken  golden carolina rice  smoked squash. amazing foodporn 
 k  but for real  this weather...two major highways shut down by flooding. and the wind...holy smokes. 
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue
 someone sell me their old ds fr tbh ill probably only pay like 20 bucks and ill smoke with you cause theyre like 30 online but still
 doctor do you smoke me why you trynna match doctor  
 wondering why the crowd at the staples center was chanting this is awesome at the start of braun v big show then i remembered legal weed.
 when me amp my girls going through it we all get together have a sleepover talk about whats going on in our life amp just smoke a lot of weed.
 when u smoke four bowls of fire kush to da grill and have too much fun wthe waterpool snapchat filter amp ur itunes 
 mood  when you underestimate the weed.. 
 you dont even smoke but you feel high
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 137199 east hamburg street baltimore 
 whens the last time you heard marijuana ruining a life.... alcohol on the other hand
 need to smoke sumn 
 you want honest or a liar the first time i ever smoked meth i felt like i was floating and all the weight was off my shoulders and mind.
 ...we must weed out hate  prejudice and evil 
 western and smoked salmon @ kettlemans bagel co.  college square 
 i dont smoke but letsss take a puff
 get high wimme   no pills just weed
 can you recommend anyone for this internship smoke particle research for spacecraft fire safety program  
 im gunna eat like shit today and smoke a lot of blunts
 trump denied discrimination but said his managers tried to weed out tenants. what we didnt do was rent to welfare cases  white or black.
 @evanbreen if the employment section of your facebook about me says boss at self employed  you definitely smoke crystal meth
 whitehousescentedcandles where theres smoke theres fire  
 who trynna chill and smoke a blunt 
 i need to smoke .
 yall really be letting hoes say i dont pay for weed well then bitch you clearly dont smoke 
 pee drink eat sleep smoke a cigarette go to school repeat
 i highkey need to smoke something
 what do you see this is my sage bowl. i was going to film the smoke billowing up but then 
 nor do i have time to watch niggas sit on their couch and smoke weed singing trap music that they dont live. thats not inspirational to me
 i can not tell you how sick i am of seeing weed syrup poured in a sprite bottle on my timeline.
 really started making me pay for weed . i respect the hustle tho so i dont mind  
 hot fudge and a lil smoke 
 @phoxhealth i mean a cannabis pharmacy.  but thanks for reaching out.
 how you hot when you dont smoke   just like dad  candy cigarettes
 no more weed for me after today for a long while.
 next @fox16news we updated the medical marijuana commission proposals... 
 @demeccafree @theview @waltdisneyworld i do not smoke anything
 go ahead and light the weed play some shit that you can vibe too
 i wanna go smoke but i hellllaaa dont wanna drive fuck
 baldo shows me love for loyalty thats why hes my weed daddy
 i wanna get smoked with a friend .... whos down
 i need more people to smoke with.
 for all my bitches that smoke hookah...said no1 ever 
 when you already high and chilling and someone ask if you wanna smoke 
 @teamramirez98 tell her to keep fighting. fresh pineapple  ginger root and high cbd cannabis oil help to ease nerve pain.
 is this joeys world tour but with weed 
 oh my god i absolutely cannot stand that our neighbor smokes right below my window i really dont want to smell your nasty weed
 artificial intelligence is going to destroy fake news   hooray  a cure from fake news  ai will weed it out   
 nigga picked weed over millions smh 
 this dude next to me smells like straight weed
 a flower never blooms if it holds onto the weeds below 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   galion  oh
 @robdelaney @clarkgregg my father has head and throat cancer never smoked a day in his life  he smokes weed for pain and appetite. yay weed
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 can come get you everyday to jus ride and smoke allday but when its time to take you to a job interview or sumn they cant do it
 niggas really be thinking they weed gas out here shxt barely a step above mid
 the charter guy told my mom i was smoking weed in my room 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1844 wilkens avenue baltimore  send message. 
 im at greaks smokehouse in alvin  tx 
 it appears im no expert that plausible deniability has gone up in smoke. it also appears there are many traitors 
 u dont smoke loud be quiet 
 i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck.
 out of school n not trying to go home  who wants to go by the beach sip a brew n smoke a joint hmu
 oh no the marijuana psychosis came back. 
 all @bellamuertex and i do is take naps and smoke
 imma boycott starbucks like imma boycott my weed dealer. boycottstarbucks 
 popz smoked ribs 
 still havent ate or smoked today hahahaha
 asking my mother in law for weed lmao awkward
 my fat ass will smoke .. go grab some eats n save half of it for after i smoke again 
 i just wanna smoke some
 i smoke something that taste like fruit okkkayyyy
 ion fw nobody. i go to school   come home   smoke amp sleep so wtf
 let me smoke so i can take my ass to sleep 
 omg watching bong appetite on @viceland fixing up a korean kimchi inspired cannabis infused meal...im losing my mind with hunger.
 den dont smoke it 
 @latimes  i dont smoke weed inside @whitehouse fake news spread by dishonest la times bad
 @shmamilla sweet thanks guys lets all smoke a blunt together
 this is how i feel about people talkin about theyre addicted to weed ahaha marijuana is not a drug boo this man 
 interesting review on table 23 by @tallytable. gotta try the smoked mullet croquettes. 
 might as well is something to smoke to.. but i feel you. at least you aint say mask off 
 hey unless its medical marijuana hell no 
 damn pressa  smokedawg  and puffyls really making big moves..
 needa smoke a bowl to relax after seeing that scamp lineup
 @marianaguerraf actually fuck no  i would smoke more at my high school than i can at this university lmao
 brooklyn enter to win a pair of tickets to @nycbeerweeks smoked x cured seafood brunch this sunday  226 
 i wonder how much of my dog amp cats hair that ive accidentally smoked over the years...
 aha  smoke alarm has. even reset amp cinergy can make snacks amp such in comfort for there movie growers 
 i smoked wax for the first time yesterday 
 todays dailyfeature is looking especially delicious in that sunlight  crema base with smoked 
 hey @presssec  marijuana and opiate addiction are in no way related. i promise you. you really have a lot to learn. pressbriefing
 im not gonna vote  its not like we can legalize weed anymore  @spookybuddy
 why does the doj insist on making marijuana a big deal... 
 just putting it out there that dojs take on marijuana validates my guess that getting a card to be legal worse than just risking arrest
 for all you vegetarians...  spice rubbed smoked grilled tofu and hoppinjohn with red pepper 
 fed gov lgbt rights are best left for the states to decide also fed gov states who have legalized marijuana must 
 the typa people that trash talked people who smokedrank back in middle school are the ones who do worse shit now
 if this 8th grader blows the smoke from his vape in my face one more time im throwing it out the window
 south hempstead ny thu feb 23rd pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 colorado you can take my weed when you pry it from my cold  dead  sticky fingers.
 stfu i dont want your conversation rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation.
 its eating into private prison money  they need to lock up folks over weed lol 
 @realdonaldtrump states rights if they pass a law allowing the use of marijuana why override them states rights only count when you agree
 idk how yall smoke. so unattractive
 white house expect greater enforcement of marijuana laws  abc news   via @abc
 residential  singlefamily  fire  smoke prealert  s main st mount airy disp a159  c15  c153  e152 @mavfc1
 i need a new weed man
 my dad just told me to stay away from people that smoke and drink 
 if marijuana really makes you apathetic  the administration voted most likely to inspire a revolution probably ou 
 oh yeah i love country music our uber driver   i would say 0 stars but he smoked us out so 3 stars...
 man every bar needs to be smoke free 
 guys really hit up girls to come over and smoke   maria from state farm
 tryna smoke big dope but everybody sleep.
 transgender issues are states issues.  abortions are state issues.  but states not grown up enough for marijuana decisions.  resist
 before i can complain about lung cancer  she blows smoke in my face and asks me if i know franky the face. @c3convertase
 trying to see should i smoke after i do my homework or before 
 i wanna smoke somebody gas up
 really needed 6 cop cars to search my car because  it smelled like weed foh  i dont even smoke yall just fuckin with me
 i fucking fell asleep at 9 again after i smoked another fucking joint and now im up and i just showered and i feel like i can do so much
 free smoke   anybody want it they can get it no joke 
 @presssec you understand that marijuana is not an opioid right there is a big difference. 
 like when my family complains about me smoking weed. my bills are paid amp up to date  so whats the big issue if i spend some cash in me 
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics 
 they should read my paper on how weed helps the economy 
 if you smoke non menthol cigs then why do u even smoke 
 its a beautiful day to smoke outside
 reason behind our canada cannabis selloff today white house plans greater enforcement against legal cannabis 
 theres a chemical in weed called fuck it
 bri always spin me for weed.
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 baby hit this weed it might calm you down 
  donald trump thinks the people voted for him but the people didnt vote for legal weed kill yourself
 these dudes was really trying to smoke some crack on my porch. like wtf there is an alley right behind my house lmao
 ag sessions believes states best to regulate transgender in school  abortion  health coverage states incompetent to regulate marijuana use
 texas will soon allow cannabis oil production 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3205 clearview ave 
 pos hugo bastista amp victor pena motivated to step into the ring and box in a future nypd smoker  
 @kellyannpolls tump should stay away from marijuana issue.  leave it to the states like he said he would.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1814 falls rd  violation notice outstanding. 
 my dad just went into a canabis store and i had to stay outside in the cold becuase im not 21
 this lil nigga smokin weed and blazed up
 it smells like weed in this target
 first mexicans now marijuana.. trump must really hate late night taco bell runs too 
 @msnbc where does 45 draw the line btwn fed laws amp states rights issues marijuana laws were approved at state leve 
 im guessing the smokey haze in nw okc is from wildfires to the north
 nana picks me up  i bought u maaab red thats what u smoke right oh and heres 40  omfg thanks nana
 medical marijuana dispensary eyed at east allen bank where deadly shooting happened 
 trump administration floating coming down on rec marijuana  same day as man in kansas shoots 3 people.  he was drunk.
 applewood smoked ribs and tips  bbqdetroit truecooks yougottaeatthis cleaneating eatfamous 
 i never truly realized how much cannabis helps with my anxiety. i havent been smoking for the last few days and im so anxious that i
 treated myself to weed now gonna treat myself at lush 
 @alwayssunny @kaitlinolson booze  smokes  king cake...the mardigras trifecta sunnyfxx laissezbontempsrouler 
 someones either smoking some shitty weed or thats a skunk.
 walked into my room and that shit smelled like hella weed
 trying to smoke a b eat and chill and create. its really a lifestyle. zone
 @roguecontrarian @fusion 2 gifts bc now they will be throwing americans in jail for marijuana amp illegally confiscating their possessions
 enjoyed touring the wsu school of food science pilot plant today. heres their new smoker. tomorrow  produce safety 
 smoke good weed till my face turns numb.
 you be ugly as shit tryin smoke while u crying u can keep dat ion wan hit it no mo
 @auddie07 sorry i need to get weed 
 i just want to smoke and cuddle..
 witnessed a murder scene... he was killing weeds. 
 one of my fave weedtubers started following me on insta yesterday out of a 100 or so ppl and today she liked my selfie so were friends
 all people do is smoke now its so annoying.
 done with weed fr
 before i had money i swear i had no life  now i get drunk and i smoke and we poppin pills all the time
 open for business go to  to check our online smoke shop. click yes if 21 amp up to shop tokedaddy tokedaddyshop
 this weed is called glueberry cheese
 how do u get kicked out of a place for smoking weed   that everyone smokes at 
 james myles do you smoke marijuana @parishilton beuna vista colorado tax  no. james m. ilr  see.  @nualumni
 shes going to smoke all of em 
 glad i quit weed no wonder couldnt handle what i saw n my body went under changes to life n mr pain  my god ty for ssd im burnin up
 i want smoke in 
 he loves the weed 
 see our latest bellefontaine  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 i had a good ass time last night with the girls  drinks were amazing i swear i felt high asf when @dolleeeyy and jason smoked 
 leave weed alone it has nothing to do with opioids just let us get high in peace  
 the smell of garbage weed hurts my head.  raise your smoke game
 @jeffsessions @realdonaldtrump just to get it clear  gay rights should go back to the states  but theres no state right as far as marijuana
 having hiccups while you smoke is the worst
 i never thought id be helping u pack ur weed marg
 homework break time to eat and smoke and drink. @ gams garage in mchenry  il 
 please stop thinking youre flirting with me by asking me if i smoke. no i dont smoke amp your breath stinks
 he dont want no smoke 
 @scoobyoga @brian38mester took the fastest ls today anybody else want 2k 17 smoke for bread  come through
 @wakeup2politics @kenvogel  in response to cemetery desecration  kippah asks @vp to propose televised @wh weed out 
 i just smoke and fucking sing and everything else doesnt matter much to me
 why do girls get so much free weed lmao
 boutta smoke amp ill feel 10x better
 my house smells like smoke because of a fire two blocks away
 addicted. like hennessy. addicted. like weed.
 @106andspark i know smh and i dont even smoke anymore  its just natural at this point
 wanna go outside and smoke but its cold asf 
 the one place where merica might do a better job smoke free hospital campus.  still individual hospital decision though sad tobaccofreenhs
 we gon wake up   and smoke us a blunt and fuck
 @intlairportclt why does your americanairlines terminal areas smell so strongly of cigarette smoke today federal cleanairact is the law
 my manager figured i smoked because of my turtle necklace 
 see our latest columbus  in job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign...  
 new money  new bitch  aint shit change round me but the weed prices
 mimosas and hemp blunts for breakfast. 
 when you have that much weed  you have to convert that into ounces lol. my math teacher always stressed simplificat 
 wow this masterpiece came out a year ago today. i was in denver drinking weed root beer when i heard it. 
 @lucid4trump @abcpolitics @tomperez thats perfect for him should add a weed blower
 @justintrudeau our kids need protection from opioids not cannabis.enough with the  stigmas.plz dont disappoint and dismiss our votes.
 how you make millions of dollars to play football and youre selling weed 
 connecticut state senate legalize recreational use of marijuana in ct  via @change
 the difference in the nh doctors and vt doctors reactions when i told them i smoked weed lmao lovevt
 colorado governor softens stance on marijuana 
 the @potus and his administration should leave recreational marijuana alone  since recreational alcohol is killing 
 over weed bruh r u serious
 i need friends on other campuses sau nccu that drive amp smoke  mfs at shaw boringgggg
 i cant keep using weed and alcohol to cope that shit is getting bad for me
 just because i like weed  doesnt make me a liberal.
 woooohoooooo @kurtbusch wins the daytona500  i couldnt be happier for kurt amp @stewarthaasrcng finally a 500 win for smoke 
 many trump supporters favor legalized marijuana  maybe a majority
 boy when i smoke this blunt ima forget about you
 all i do is smoke and remain wholesome
 @michaelpfleger @johncusack @cnn   these guys think its 1940 and weed is a gateway..out of touch. lay off my weed..its a damn weed.
 @tonystewart congrats smoke
 if i smoke this blunt  boiii im gon forget you. 
 ate the best bbq in texas with the best family in the world @ millers smokehouse 
  you smoke  i smoke  i drink  me too  well good...  tonight killa cam @mrcamron is taking 
 i just want to smoke a blunt and go eat but everyone acting brand new 
 fuck weed cravings
 no visit to @lucillesbbq would be complete without an order of their beef ribs smoked to 
 i need more weed for my hookah
 i dont smoke cause only mother natures fresh air can get me high 
 i just wanna go home and smoke some weed
 @wwpcd nah not like that bro  just wanted to see if someone generously wanted to let me smoke with them 
 i smoked too much before my shower and i started showering with my glasses on the one and only marlon
 kotn... a golden celebs weapon of choice @ hempstead long island ny 
 during parade season  new orleans the only city where u can smoke weed infront the police 
 until you burn garlic bread in the microwave  make smoke come from the blender  and lose ur dog all at one time 
 pass her off to my bros  like the gas that we smoke
 smoke weed everyday 
 man my night aint complete if ion smoke a blunt
 keep your weed dank and your memes danker
 tryna smoke all this weed before my flight amp its looking impossible 
 come smoke wme really early in the morning when everyone is still asleepamp we have the world to ourselves for a lit 
 whenever i say oh no i dont smoke cigarettes or ive had enough to drink people are shook asf can nobody think for themselves
 ill just smoke this blunt and forget about u
 goku and vegeta. weed and blunt. dick and hand. foot and shoe. mucus and saliva. 
 one time i whole ass ran a red asf light tryna beat the homies to a smoke spot.. like i think about it daily its a wonder nothin happened 
 im gonna eat dinner  smoke weed  lie in a scalding hot bath and listen to boards of canada
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2130 eagle street baltimore  send message. 
 screw it ima buy me sum smokes n go by myself n eat ice cream
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i wanna smoke but this taking too long 
 a huge goal of mine is to get my mom to smoke a blunt with me
 nearly 9 of people that smoke marijuana will become addicted 
 @jezabeejohnson there better be weed brownies at this wedding.
 i suck a lil dick  smoke a lil crack  
 good weed  extendo  reggae in the back ground  greatnight
 @dylandcarl weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 i want a veggie burger from smokey bones
 fmfd hearing impaired smoke detector program  
 i responded to someone on offerup who was tryna buy a painting and they responded with their weed delivery service lol...
 can ya smoke amp ride with a playa like me amp you 
 of course  we get a tornado and the first thing that my dad texts me is that i shouldnt go outside to smoke.
 @mycommtrans 3rd request   please reschedule parking lot cleaning at smokey point transit center. 10pm is a tad late for that noise. thanks
 i need a sheet or something. the pac man blessed me and i cant even smoke. im sickkkkkkkkkkkkk dawg
 smoke after smoke
 ladder @iafflocal86 on 4th st. with smoke in wall. peeling off bricks. 
 @realdonaldtrump @cnnbrk where there is smoke 
 i dead may have to smoke after this exam. 
 should me amp @therealcashis do a weed song together
 thats a lot of weed for a little girl 
 join us tomorrow for a unique learning experience  will be doing a blending seminar amp you smoke a cigar with 4 wrap 
 i only smoke with destinyy  fuck yall
 wish my sister hurry up for i can smoke and get this day counted as a suspension day
 ben carson  whoever your weed man is... bruh  youre amok
 more evidence for the complacent class nowadays snl cast members struggle with weed addiction  a far cry from the belushi amp farley days.
 @dailycaller the smoking is enough to turn me off.  that beautiful house and its belongings left smelling like dirty old cigarette smoke.
 blm prescribedburn scheduled for 39 at drippingsprings natural area thursday weather permitting. highly visible smoke amp closed to public
 @clutchzilla ok  so i just did the math. you could only smoke .23 of each blunt a day to make it last for 30 days 
 my guy johnnybebadd25 hartzfam tattoo extroidinaire dope legend bjj dank we smoked a lot 
 reporting aside...food safety should also know that cannabis aint use the chemicals they spray on yall fruits and nuts.
 i dont be having nobody to smoke with  oh well 
 someone smoke a blunt with me amp then lets get free pancakes at ihop 
 if u putting weed in ya asshole u a crackhead
 onlyinla voting for mayor and weed laws in the same election  
 chickenfried tuesday chickenfried frog legs w chilibraised greens  pimento cheese grits cake  smoked sweet chi 
 im craving a yerba mate latte with hemp milk. much needed. freezing pnw
 dont let a pothead smoke for a week amp watch them get wild aggressive and easily agitated....but they not addicted tho
 bout to smokeeeeee
 life is always good when theres lots of weed in it
 i smoke cantaloupe
 do i shove it up my ass or do i gotta smoke through my ass 
 equity dir describes the barrier to being full participants in the cannabis business that people of color face. 
 .@jayevann says that @desleyb deserves nothing but the highest honor of a unanimous vote on her cannabis equity ordinance oakmtg oakland
 in need of a weedman
 cigarette smoker fiona by arctic monkeys is nowplaying in devils advocate  minneapolis.
 imm about smoke up all of homies wax if he dont come pick it up
 hipsteryankeecandlescents  vape smoke asshole
 sw prof medical marijuana doesnt work for me i cant do it and teach it doesnt work me you can do anything high if you try hard enough
 bitch  that weed brownie i had yesterday was lit.
 you dont want no smoke fr
 go to sleep. smoke. go back to sleep.
 pot for pets owners treat sick animals with cannabis  
 compromise is so great bring the vape i got the weed and woos we chillen yo
 @ohlovelylina  450 k great marijuana .trade them for mexican workers  thats a better deal. god bless russia.
 ew i just noticed someone texted me last night like lets leave and go smoke hookah i dont smoke hookah
 me amp brie really smoked ourselves out the day before i left. we didnt even wanna finish the blunts
 im so happy i got my car so i can actually cruise around and smoke a boge 
 .@foxnews put that in your pipe and smoke it @shannoncoulter grabyoursocks but dont grabyourwallet. 
 psa coffee goes with weed amp weed goes with coffee 
 legalize weed  criminalize the word nug
 i find it ironic the most dangerous thing about weed is getting caught with it 
 why everyone say my natural smell is weed
 ion wanna get my tooth pulled but dis bih gotta go  imma just go friday amp get it ova now how many days or hours i gotta wait 2 smoke
 just passed guchy smoke shop in harlem
 tumble weed more like garbage cans justindianathings
 mom why does your room smell like weed
 i miss going out im tired of workin all day commin home just to smoke and sleep there has to be more to life
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 rn im just a regular shmegular dude smoking weed and trying learn life day by day.
 i need a smoking friend   i smoke alone way to much
 idk what i did for this good karma but the cannabis gods have been blessing me these past few days
 thats why i said i probably wont ever smoke again
 can not wait for the photo shoots on sunday finally going to use my smoke bombs
 i need a girl to roll the blunt  to smoke with me 
 @katmckinley take away his heroin  cocaine  amp marijuana.
 im the laziest weed smoker ever.. i said i was bout to roll up like an hour ago
 first thing the uber said was feel free to smoke whatever in my ride
 rap good smoke backwoods
 thats my favorite uncle on occasion he smoke crack cocaine
 we deserve a smoke breakkkkkj thats my song
 thats why i need me a shawty who smokes.. you can talk about anything high aab 
 im not just blowing smoke sherilynnmarilyn    create visual stories 
 guys  i didnt smoke a cig yesterday either 
 the weed business just the cash flow to fund the other moves....we just getting ready
 pretty sure nils has weed in his backpack
 finally wont have to worry bout getting arrested for having weed 
 see our latest aiken  sc job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 i call my grandma gram like some weed
 just a moonlight soaked  ring of smoke right hand on a cold one confession
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 but i did want to go to cannabis culture but right now it is not looking good for em sucks but holy moly
 it boggles my mind that people still look at marijuana as a drug
