 @trutherbotgreen learn your pineal gland awaken my people laws of attraction smoke weed to get to a higher power to manifest 
 i got you what i smoke idk what you smoke  adri you know i dont smoke menthollllllll y u do this to me 
 niggas i used too see get bullied in high school out here selling weed now man yall gotta do better omaha
 someone come over with weed s.o.s. pls
 now everybody wanna be omd . if my weedman 3.5s make me 5 blunts  thats me  everybody shit different . stop dick riding
 about to smoke this l amp take my ass to bed im mutha fuckin tieed geee
 i just ordered an outfit to take my mans out to smoke and eat a burger but you think i dont love you ... fohhh
 smoking on this ganja
 who up with the weed
 we dont know what to do with life we smoke weed to get rid of strife we know it dont sound right @aliciagoku
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1808 wilhelm street baltimore  send message.
 day 3 of painting hands i decided that weed whacker string represented how i felt about 
 and frfr ion sell weed i just smoke a lot so dont try to shop wit me unless you rolling it wit me or paying 20 for da g fr
 @realdonaldtrump please reschedule marijuana so we can do more research and end the suffering of people that need alternative medicine
 if your gonna try to get me to smoke weed obviosly you dont care about me because you dont respect my decision because of my injury
 this boy was like do i smoke what i look like huhhhh 
 @jinavegalopez its not fair  this is a weak ass mania card and that was the best story heading into mania. now its up in smoke this year.
 i dont smoke stop askin me to match up
 got the weed. just need the dutch.  
 only thing i love is my drank and weed
 holy smokes 
 aint shit smoking like that cali weed a nigga be too high
 im tryna smoke
 i cant believe theyre mothers out there that think its okay to smoke while theyre pregnant with their child.........
 the sweet @livhewson rockin a ysl inspired smokey eye 4 premiere of @netflix santaclaritadiet livhewson 
 @shaunking @mratway legalizing weed would go along way  no one should be caged for posesion of a plant. its stupid.
 i can barely keep some damn peace and its awful  i smoke a lot of weed and when its gone i feel awful
 oh the sweet sweet taste of marijuana.
 fuck this shit ima smoke a blunt on the way to the gym 
 @siipcampaigns @youngblackcon you are paid haters. when soros stops paying you are smoke in a whirlwind. poof.
 run up on me ima stoner so i smoked em 
 by higher education  was @realdonaldtrump giving a shoutout to 420. youd have to smoke a lot of it to link any 
 south hempstead ny thu feb 2nd am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 obama had 8 years to reschedule our marihuana 
 cyclops smoker in a tweed blazer.  oilcanvas @howlhappening smokingkills bizarrepainting 
 you mean to tell me a college kid who plays football smokes pot oh no the world is ending.
 i bought a pound i suppose to be done with weed but i guess ima addicted
 my mom asked to use my car today amp i said no i feel bad amp all but the second she walks into my weed smelling car im getting my ass whooped
 how am i just now getting hip that yung simmies yung smokey is on spotify. one of my fav projects ever
 idk why i smoke before first period sociology kills my high so fast
 cigarette smokers would be in heaven in colorado. 4.50 for a pack of cigs here
 punish man who allegedly sprayed baby bird with weed killer 
 all i said was sell me some weed 
 look its like canada and mexico combined wait... no thats weed.. 
 gas gas gas what i smoke.
 i cant wait till i have kids and one of them asks me about weed... 
 going to start weeding out politics from the tl.  not sorry in advance.
 today is a pretty day to smoke 
 going home to eat pasta  smoke a j  and watch @griseldarecords on sway.  dont contact me for the next hour.
 @bongaloid had to. wont gonna take my weed 
 takes a baby step to change ya life and i aint blowing smoke up ya ass
 suspect opened door and a huge cloud of smoke came out. police chase ends along hollywood walk of fame 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @worldwidewob @valeriehxc it was probably over a sack of weed too
 since no one wants to smoke this blunt w me got this solo dolo 
 even though i had a quarter ounce of left  i still got some weed from this guy in the club . this shit looks like death. miami way 
 too much smoke 
 rhode islands attorney general launches a campaign against the legalization of recreational marijuana in the state 
 this is why im slowly over the ganja wave. i am way too tired and drowsy.
 debate breaks out on house floor over medical marijuana. 
 @seanhannity  politics is like war. sometimes you must pull back amp regroup to achieve maximum results. let libs know their blowing smoke.
 see our latest bardstown  ky job and click to apply class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 as sillyannoying as period pieces in which everyone smokes e.g.  thisisus are period pieces in which nobody smokes e.g.  skullisland.
 tomorrow at the hayward farmersmarket plus blackened chicken or smoked tofu po boys also 
 i want to have bomb ass sex amp smoke a blunt listening to redbone after. shmood.
 international r kelly day hennessey amp coke all day and smoke sum 
 so i make it mandatory to smoke everyday or else id flip the fuck out on my co workers  classmates amp physical therapists bc i got issues
 she just smoked on that l and she isnt even gunna get high smh what a waste 
 would it hurt the fiah to smoke while its in there 
 were in college and kids are still trying to sell oregano as weed 
 new pr 255 goosed springbreakslit @ smoke the burger joint 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2230 west baltimore street baltimore  send me 
 @leftsidep bruh this is literally my favorite video on the internet i watch this shit at least one time everyday haha you dont smoke tho
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  alittle more high in my smoke now. 
 wicked weed french toast stout on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 drinking a first cut  by @troegsbeer @ sublime smoke   photo
 had two specks of weed left and put them in my grinder to try to get high and dropped my gd grinder ima cry now
 @tdizzy thats where i was lol dorchester ave goes to the south end lol i was gonna see if you wanted to smoke 
 you can really see the smoke from the fires in the panhandle and western oklahoma this evening in the western horiz 
 just smoked at my old elementary school playground w my b. sad
 i need friends thatll smoke w me whenever 
 just posted a photo @ hempfield township  westmoreland county  pennsylvania 
 a true republican  about to smoke the dcrossier pennsylvania avenue @ master cigars 
 i just realized i fucking hate going out i just wanna chill at home and just smoke 
 man wait why this nigga say the weed was behind the seat when he copped today from renz 
 .@unionbrewing wook today  @rarbrew chopdank tomorrow. when will these breweries stop marketing to marijuana enthusiasts    
 wish the smoke shop opened earlier 
 not a good time unless i smoke mine
 i just called a lamp a candle look what 24 hours w no marijuana does to my brian
 salute yall your fake ass overgrown weed backyard photoshop to
 roll me another blunt  smoke till i can fly 
 i aint got no weed rn 
 where is my weed
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 let me get home so i can smoke
 @youngpageviews acting like my weed dealer with stool scenes.. keeps telling me hes close  ends up making me wait till the next day
 my youngest sister knows how to party.  thelovecounselor @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 @agendaofevil is assad just blowing smoke boots on the ground not real steps minor local raid he seems to contr 
 when you springforward the clock this sunday dont forget to check your smoke alarms  brampton regionofpeel 
 alright boys  smoke em if you got em sdcc2017
 really wanna smoke a joint but its fucking 16 degrees outside
 and i suppose with the weather the way it is today  its a bit much to ask a cat to smoke outside.  silly me. 
 second smoke of my birthday weekend  lets make it a cuban. petit2 montecristo 
 @joewarmington @rossmcleansec  @justintrudeau did weed as mp  now he arrests dealers just before legalizing it. orwell sighs
 happy brunching regram  alexandrapana brunchin.  @ barque smokehouse 
 @walshfreedom hope a semi smokes your ass the next time youre on a freeway  bitch.
 i just wanna move out so i can smoke in the house
 i can not smoke with somebody like this that shit pisses me off lol 
 @bunchesdaughter ... i need a smoke @ southeast  washington  d.c. 
 @potus @realdonaldtrump  me amp my friend have a few questions for you regarding medicinal marijuana. pls set up a meeting.
 tax time got all yall being the weed man if you dont take ya ass back to ya regular job and leave mines alone 
 corned and smoked boston butt for tuesdays pork dinner....smoked butt  rye spaetzle  swiss 
 smoke weed just to meditate gotcha bitch and ya sister on a double date
 loosening up on marijuana policies could save nfl lives  imo. 
 i hate not being able to smoke at home
 i here someone smoke me out 
 guys.  regardless of what youre doing  not sleeping for excessive amounts of time is bad.  also dont smoke. 
 kinda want someone to smoke  cuddle and paint with... kinda dont fuck with guys who play games so ..
 bend her down im in her throat bitches fucking for some coke not a swisher than i wont smoke
 i cant wait to get off. ima smoke a gross ass 2nd gen and pass the fuck out.
 if i gotta smoke by myself again im going to sleep 
 i can smell the weed from here 
 drinking a tinytank stout by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station  
 to let you know i dont smoke  weed 
 the employees at these legal weed stores talk about products like goddamn rocket ship salesmen
 she like why you texting bitches that dont give a fuck about chu  when ur money dont show bottles dont pop an the weed dont blow
 @shackts @canucks did you have any weed
 bruh my uncle had the nerve to say my weed is dique reggie i should real life slap the shit outta him for that disrespect.
 some drunk guy just asked me if i could spare him a cig  so i told him i didnt smoke and he said youre too pretty to smoke lolololol
 bout to smoke a fat ass blunt and drink a 40
 snoopandmarthasnewdish ramen weedles
 why was there a candy bar in your bed i smoke weed
 sip it till i feel it imma smoke it till its done
 smoke a lot of weed but i could neva forget ya
 bouta smoke then gts since i gotta wrk in the am 
 where i live the synthetics disappeared when mass legalized marijuana honestly its the only solution to shitty drugs @doctrwang @qkode
 i was just going down the road and i smoked a rabbit the size of a dog
 all i wanna do is smoke and eat...
 anybody want smoke 
 my jacket smell like smoke
 im grateful for my beautiful  cuddly  dick weed  gorgeous  loving  asshat  friendly and kind pains in my ass dogs.
 ima go get jayce from across the street get me some weed amp go home
 i need to smoke
 drank some good wine and smoked some guy weed with my brother in law
 dutchtr crisis either too much weed or eu right wants erdogan to rule supreme. so that they can hide racism behin 
 need someone to smoke with me on my days off 
 playing touch football on marijuana street .. or in a marijuana field
 i cant wait to touch back home and smoke a fatty
 my car doors are sticking i have to clean them thats what happens when you smoke crack
 off work a dude just wanna shower smoke and lay down
 where theres smoke 
 my dad will come up to me while im breaking up my weed pick up a nug and judge it lmfao
 @jaymcintyre1 i do for the easy stuff such as weed laws and doctorassisted dying. im underinformed on the big stuff.
 from 2011 see pg 6 harm reduction as a tax strategy.  fast forward to 2017 less vape tax  motivation for smokers
 i cant wait for a lil smoke session after work 
 imma smoke this blunt  forget about u
 bout to head back to da west and politic wit my mans while we chief on dis weed.
 @rihanna and smoke weed  
 im full got my weed   wine  amp bae
 @gwynethpaltrow entrepreneurs word mean money in single i am native america i know smoke in other words bullshit one i thing this miss
 nets smoked the knicks
 life sucks smoke a duck
 i need all the smokes and all the edibles 
 free smoke all 2017
 @missangeladavis california time zone.. smoked baby back ribs  garlic mash and lemon garlic asparagus...and some california wine
 i love you @paulmccartney @billmaher @jonstewartshow but fuck yall for quitting weed. pussies.
 anybody trynna smoke....
 ive never smoked weed  been drunk  snuck out or skipped school. copy amp paste this as your status whoever likes it 
 will this smokers cough let me sleep tonight
 after any drug i do other than weed  i need a blunt lol
 i think my least favorite thing about traveling is that once outside oregon excluding legal states cannabis is unavailable and illegal. 
 incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions at west hempstead station 
 four days and i get to see alex. holy smokes 
 i hate who gon put the weed in me ass hoes.
 got no problems my weed lit got no where to go
 all me goregous and jass do is smoke
 i could make a blunt with all the weed im finding cleaning my car
 hows this for scary mcafee was wanted as an accomplice to murder in belize and he came in 2nd behind dopey weed man in libertarian party
 we cant find no weed  
 @smokepurpp smokepurpp the goat this shit to fire 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 30 south east avenue baltimore 
 @justintrudeau wants credit for legalizing weed he fought for sacrificed  amp risked nothing. @marcscottemery @jodieemery the heros.cdnpoli
 @2smart4u its sad but we are only left extremes on both sides. the moderate politician is being weeded out
 i hate that my clothes smell like cigs cuz my friends smoke  thanks guys
 this girl at the library loudly whispered and smoke weed then cackled like a god damn hyena
 someone bring me some weed before the snow gets too bad
 my granny say why must you  smoke the stanky stuff where you get  that shit from i cant deal with her 
 @rjchopper  same. compromise is a skill that i learned in pub ed. however  this far right smoke amp mirror trick has me running the opp. way
 every since i left i havent smoked the same 
 was tryna go to buffalo but i aint got no homies so i guess ill smoke
 im a weed baby. im fine lol 
 do you think going to jail for 2 grams of weed will help your rep for the music industry 
 this is a place we go when we are in oregon for great cannabis. sweettreefatms 
 ketchup... marijuana infused of course marijuanainfused marijuanainfusedketchup ketchup 420 
 i dont like to smoke by myself but i will if i got to .
 just smoked an extendo.. for what
 i hardy smoke but when it the @barberjuan21 the primo im down 
 smfh tho......a nigga b mad at the world for no reason when i aint smoked..lol what a dick 
 street art created at las vegas high times cannabis cup street art hollywood streetart 
 smoke alotta weed to keep shit off my mind
 good weed  good food amp good head
 pussy money weed
 neighbors say this apartment fire on centenary blvd sent one person to hospital with smoke inhalation. shreveport 
 woke up choking on smoke...
 if i could smoke in my crib id deadass take my time to move out
 im not showing you how to do smoke tricks my guy  your wasting my weed
 im done smoken weed yall can have it 
 @prettydijahh bofl smoke gone be the reason a lot of li hoes be scared he keep up wit his shit
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ zenergi hot yoga   photo
 me partaking in selfcare is mostly just smoking weed and showering
 @jebsanford leace.  heath.  care.  were.  it. is.  ther.  are.  other.shit.thats.  more. need. in.  america.trump.  need. smoke screaming
 doesnt matter if michael brown traded weed for cigarillos  theres no crime for which the punshiment is spontaneous extrajudicial execution
 got dis short bad bitch dat love foreplay  she can roll up weed and she go both ways
 two farmers josh helberg and john strofus testifying in favor of rep. franson hemp  they both grew hemp successfully last year
 i dont love that my neighbor chooses to smoke inside in a nonsmoking building when its too cold or snowy out. 
 @nygovcuomo until medical marijuana access is more available amp cheaper people get opiates opioid crisis epidemic 
 lol so is it gonna be illegal to not buy government weed because im definitely not lol
 saying goodbye to my old friend smokey the cat was hard for she was the symbol of my daughters youth amp now its gon 
 when the pizza guy smokes u out gt
 join us on stpatricksday for a craft stout tap takeover plus  housecured amp smoked corned beef brisket on rye 
 just had bessie fill out a bracket. she knows nothing and i mean nada about college bball. she probably gonna smoke me.
 i might cry over weed in texas
 im over in collegiate tryna smoke muhfuckas up and aint nobody picking up cellular devices.
  @ weed  california 
 smoking hella weed
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 holy smokes 
 i havent ate or smoked all day approach me with caution. lol
 my bestfriend be like i need a cigarette amp i dont even smoke 
 man what kinda weed you be smoking yo  
 when theres smoke... trumptaxes  
 1 of my kids from my last job followed me on ig.. he posting weed pics.. man be smart about it.. you dont need that now.. i gotta go back
 pop a zoloft  and smoke a regular blunt
 pretty much ... weed makes me pretty happy 
 hey  add me on snapchat and lets be friends. im tired of the lack of originality of seeing people smoke weed in their stories every day.
 whoever run up on me gettin smoked 6shotmafia
 if you ever see my name in your mans phone its more than likely that hes coping some weed. stopbeingsoinsecure idontwantyournigga
 i think im going to quit smoking weed for a while
 i always wanted to be on a reality show when i was 16 then i thought nigga i do is smoke weed and wake up late nobody wanna see that lol
 i just wanna smoke a blunt while laying in a hammock
 i smoked in the shower for the first time it was cool
 watching trailer park boys hahaha ricky is fucking hilarious n bubbles is so cuteyou son of a whore hahahaha smokes now come on haha
 if you wanna hit my blunt without putting in or matching all you gotta do is ask baby girl and imma smoke in ya face lmao
 i really had the best weed today so to them people from chicago  def need there plug
 we dont smoke blunts bitch wiz vc 
 honestly...take care is a story of floating weeds  but views is floating weeds
 miami taught me one vauluable lesson. dont smoke like u a rapper. boy you got asthma
 what the bleep did we smoke drugmovies @midnight
 i cant even eat  i needa smoke before my breakfast
 why does my mom have to look at smoking weed like doing crack seriously gotta move out now l o l
 good morning smoke signal @ yakima  washington 
 wow  whats next trump is a closet smoker  or his cabinet owes back taxes  or his wife was given a cush job w no exp wait  thats obama.
 its a great day to not be a smoker outside huddled in a circle 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 125 north ann street baltimore  l 
 courtroom discussing intent and motive. roberson testified at trial saying wilsonneuleib called him on morning of shooting for marijuana
 this is awful. welcome to a world where the ag believes weed is nearly as bad as dope. get a grip. talk to people. 
 wed be better off wsnoop dog as president. marijuana played the long game and won  now trump says go after the weed ego getting bigger.
 so a priest a rabbi and an atheist smoke weed... 
 yall know marijuana can help alleviate seizures in small children youre literally maligning medicine for toddler 
 i would choose weed over 99 percent of the people in my life . i promise this is no exaggeration
 im gonna smoke the greatest fucking blunt ever as soon as i get home
 @lindeelink inbox for a free copy of this song when the smoke clears  money new track on soundcloud now 
 join me tonight at sweet ps on w. jackson ave. for a smoked trout dinner for 15 with 5 per meal going to the leu 
 i need somewhere to smokeee  help
 if youre a blunt...can i smoke you   
 and if were going down in flames  the smokes gonna spell my name
 i need some weed
 new arrival  black pyramid tee amp smoke rise jeans 
 called my mom she said im looking for some good weed in maryland  love her shes the best
 i will never not laugh at the video of zayn and louis smoking weed
 @ivankatrump @foxnews @potus need to consider cbd  the pain relieving portion of hemp  for pain relief.  big pharma and fda way too cozy...
 cant wait until i get paid. going to smoke hella and eat gooooood.
 i think im ready to smoke now lol
 good marketing is now profiling according to the antismoking movement. btw  i have never smoked cigarettes amp got sick dipping.
 cant relate i use to smoke with my manger  
 i smoke so much  i be forgetting the shit illegal    smokey you still in rehab  i need to come to hell
 people take twitter too serious  smoke a blunt and chillll
 i wish i got these texts can we smoke..
 @mikevwusa @wusa9 trump is going to send a bunch of little miniature sessions copies to come pull all our marijuana plants
 if i smoke this blunt   girl im go forget you . i aint even playing tho
 dog my dorm smells like nothing but weed. 
 my girl doesnt smoke drugs  
 if your only aspiration is to smoke all day grow up
 cigarettes are worse. how do people get addicted i feel dizzy when im around someone whos smoking. i have never smoked amp id never do it.
 @notablehistory @kd5gsp makes no sense for this kind of smoke to take precedence with these 2. guess folks just take gods gifts for granted
 me and @3oox6oo having threesome rolling up the weed crumbs
 she dont smoke weed but she blows dick
 just wanna smoke 
 what damnit i cant understand this  dang it dang it  the judge probably went to reefer 101 classes with obama whi 
 we smoke to much dope for that 
 ima still pop my beans ima still smoke my green i know nothings what it seems so im talking with the trees.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 1 you.. posted this.. on... social media 2 how you light the same end you bout to smoke out of 
 its hilarious seeing everyone from hempfield tweeting about their two hour delay and how they want off
 a family member with parkinsons is trying marijuana today to curb symptoms. hopeful thursdaythoughts
 we were going to hawaii but instead were gonna stay at mobile village  get my kids happy meals amp smoke meth.  in protest.  boycotthawaii
 all i do is wake up early smoke dope and go back 2 sleep
 im honestly being generous saying you an automatic 3 if you smoke cigarettes
 one dog was rescued from the barn fire in cramahe township. suffered burns and smoke inhalation 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy  
 high  i thought i was finna die   thats why i dont smoke anymore  drunk  well im forever drunk so idk  i need re 
 are you loaded you fucking weed head  
 @adamnicholasw get me elected president and ill totally hook you up  brother. no marijuana taxes  expanded bike lanes  free back surgeries.
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 smoke your weed an mind your business 
 he said jamaicans have the best weed 
 the only time ill wear my dmp 11s is my weeding day
 hennessy  plenty weed  do you have anything stronger  i dont care  give it here .. wanna make this high last longer .
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation delaware  oh
 he smoked them lmao 
 time to smoke  see my baby  and my brother cuz hes 18 today bitches
 neighbors next door to proposed medical marijuana growing facility in york say no  what will the city say tonigh 
 when i smoke the blunt to myself 
 excuse me as i smoke this blunt in private
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation como  ms
 guess ill smoke by myself
 @dirtmcgirth well its a lot of smoke im pumping to my room on the 7th floor while im here so i need to get a pipe fitter
 i cant just smoke 1 sweet my nigga roll up 10 of them hoes nbs
 jazz talkin bout she tryna smoke later when we get off..  i dont have time for no rookies
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 woodford smoked burnt honey manhattan bourbon woodfordreserve swiftandsons manhattan @ 
 bbq with @ smoke signals in toronto  on w @mstaresinic  
 me dont forget to wear green  stoner green you wanna smoke some green or make some green homie 
 stop sending me pictures of ya janky ass weed i do not give a fuck 
 i got weed  pet several cats  and took a nap today so all in all 910 wouldve been a perfect score but i didnt adopt a cat
 got my own money now i smoke when i want 
 she do what i tell ha i got star power   smoked a blunt and got some head in the shower
 is that a weed 
 brandi really the best friend i could ask for   fina come smoke and play mario with me 
 no weed no sleep  lol
 bring that smoke my way i swear ill kill you boy.
 i find it so amusing that there are kids in their mid20s that are still smoking weed everyday doing nothing with themselves
 @the1macmac @2splibb i still believe diet can influence your health and fight some cancers and other ailments.i smoke cdb at least once a wk
 i keep smelling weed so im looking around and shit i sniff myself i smell like straight gas in school 
 @flatbushave most def if you getting smoked up on the l you 2 peating or you not gonna see the blunt for a min
 wasnt for lenis law  he said. theres no doubt in my mind. thats what i was considering.sessions  sadly  appears to lump all marijuana
 if u never smoked a blunt in the shower then u sleep 
 back at work tonight my weed started today smh
 @tj423 no i dont vape  or smoke  but my friends quit that way. im annoying  i can quit anything pretty much anytime
 how i know remys a dude  1. she cant have children 2. voice sounds like she smoke cigarettes backwards 3. bad bodies asf 4. bitch she is
 you know youre in the ghetto when you find random nugs of weed all over the ground.  scoooree
 one bud i wish i could smoke up again is skunk
 dumb criminal of the week suspect calls 911 to say they are only smoking weed  dumbcriminals
 beer  weed and dabs waiting for me when i get home stpatricksday
 you can do a lot with the color green.. wear it.. eat it.. smoke it..
 cant wait to smoke a fatty with kimmmy when i get outta workk 
 i need some weed 
 @fg4mitch niggas with no job or a car be having all the bad bitches tho lol they call cuddling and getting smoked out a date lol
 why does it smell like weed up in here @ time warner cable in milwaukee  wi 
  smokey   @benefitbeauty brows @jeffreestar androgyny palette amp dominatrix topped wgloss @tartecosmetics  st 
 i dont care how many cigarettes you smoke  but do you have to smell like em
 whos tryna go to the river and smoke a wood
 bitches smoke so many skinny jays of huff dis is ah problem 
 i wish i gotta w2 for buying weed
 any girl trying to smoke with mee
 here we go... who flakes on an open invite to chill and smoke somebody elses shit backwards
 livepd its not weed  its my magical four leaf clovers for st.patricksday
 @littleceasars5 the smokehouse is amazing. my  cheese pizza only  4 yr old ate 2 whole pcs. said it was the best she ever had it was it is
 how about smoke me and my paper and fonto 
 i smoke by myself every night.
 you aint gotta roll one baby you can roll a few... but i aint gonna smoke witchu
 anyone down to smoke with me and kate
 its yo fav edgy misunderstood teen from sufu wit the smokes n nikon hangin at sheep wishin you a happy st pats day. 
 yes. damn good bbq perfect for a southern boy in cali.   @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  
 im surprised  i havent smoked all day
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a midnipass that mothafuckin blunt toker bruh loseasongstrainofthought
 i do need to smoke but trying to leave it alone at the same time
 dropped some weed tumble weed
 we show what we want others to see through smoke and mirror from a safe distance and if desired enough  nick a good profit for the view.
 @ethmark bryons smokehouse
 rick ross makes me wanna smoke cigars  but i hate cigars.
 cali weed 
 a moveable feast at the kingston home show. come on down to @krockcentre for some smoked brisket amp cheddar sliders 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 all of the cool people will buy weed from the mexicans selling it in their vegetable street carts.
 srsly  lakeelsinore  its not flowers  they are weeds. stop clogging up traffic to take pics in weeds  redonkulous
 @leahr77 @dollfinish @cnn @msnbc what the hell is he doing in this picturepulling weeds
 saturdaze . . model skyhighv @ smoke rise  georgia 
 chance you a laaaaaaaaame  me and your bitch breaks down my weed sometimes 
 i got to start cutting my weeds.   literally and metaphorically.
 somebody in emphis wanna have a listening party to more life  you provide the spot ill sponsor the weed and order us a pizza
 since i havent smoked in like 3 or 4 days i havent enjoyed food
 happy birthday  smoke a fat one for me  @louieefacts
 final archbishop ryan 60  hempfield 50. raiders advance to the piaa class 6a semifinals. @rallyphilly @ryanbballfan @arhs @solsports
 zailes said bourbon smelt like marijuana amp barf  welcome to nola
 friendly with the chosen the rest is getting the poker hand face drinking smoker it help me duck when emotion jab
 with a smoked peppercini  a green bean  bacon  celery  pepper jack cheese  an olive  or three  
 she does not smoke  drink  do drugs  she is not premious. she principled and ethical. i pray god have mercy of some of your souls
 happy with this smoke line. bbq austin texas atxbbq @ austin  texas 
 kudos to all backwood smokers that lips aint purple by now lol
 i swear i thought i smoked my blunt but i didnt lmfao dangg that syrup got to me 
 one thing i wont miss about working at exton beverage is 30 of customers i check out smell like smoke 
 free smoke free smoke morelife
 free smoke
 free smoke  
 i dont care for this track but free smoke was dope.
 these lil girls smoking weed for the first time its so funny
 more smoke amp gyalchester are   the rest so far is for the billboards and radio and your girl 
 album of the year best song free smoke end of story 
 freee smoke free smoke
 free smoke.
 free smoke goes the tf in
 yeah so free smoke  portland  and do not disturb gotta be the best songs on this album for me  everything else good too though  shits solid
 drake x free smoke 
 when the beat drop unexpectedly on free smoke 
 me a month ago more life aint gonna be shit   me the second the beat dropped on free smoke 
 free smoke
 ill smoke a dutch before i smoke a backwood dont @ me
 free smoke
 incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions from west hempstead station to new york penn station 
 i smell like race gas and bbq smoke.
 uhhhhh i cant wait to see ganja white night
 why yall is go to these parties to blow yall stink smoke in people faces
 amp weed 
 i smoked another doobie brett
 why does round 1 phms parking lot always smell like weed
 ion even smoke
 need someone to smoke wit 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @bbcw american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 amp if i catch a eagle lacking imma cock back and smoke em eyes closed bitch we smoking on blanco
 smoked ham eggs benedict. poached eggs on french baguette with smoked ham topped with 
 briskets in the smoke sauna. sweetsmokeq rusticrubco stlouisbbqstore smokinbulletsbbqteam 
 light smoke. crisp and easy drinking.  good beer.  drinking a my turn 022 nathan @ zebra   photo
 i didnt get a lot of weed on sb but i got like 8 new nicknames
 this is the best week of the early 70s weed is so much better here in nowadays with the dispensaries and all but i 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   transportation
 delicious smoked salmon with capers on the salad bar at the new fogorestaurants in uptown @ fogo 
 this guy thought i had weed cuz i had power plant as my user name 
 i havent smoked all week  my tolerance when i come home is gonna be so niiiiceeee 
 your wcw smokes dutches 
 i saw 2 confederate flags in a rural oregon town  then moseyed a few blocks over amp smoked a joint in the woods. getting me off task is tough
 i let my mom drove my car then she brought my weed in the house like wtf is this lmaooo
 never sell weed cause i smoke it too much.
 niggas sell weed acting like they make big money. lmao
 decided to watch weeds through again and the first episode has justin chatwin in it as a kid. aka steve aka jimmy aka jack from shameless
 snort some coke smoke some dope
 wish @shelbydanay would come smoke this blunt w me
 @ hemphill isd  lets join the movement  
 after i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 i do not smoke with just anybody. thats a no 
 want a female friend i can hang and smoke with
 i smoke weed cuz life sucks
 wtf i now own a weed farm on gta and i gotta manage it  i didnt know you can do that shit now  imma be the next el chapo 
 im at pilot travel center  @pilotflyingj in weed  ca 
 omg finally we made it home  ive missed my 247 city. now time for me to go home to smoke amp pass out 
 yes bro rt @norm free smoke  free smoke aye 
 so i cried  told myself to get my shit together  smoked  amp came back to michael proposing to hollytelling everyone hes leaving. not cool
 my performance was lit tonight marijuanaediblesesh  annual edible awards  sunday turntup 
 free smoke free smoke
 the hank accidentally does weed episode is on @adultswim rn and i literally could not be happier
 this cute lul weed container i got from cali  
 where my coworker at we got morning blunts to smoke
 today should be a day that id drink champagne  but all i want is a pack of smokes...18years
 i dont give a fuck if you dont like that i smoke weed. im not hurting anybody. stop worrying about wtf chamaya does.
 i called somebody a crack head yesterday as a joke and my mom was like well you should call yourself one  wtf i only smoke gas
 you know its real when i dont wanna smoke 
 there is no such thing as smoke with no fire mr.  trump
 the fact that this nigga used to smoke me out ltltltltltltltltlt 
 virginia and north carolina so many big brick smokestacks with the names of tobacco companies painted on them in white
 this. is. awesome. smoke and mirrors in real time. @realdonaldtrump you sir are in fact an idiot. 
 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @seanhannity @ap @thehill @whpresscorps comey amp rogers just engaged in a huge smoke amp mirrors disinformation talk
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2729 pennsylvania avenue baltimore  violation 
 on cigarette smoke vs pot  chase surely you can understand how little sense it makes to criminalize one behavior and permit the other.
 gotta smoke with tommy chong one day.
 lmao it is but i aint buy it. i only smoke woods by choice 
 yo ima need to smoke fat af before my nephews bday party this weekend frr
 @thisniggakee weeds  how to get away with murder  black mirror  stranger things  shameless  the 100  greys anatomy  fosters.....all a1
 money   pussy   weed in that order 
 why does anyone smoke cigarettes  not judging  literally just a destructive habit that does no good to anyone
 listening to free smoke 
 im tryna smoke dis last nug but i always get super depressed when i smoke alone
 howd i forgot the most important essential to smoke
 nigga you @d me and said im trying too hard. lol yall niggas smoke too much 
 free smoke   free smoke aye
 about to smoke one while i listen to the mixtape that started it all and changed the music industry forever 6yearsofhob @theweeknd
 everyone says mexico weed is weak af but every time i smoke in michoacn i get loaded as fuck
 so far best weed i ever had 
 free smoke free smoke aye hidden hills where i post
 who wants to smoke a blunt n eat castanedas w me
 ashley texted me back that means she is up too and can come smoke with me 
 unless its money   food   or weed dont wake me up cus ima be trippin .
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation circleville  oh
 its timing also stress bc im pretty happy n smoke again n am gaining when i was going thru it i lost hella weight 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 how is u.k. weed
 squad wants to smoke a gold blunt so guddy will give squad a gold blunt getyouaguddy
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 it was all smoke and mirrors
 please tell me why some random ass man just drove up beside me going down the road and asked if i wanted any weed
 nopenopenope @problemchildson i promise if its the last thing i do ima get @jaydogon so high he gon forget he ever spoke bad about weed 
 if you get caught with weed in clarkston  you not going to jail . you only getting a 75 fine   we moving up kids 
 @ourindiana nothing here. we are looking for a clear puff of white smoke
 cant wait to be home to smoke this l and watch @davechappelle new stand up on netflix
 my apartment called and asked me if i knew anything about marijuana smell in our building
 anything that bothers me i just smoke cramps headache stomach ache teeth hurting smoke 
 i dont like smoking weed. it hasnt been enjoyable for the past 2 years.
 my room smells like weed 
 someone smoke sumn
 my smoke is good 
 i wanna smoke so bad smh
 i want to smoke with monique but her bitch ass lives all way in salem. 
 dont play on transformers amp install smoke alarmskids learned lots @pplelectric electrical safety show. 
 how bout you stop buying shitty weed  
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i literally get so jealous watching bong appetit this man just put a pound of marijuana into a tub of water imagine being that happy
 nothing to see here folks  nothing to see... no that dumpster behind me is not on fire. i know you see smoke and so 
 tacos amp weed saved my body last night
 i aint a smoker but i literally sat down for 30 minutes trying to figure out how cigarettes are legal  and weed is a struggle to be legal.
 never get why people smoke cigs and put it on their story 
 niggaz dont want no real smoke i put that on my mama..
 @dougbenson @alisonrosen oh i noticed the post was 10hrs ago is all  hahah. my question was who smokes more pot  you or snoop dogg
 feel like being in a diner having brunch w babe amp then go home amp smoke listen to music then nap then wake up smoke a jay amp watch movies
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 my ex so can you sell me free weed  mehangs up trap jersey in rafters
 patiently waiting for that smoke a blunt while chilling on the beach weather
 im actually parked velllyy close to the smokers bench too cause when i got back from lunch there was a spiot right up front fo mama
 i wanna smoke an ounce for my bday
 im goin smoke sooo much today my lung might fall off
 stop and go traffic in bellaire on 610 w lp nb between fournace and hempstead  delay of 17 mins traffic 
 i think i deserve a smoke break 
 walked up to my car and could already smell the dank lol. cali weed is unreal.
 we are going to be so insanely high on life... and weed
 dont waste my time i could be smoking weed lil bitch
 i dont wonder how these niggas get shot no more yah flex on the wrong nigga and he smoke your ass
 damn i forgot to buy weed today
 living in colorado with a cannabis amp goat farm 
 dont plan on ever smoking ganja again but im def gonna try some edibles for eman birthday 
 @jaclynhill purple smokey huntyyyyy
 snapchat is where i smoke in peace an record weird ppl doing weird things lol but mostly smoke in peace
 at the least ill smoke a half on a bad day
 yo i just want a chick to sing that dom amp hitboy 100 rounds with me while we smoke 
 no one trying smoke everyone busy tonight 
 some lady gave me a free oxy and homie smoked me out at our drunk driving meeting 
 i need to smoke or im about to be deep in my feelings like the point of no return
 people really smoke out the same water  
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 the term disingenuous term incidental collection implies theres no fire to go along with the proverbial smoke. 
 fuck nigga u dont want no smoke you dont want no cancer
 update below from fhp on 400acre wildfire visibility may deteriorate quickly due to smokefog type conditions. 
 all they do is smoke blunts and have sex in the bathrooms then go back to their computers
 i just sit back and roll this weed
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 my servers eyes were low af   and so was another servers... im convinced they all smoke in the back 
 where there is smoke you will usually find fire. lies upon lies and i cannot be the only one who sees this
 to my future kids if i find weed in your room im smoking it.
 fun times at the park with the lil fellas my shoulders are smoked 
 @revaesharp hello rev. sharp  we thought youd like to join our virtual town hall on legalizing marijuana in il. pls dm us for more info
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3519 hickory ave  
 @realdonaldtrump where theres smoke theres fire might be an imperfect truism  but where theres smoke  theres something investigate.
 sun is shining. got cold brew in one handampjamaican food in the other feelin perfect and didnt even smoke my morning blunt yet. godissogood
 roasted pork tenderloin | baconwrapped  stuffed with spinach  smoked gouda  served over 
 i smoke a backwoods of the skunk fuck a swisher
 at this point  id take vermont law over albany just so i can be a weed lawyer
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2328 annapolis road baltimore  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1735 north milton avenue baltimore  send mess 
 wheres all this smoke coming from  claytoncounty
 you dont eat pork but smoke cigarettes 
 lemmie smoke before i get to sayin too much
 amp she aint even smoke but she swear i got that dope dick.
 current weather in miami smoke  74f 69 humidity  wind 14mph  pressure 1022mb
 current weather in hollywood smoke  74f 73 humidity  wind 16mph  pressure 1022mb
 sf attempted rapist mother clms her son was on marijuana amp alcohol amp not in the right frame  wtf fox cbs news 
 how often do you smoke weed
 @kvue @whitehouse @harvard @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @nbcnightlynews @cnn @cnbc @kremlinrussiae cop ratted out weed grower i knew
 i had a medical weed card in cali well i still do but im just so over it
 eat and smoke weed
 my heart is still broken  everyday i smoke andor take a shot or two ... just to forget that someone can really treat me so cold 
 i have a drug test on monday. ion even smoke amp im nervous lmfaooo
 @jvickers78 perfect time for the lowes weed commercial
 glad it smells like weed in my room
 @maggievespa just stupid. at 18 your are considered an adult. if they want to smoke let them. they will get them anyway..
 as soon as weed dude starts asking indepth questions its all ovr  will b so obvi he dsnt kno anythng abt growing. poorly planned 60daysin
 when your weed man finds out you got a man ... 
 @stevedimeglio hey steve  it was nice talking with you this morning on the driving range during your smoke break. i appreciate the time.
 who wanna smoke some reefer
 free smoke freee smmmmoke
 i wanna go on a vacation with bae amp get a room with a balcony so he can hit it from the back while we smoke a blunt amp watch the sun rise. 
 so uncs road to the championship game will include butler  one of ukucla  and then likely kansas. holy smokes.
 my andouille sausages fresh out of their 6hour pecan wood smoke sesh. these smell absolutely 
 @natbriggs22 yah like 5 months ago and its awesome dude i love it  and summer is a good time to come because you can hike n smoke
 @antigemination @gustavoarellano @aurabogado 180 sliced190 pulledhard to to do in smoker 912 hrsneeds dry rubinjections to keep moist
 holy smokes tim and eric show is insane @midnight tweetsfrom10yearsago
 i hate people that smoke .. 
 made that money  came home to a clean ass apartment. now what smoke a personal and do it again tomorrow. guess i cant complain.
 @troyave win weed black @welcomeovo
 ff @ticiaverveer @bluenscottish @morgfair go often to the house of a friend for weeds soon choke up the unused path... swedish proverb
 the only thing that keeps me sane is you and inhaling that smoke
 .@petesessions do you think people are stupid enough to believe your smoke amp mirrors speeches are you so stupid you believe yourself ahca
 @respectmyelders i guess i can agree with this. i could swear that bales batman was a smoker. hurt my throat every time he spoke. lol.
 my story similar to anakin skywalker  now i just smoke it off
 @speakerryan was in on decision to report  intell to @potus fakenews from @whitehouse more rogue smoke screens. in 
 lmfao he was the only nigga i know who felt entitled to the weed he sold  
 little something to take the edge off pumpkey as he pretends to smoke a pretzel stick after a close game of call of duty world at war.
 i cant smoke but yeah lemme go to the mall real quick then ill come scoop you guys unless you want to go to the mall with me then ill
 its so nice outside someone come smoke me out
 drink or smoke
 every other boy is amazing. except the boy that pays my phone bill and makes sure i have food and weed and klonopin....
 ill smoke you  
 special skills include pointing out which car on the freeway is smoking a blunt because of the weed i can smell while driving home
 trumpcare just withdrawn holy smoke
 awesome cheese burger  @ jennies smoked burgers and tornado fries in fredericksburg  tx  
 nah i cant egg lia on to smoke shes too dope for that life
 smoke smoke smoke drink drink drink bitch im getting money give a damn what u think.
 whys it smell like weed outside of chickfila yall know thats where jesus lives
 traffic jam now its time to smoke crack the window
 they only comin round for that free smoke free smoke 
 who wanna dab n smoke n smoke n dab n dab n smoke
 accident in eastmeadow on wantagh pkwy sb between hempstead tpk and before the southern pkwy  stopped traffic ba... 
 im getting sick but itd still be nice if someone came to smoke amp lay in bed w me 
 i order everything online from shoes to wings. hell ill order my weed online if my plug was set up like that 
 some lets smoke a blunt
 sultry  smokey  babe @ the sparkle bar 
 i dont even know what a gigante bean is  but they had me at smoked duck. @ piedmont grocery 
 bring back hemp textiles smh 
 armchair weed aampr here i think  now is the time for pitbull do do a m.i.a.m.i throwback album its what the streets want
 600 breezy drops free smoke remix  @xxl @600breezy @nufacechicago
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @falsefears @anncoulter @realdonaldtrump smoked too much dope. charges. factory laid you off. sad.
 heroes arrive for smoke alarm at 62 highland somervillema 
 .@anrsmokefree time to get those weed smokers 2 switch to vaping it. weedgood. vape baaaad somethings wrong with you tobacco activists
 just weed 
 niggas selling weed im selling moon rock
 dont try and act like u didnt know what dis was smokeyyyyyyyyyy 
 lmaoooo bitches really suck dick for weed 
 my next bae gotta kno how to roll 4 me times like this i wanna smoke but dont feel like rollin 
 this boy likes me.. but i dont like him... i just like smoking his weed
 definitely not performance enhancing gotta be weed cuz this nigga trash 
 im dropping raw knowledge on the troubled children  break that down in ur blunt n smoke it
 my makeup brushes smell like weed
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation rockhill  sc
 @ezraklein @mattyglesias in light of what happened yesterday  perhaps an abbreviated weeds with more fbombs than normal
 @mikaelaconley would love to connect. i rep joe schrank who founded high sobriety rehab in la using cannabis to treat opioid addictions.
 she just...bruh my weed 
 how many blunts do you think i smoke a day 
 smoking weed doesnt make you enlightened or wise... just high
 florida fucking won too . wtf   fuck sec cock smokers
 con el che @xtreme3003 @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery in garland  tx 
 i was supposed to go out last night. but i hadnt smoked in 5 five days and i got too high and hella weird... deadass. 
 @flysmikes maybe but i dont think human lungs made to injest smoke. any smoke.
 people who smoke cigs are straight up digusting dont @ me
 can you grill with a @traegergrills and smoke as well i needs something for the balcony this year.
 probably should not have smoked before this menu test  i cant even remember what bread is
 dog lets smoke to bobby womack i swear this shit bang so hard
 who tf drops an 8th of weed outside the shop and doesnt notice
 free smoke  free smoke
 i havent smoked in over a week amp idk if i even want to when i get back
 when your brother steals weed lmao my life is sick
 when you skip out on the smoke session and everyone literally roasts you. likeee  if i dont feel like smoking i just dont  feel like it
 @710marijuana710 smoke session 
 @brandoncorkery @bigsean @mikewillmadeit smoker
 @itsdws lets get the collaboration going brother  i the pipes warm and the ganja ready   send me that fire 
 free smoke  free smoke
 somebody pull up and smoke
 nana whats that weed plant doing there grandpa idk it just grew there
 havent smoked in 3 weeks  going on 4  proud of myself g.
 vibe mood bluesmoke @ blue smoke of dallas 
 lemme smoke u out omg u were sent from heaven
  promovatican smoke with us..... @ cleveland  ohio 
 you smoke is me asking you on a date.
 guess imma get some food  smoke this 8 to the face
 jet set we on point game tight  cop an ounce and smoke it the same night 
 if i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you 
 i need some ganja. who got the good in miami doe
 @usethefuture @goosegill yes  and hard to get to that point without a culture of cannabis knowledge and advocacy imo.
 you put the weed in the coconut and you light the shit up 
 i smoked numerous blunts today and got more money. what a good day 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 should your insurance company pay for medical marijuana 
 the bunny is trying to steal my weed
 where the smoke sessions
 who tryna smoke
 @buffaloroad22 @foxnews priebus blows smoke about trump tweets. this all will come back 2 bite him
 backyard scenery  coffee  smokes  music.  the world feels just right.
 i know i smoke too much now cause i be having to smoke from being tired of smoking
 people  girls who smoke ugly  me  smokes my blunt   than spark my cigarette 
 i find it so funny when people smoke weed but dont even inhale itspointless
 a man outside with 1yearold has been arrested after police say they found handgun amp marijuana in his baby stroller 
 see our latest ashtabula  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 i cant even eat i needa smoke before my breakfast 
 engine 3 is investigating has odor of smoke
 more than a quarter of americans would substitute marijuana for beer  new survey shows  via @madisondotcom
 i smoked some weed just to chill but i forgot i have to hang with my family today and i got way too high
 @fems2good4trump  trump.pence. boys.  do.  smoke.  screen.to.make.    back.  it. look.at. dog steal. you blind
 why you gotta weed out the dyslexics with your aggressively woke wifi password. took me 18x to spell this 
 @600breezy free smoke remix   on repeat
 tequila should be illegal not marijuana
 getout the tea is a herb. weed is a herb. the sunken place 
 those days when the whole human race annoys u so u smoke urself senseless 
 i didnt smoke today maybe i can go thirty more days
 i could eat green curry and smoke blue dream all day..
 heard a story on @cbcradio on this topic  the dog had anxiety among other things amp cannabis worked like a charm  ma 
 put in a little work today traeger smoked rib eyes with bourbon butter @ loudoun county  
 my voice sounds like a 60 year old man that smokes a pack of cigs a day bc iupatties
 why do backwoods smokers think they are so much cooler than swisher smokers its all nicotine
 i just wanna take a walk   smoke amp just think about life amp put all my pieces back together from this puzzle 
 ive been smoked out twice today life is great
 who has weed 
 im going to smoke a bowl and go to sleep watches entire vine thread 
 the amount of cigarettes my coworkers smoke a day reminds me why i shouldnt smoke
 i want to live on a beach one day so i can go outside on my porch and look at the water and smoke a joint 
 we can sit in the car amp smoke on the way then lol 
 i dont know how to do anything but smoke
 due to gmo volume  weeds are gaining rapid resistance to roundup market rejection of gmos grows  via @mercola
 i just wanna smoke a couple blunts and watch movies all day 
 fighting the urge to smoke because i really need to chill on that shit
 dont overlook the beauty of weeds. @ the plains  ohio 
 i know i just was w troy and ty all weekend but i cant wait to smoke w them
 baby momma was tripping bruh had to spend the weed money 
 @georgetakei pot research is a way of whites not getting stiff sentences for possessing weed. sayno2drugs
 when your family ask do you smoke  
 im with ya girl and we high off weed
 im in class and smell like weed and im super self conscious
 planning a 4 day camping trip w my bros bout to be liit and theres gonna be a lot of weed
 not gonna smoke  drink  eat out  or see any of my bfs this week cause i gotta save my gpa.
 let no female smoke for free 2k17 not even your girlfriends nigga the smell of double text and hoes is strong this year stay strong my guy
 the nfl really should get rid of the marijuana policy
 cant wait to smoke a beer tonight
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 the lofts always smells like skunk weed and dropped classes
 @drudgeinc the smoke never gets in your eye
 finns smoke some gas then lay down for a while
 i wanna smoke a blunt at the park
 hold that thought  let me smoke
 best brisket ive ever had in madison. @ north and south seafood amp smokehouse  @eatnorthsouthwi in madison  wi 
 lmao if i got bud  whoever im around for bud lol its only weed. yall be too intense about that shit
 about to go for another hike and sesh up on the hill lol i dont play i smoke everywhere found my 
 @anthonychieffo @danvvhite lmfaooo u think ur the only one whos got money cause u sell weed just remember who put u on kid
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station
 back seat smoking good weed 
 as long as i have memes and weed  i dont think i will ever be sad again lol.
 yea that happens to me with papersampdutch. what blunt or leaf you recommend to niggas that barley smoke. call me a h 
 every time you smoke a cigarette  you lose 10 minutes off your life  which are then given to keith richards
 @messymonday very true. yo justin hit me up lets have a smoke sesh 
 i miss the smell of weed so it makes me so happy when i get in your car  naylan
 when ur parents get an email about the weed smell coming from your apartment 
 lmao you ask your parents money for weed  jobless  never at school  but u tryna talk down on me oh no baby what is you doinggg 
 gas what i smoke nigga 
 np dont pass trump the blunt  smoke dza 
 shitt im trynna have a reefer party
 we all die  fuck it. live life how the fuck u want. smoke a bunch of weed amp pay ur bills. just have a great time. life is not that serious.
 cant even watch this game because every possession theres a whistle holy smokes let them play
 @mkoegle @andyfinn129 @thecheb that ball was smoked. hold my protein shake.
 all you do is smoke 
 i got lil shawty  on that reefer now she kodak boppin
 when weed was your happiness but you had to quit smoking 
 this me and ty after we smoke 
 run from no problem smoke and face that shit
 im just trynna smoke and eat a cheeseburger with a cute honey on my lap
 house approves more restrictive amendment on medical marijuana  bill up for passage vote today. 
 @katramsland most of the country agrees marijuana should be legalized  with 60 percent of us adults supporting full legalization nationwide
 welcome to colorado home of legal weed amp the imminent threat of spring snow days.
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 8021012 harwood ave  bulk trash. 
 i just miss having a nigga to smoke with all the time 
 ima smoke weed
 cannabis coffee is a better idea than cannabis beer or wine. we stoners dont like that hash booze buzz to fuck up our chill high. get it
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2848 boarman avenue baltimore  send message. 
 it smells like feet  ass and cigarette smoke in this class 
 smoke weed    stay fresh   get money   keep ah check   like us real niggas dooo  ...
 she said shed like to score some reefer and a 40  shell never know that im the best that shell never have
 lets just smoke a blunt  watching 90s movies  and chill 
 @catgreenleaf holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 eyes low when i smoke that good shit. @ raleigh  north carolina 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 107 s collington ave  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2035 west pratt street baltimore  send message.
 anyways  i was vaping in her room amp she goes idc if you smoke in my room  as long as theres no fire amp oh btw thats smells super good 
 i borrow cigs from my friend so she smokes less. im doing the world a service
 i inhale the smoke to escape the into the void.
 free smoke free smoke ay  free smoke free smoke
 @stonerc when he talk about the steelers and weed i be hurt. lmaooo bruh be goin in.
 nearly got secondhand high from all the weed being smoked in the car next to me at the stop light lol
 watching @lexxay29 get weed for the first time in colorado was the cutest thing 
 @ac360 often where theres smoke  theres fire
 finished cleaning up weeds and pruning  in my tempranillo and mourvdre vineyard. still more 
 mom it smells like skunk outside ... me ma that would be weed ur smelling
 no manager no portfolio but you wanna get paid    shit ill buy you lunch and smoke you out thats about it lol
 i thought it was pretty because it was pretty and even though its weeds lol even if something 
 i swear my smoke detector extra sensitive
 repeat do not smoke with white people they take smoking weed to the next level... they fuckin crazy....... 
 depends on the amount you smoke and how long you been smoking 
 if my smoke detector beeps one more gd time im gonna fucking smash it
 actually  i dont even smoke. 
 if your boyfriend lies to you about him not smoking weed and doing a few drugs  he probably doesnt love you girl
 @babydsavage smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 i didnt smoke no grass todaybut thats because i love to playso who am i to take awaywhat makes you feel this great
 i decided to smoke to marvin this morning. i feel like shaft  goldie and 007 at the same time
 its gonna be lit 42417 @uscapitol congress and cannabis  its time for major change 
 lol people actually smoke like this 
 damn  its a beautiful day... to smoke some dope .
 free smoke  
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 just wanna smoke and listen too lucci.
 i hate when someone lights up a cig right next to me amp blows their smoke my way  especially when im eating. 
 sooo whos tryna smoke w me 
 not smoking weed 
 once i smoke imma forget to text bike anyways 
 now that is the stupidest thing ever medical marijuana helps a lot of things it should be legal 
 aids   cbis subsidiary  cannabis science europe gmbh  acquires majority shares of german bio med ... 
 fat smoke sesh bout to go down
 rillos  weed  and a lighter 
 after marijuana and alcohol  flintstone vitamins are the most commonly misused substances by americans age 14 and older.
 i breathe you in with smoke
 little dumb ass kid told my dads mom that me and my brother be smoking weed  bitchhh hookah is weed  im weak ass fuck snake
 weve been weeding in the veggie garden the past couple of days  since the heavy rain. no pesticidesweed killers. dirt and water  baby.
 definitely yall shit always smell like weed lol 
 more weed n all more i feel
 someone sleep over and smoke with me tonight
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 take a moment and smell the marijuana in the air 
 @theycallmeemac up in smoke
 @laurenbrownmd ive got nothing but time and weed.
 fuck everything ugh i just needa smoke 
 .@jeezy like to drink  jeezy like to smoke. jeezy like to mix arm and hammer with his coke. 
 spooky black  crown and weed for my soul tonight
 babe woke me up for some sex and to smoke 
 @adamgreenblatt naive peeps think it is so easy to grow ... its a weed.  this homegrow thing will just be like homebrew.  fad
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i smoke a lot of gas   drink a lot of syrup
 im sorry i dont sit around and smoke all day. i want things in life  so i gotta get shit done. not sit around hoping god got me.
 @berniceking @hyfiology ...first off  after all the smoke finishes coming out of the 20 bullet holes in you...
 reds prospect posts videos of himself doing cocaine and smoking weed on snapchat  @thejaxshow
 @iveseenyourvajj boolin come smoke a bleez w me
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation troy  oh
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 34503502 roland ave 
 dat boy causing hell in da joint the cos dont want no smoke  
  river ranch north update smoke may impact driving on highway 60 east of cr 630. use caution 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 i wanna smoke 
 i hand him my grinder with all the weed in it amp hes like wtf am i supposed to do with all this
 kevin gastelum not fighting cause he was flagged for smoking weed. im so tight
 @shitmyfoodmakes every. fucking. night. im out...except for the whiskey and weed part.
 yes weed 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 see our latest dayton  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 bitches texted me like why you texting my nigga like her nigga dont sell weed or something  really made herself look dumb fr
 @saletan all a smokescreen. trump tough on russia  russia condemns  us tries to appease russia  lifts sanctions. bi 
 aslms2017 san diego looks like smokers here are ignoring tobacco control measures... @ hilton 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 the revolution  will not be televised here  skippers smokehouse though  tampa  nationalpoetrymonth 
 checking in from @2msmokehouse in san antonio  the feast will begin soon @ 2m smokehouse amp 
 for todays smokedoysters clubmagnoliaaugusta hollywoodoyster sweetjesus oystahs @ augusta 
 yea i f you for an hour  then i smoke it offfff 
 @martygrimes yeah  youre both yeah you had a drink  yeah you smoke
 firefighters investigate smoke at barrhaven school 
 but i guess the amount of cigarettes smoked today and the amount of money spent on illegal drugs this year isnt important to her 
 my brother picks me up to smoke.. i come out the crib with my shoe in my hand.... i already got shoes on amp im not even high yet... lmaoo
 @allirae3 i want all the smoke
 while at the doctor do you smoke well i did just get a new vape pen and doc it rips
 then you have to take a break because you smoked so goddam much you dont get high  
 wait its okay if i go to geology high though because geology is science  and science and weed together bc weed is a plant. 
 did gandhi smoke newports
 dorm mom just unlocked my door and let a man into my room to take my smoke alarm down.... no knock.. amp no pants.. very awkward encounter
 someone come smoke with me im stressed 
 no more weed 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1048 upnor road baltimore  send message. 
 thick smoke keeps a clear mind. thedetour  @ circle house studios 
 @mmpadellan actually  i think if he were smoking cannabis  hed be a better @potus he is somebody who needs to buffer his brain
 i b sad   smoke a blunt then forget why i was even upset 
 its honestly just because my mom cant smoke in the car and its so fucking annoying.
 .@thenation smoke amp mirrors to cover up the exon russia oil deal sos sworn in russian sanctions relaxed 19 of rus oil sold to shell cos
 we are in marijuana county grace
 dont tell me weed is bad when youre the one who is a grown adult with no self controlresponsibility.
 free smoke yall let me know my psn   @d1sands
 i swear all i do is smoke all day 
 this nigga pulled out his pipe and started smoking weed on the bus 
 the 2 chaps who entered bart at wcshared 1 last hit of the marijuana cigaretteanyone who hides on the platform to smoke is in a bad place.
 this foo said he had a weed brownie and almost had a heart attack
 feel like master p  who want smoke w me
 wouldve been spliff time but ion smoke no more
 2 things i always got weed. money.
  a pair of smoked boots delivered to his door  im weak. you gotta chill 
 act like you know me  act like you smoke me out  act like we homies 
 im not the typa bitch to ask to be smoked out but daaaaaaaamn lol
 those wyd after smoking this memes r accurate and all but if i smoked anything from those pics i would literally just pass out for a day
 people that smoke at pattison behind  my house  i advice u too stop.  i just saw a cop park  and pull out his scooter and head to the bayou
 so leonardo doesnt smoke weed lol 
 i suppose weeds are lonely as well.
 i smoke the best weed you gone find in the world
 is that coffee you smell like coffee uber haha idk thats weird me ohhhh yeah haha it was a joke you smell like weed uber o
 no he didnt lol rt @chuuzus lmao chance the rapper really made a malia obama we all smoke its ok shirt  
 @jwhittenbergk5 hopefully the rules wont be trump sends in fed to   ruin our cannabis industry
 nowadays you cant tell if the skunky smell youre smelling is actually a skunk or weed
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 .@cnn cnn @carolcnn  is larry sabado normalizing a classic propaganda ploy that don the con is using  holy smokes
 my eos smells like weed hahahaha 
 always a great time spinning at smokehousetavernlowell. ill be back february 17th  but tonight 
 lol guess ill buy more weed before i leave
 you either play ball sell weed or coke dope
 petty ass bitches  the weed isnt in my center counsel.
 literally thought this was marijuana 
 and last time i smoked gas  i almost crashed a whipp
 rt @laurvel we all smoke  its ok  
 who wants to get me from work at 330 and ill smoke you out. 
 charred corn amp smoked gouda croquettes...spicy mustard aioli...proscuitto chip @ los angeles  
 before i die i wanna smoke one w @wizkhalifa
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1816 dover street baltimore  send message.
 urth studio new bee  edition collection 2017 @elysium420 marijuana.michelle wigwagpipe 
 drinking a pant suit by @intrinsicbrew @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery  
 i like meeting people who smoke just as much as i do 
 dinner @ smoke in md 
 im just smoking weed tryna find the truth about a lot of things  bitch
 come get these af 1s 100 812 smokey blue @ urban legend stadium 
 hanging with my boys @eugenesghost @troyfsu love these guys @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 @rmarkrice @stormsignalsa @davesuter @senatormroberts @ecosensenow @co2coalition marijuana growers use it 
 in the last 20 minutes my brother has told my dad that i pierced my tongue and that i smoke weedmy car smells like weed
 i need to smokeeee 
 need for weed
 i just smoked a spliff and im walking around dollar tree so ya im having a hot ass friday night
 @realdonaldtrump stop blowing smoke up our dresses  all we want from you is those goddamn tax returns. 
 who gonna smoke with me  im bored as fucki got some henny too
 step aside booze and drugs this is a job for weed 
 first thing is first i have to smoke 1 rn
 i want to smoke till i cant remember  and drink till i cant feel..
 time for some drinks and cards dahl smoke 
 a singer in a smokey room. @ martys cocktail lounge 
 im reading about this upscale cannabis garden and apparently they got fuckin dragonflies
 everybody in houston think they got gas fuck outta here yall weed dont compare to chicago shit point blank period.
 about to smoke the fattest blunt an forget everything that happened today  an come back an win this last 3v3 1nd and get a 2peat in deagles
 time 2 smoke a blunt
 weed i dont smoke anyways 
 i meant smoke 
 i dont even want a phone anymore. from now on im using smoke signals and messenger pigeons.
 i just wanna be layed up with you while we watch scandal amp smoke blunts til we pass out..
 i have to be awake in 4 hours but i just want to read and smoke all night 
 chelsea trailer chelsea handler smokes  drinks and targets trump in new netflix talk show  indiewire 
 i can still smell the smoke from the car and my ears ringing bad....
 back to the future is a great movie to watch while you smoke 
 lets pop a bottle   smoke a blunt and talk about our plans for the future 
 @neoconatheist they would get weeded out  moral evolution.
 if you aint never smoke crack before youre a loser
 i hate smoke detectors
 hbd 2my right hand  sister in crime  ganjagirl  day1 i love you best friend thank you for the laughs amp tears. her 
 have something to say about medical marijuana rules tuesdays workshop is your chance 
 love that moring after weed breathe
 so on that note somebody bring me stick and ill smoke you down lol
 oh yeah oh yeah  everything is terrible  buying marijuana makes you feel like a criminal. themenzingers 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 i have some shitty weed in my pocket  if someone wants to get it out and smoke it thatd be cool
 i wanted to smoke yesterday and someone drunk convinced me to smoke a swisher
 should i smoke in my job bathroom 
 some girls are all about diamonds. this girl loves diamonds  smokers 
 can i smoke someone out for a ride home please 
 i eat super healthy  i dont do drugs or smoke  i workout regularly and i still manage to get sick twice in one month life isnt fair 
 today was a good day... now the ganja shall making it better 
 habitual smoker. 
 only in reno will you actually see a tumble weed pass the front of your vehicle
 free smoke in mancala 
 wish my girls lived in co with me  have yet to find a dope ass bestie that is real af and smokes helllllla trees  just down for whatever
 @thatshymn good music is like weed for my soul. and let the church say amen
 @slate its a smokescreen  he doesnt care about palestinians...
 o flounders  where is thy tifo o ecs  where is thy smoke rctid
 is a cute boy that wants to lay naked  drink beer  smoke  amp eat pizza   but will leave when i tell them to  too much to ask for
 seriously tho. make weed illegal again trump. fuck with me.  
 literally all of union bluv smells like weed 
 i want to smoke a fat blunt and eat about 10 chicken ring sandwiches from white castle 
 ride around with nun to do  who wanna smoke gas
 ima drop weed in front of the staff where i work so they start sharing their shit
 when i get paid im smokin @suckmyswagx2 up idc  or either way i just need to smoke
 fire amp smoke tosses mason lowe to the dirt in 3.04 seconds in the championship round. @chadberger pbr
 overheard harriet tubman never smoked an alcohol
 the only way the kings can beat us is when we shoot that poorly and smoke layups 
 safehouse smoke chamber. 
 hate when females smoke with lipstick or lipgloss on like go wipe that shit off yo face girl  
 babes weed tooooo lit riplungs
 wheres the weed man at help a girl
 sex amp weed is all i need tbh
 theyre lucky i cant smoke trees til march
 you smoke now  
 super bowl would make a great name for a marijuana dispensary.   superbowl  superbowl2017
 he just told my mom he sells weed. 
 i need some weed
 so how do they teach cops exactly what weed smells like.. are they like smell these nugs..this is what the kids refer to as loud  
 getting smoke in your eyes is the most annoying thing ever.
 after living in oregon for over a year it boggles my mind that weed isnt legal everywhere. watching cops amp people getting arrested for it
 these niggas veteran smokers  i cant keep up no more.
 i do miss my cousin julie tho amp smoke
 the best messages are when i come home from church and my friends been blowing up my phone asking me to smoke all their weed
 told myself yesterday i wasnt gonna smoke today but goddamn do i want a joint and music
 @tyleryost my heart been fucking up ode recently bro  if i smoke ill fuck around and have a heart attack nfs
 real recognize real. smokedsignals  @ venice beach  california 
 lmao in what world do you think you can smoke cigarettes in the hospital
 i like hiphop music and marijuana sport ans skateboard
 tip dont go out to smoke a cigarette during the super bowl youll miss a touchdown 
 you can tell joe buck doesnt have a pole to smoke but wait till brady throws that first td 
 this that yeah im boutta smoke a blunt music
 @jermlikespie @ianxcarlos i need a smoke and a martini if im gonna keep reading this pettiness
 you cant be serious. chrissy is a smokeshow 
 brady going have to smoke hella weed after this game the amount of harassment and clowning on social media will exceed to high amounts
 something i never thought id say ever  will you please never let me smoke up with drunk hookers ever again
 the falcon just made me want to start smoking weed again
 @aystubbs gots grass to eat and smoke my nigga
 swear  dude. smoke was in that bitch finna die. nigga tried to play it off and hold the cough in. 
 currently smoking like smokey
 i didnt want to smoke  but im hiiigh so im chillin.
 we deserve a smoke break
 walmart for water  smoke a little of this blunt  shower and snooze.  ya hoes
 1111 roll a fat ass blunt n smoke it
 shouldve gone to smoke again.
 smoking cali weed cause whoever tht was frm the super bowl party def road tripped here frm la wit the lowd pack lmao
 i need to work on my cut crease and smokey eye 
 i seen the nigga who tried rob me the next day that nigga seen me and drove smoke tf off 
 whos awake and want to smoke
 coffee and a smoke session headed to a porch near you... well not yall but me lmao 
 trump gonna end wic next amp then babies gonna be crying cuz they mom breast milk taste like weed amp loosies amp zanax 
 this nigga really just called me and bitched about me not buying weed from him lmfao
 i want to make smoked salmon macaroons for my practical...
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 539 north fulton avenue baltimore  
 its a thin line between hippy and hobo... make sure u weed smokers dont cross it
 any girls wanna come ova n smokeeee
 bout to smoke this blunt with my mom
 texting with my mom about having anxiety and she replies do you have any weed hahaha that was all i needed to feel better 
 oh hey there smokey. i knew i recognized that face. 
 soooo why did i just see a car exploded on the highway headed to the george bush airport. flames coming out  smoke across the highway
 red beans w smoked turkey necks   sweet cornbread   candied yams amp ghetto koolaid  my mama taught me how to cook  allforbae
 legal or not  marijuana can increase the risk of developing alcohol use disorders  addiction alcoholism marijuana
 fam smoke sesh 
 some of the smokiest smoked salmon in los angeles. @saltscure 
 i need to smoke with @jonathanndean its been to long
 the beginning of the memory pool. 100 soy candles  no black smoke or black soot. soy candles 
 when they find out that you smoke now  
 @bailiedawn no nigga  you wanna sleep with her then you can deal with her. im bout to go smoke
 today the woman in front of me smells like weed amp laundry detergent
 @desireeslaten  also  ive never had a cigarette smoker try to get me to start smoking. vapers have though.
 take the weed n leave the money
 just brushed my teef   if i smoke will it taste weird
 why do people sit outside of pirtle and see how many cigarettes they can smoke before their next class
 royal gold honey diamond aureole with smokey quartz studs  specs  18k white royal gold  20 
 just want a lil shawty sitting on my chest as i smoke a beezy beezy
 @thastonernation how is this helpful to our cause some times i wounder if this kind of stuff is meant to hurt marijuana reputation.
 got my weed and hella food 
 ima sip until i feel it ima smoke until its done
 asked my mom what time they were coming home and she said why you wanna smoke some doobies
 dubuque  hemptead f @kjlive25 is starting to see his recruitment heat up  winona state  augustana  etc.  report  
 yall smoke mid
 i was working a job and selling weed since 10th grade and people swear i aint pay for my own shit 
 it kinda doesnt even look like weed tho.
 i wish my dad knew how to find his own weed 
 havent had weed since 2008
 repost from @kushkards we love  smoking pot so why stop   our new  smoke pot about it 
 @joemiranda dont smoke
 trying to find a lover or a cigarette to smoke
 my friends dont burn so im just gunna smoke by my self 
 bluehour double burger with smoked whiskey cheddar  foie gras aoli  and fries 
 regarding ethics  medical marijuana...for the people only good for political rhetoric 
 i hit my weed men up a day before so they know what it is 
 harris been getting smoked all night
 margarita rita  with some reefer reefer ..
 i smoke rapper weed  dae dae
 totally just swallowed a piece of weed 
 @davewellwisher paleaseeee  you liberals are getting more phycodic every day  we are waiting for u to start shooting bc well smoke your ass
 tryna smoke cigarettes and watch tv with you all day long
 exhausted. about to drink this marijuana juice.
 random thought... why did i think it was so cool to tell people when i smoked weed back on the day i really did think i was too coool lol
 letlizspeak but she must honor her native american heritage by using smoke signals
 just posted a photo @ smoke jazz club 
 im listening to bookends with girl interrupted playing in the background while i smoke a cig outside my window. thats my mental stability
 its almost impossible to find a girl who doesnt smoke in colga
 i wake up just to smoke  then take a nap  before i go to work 
 when i smoke this swisher to the neck in front of backwood smokers 
 mcoa marijuana company of america engages 420 pros to manage branding and marketing  via @yahoofinance
 dr. tony butterfield  a chemical engineer at @uutah showing off his smoke cannon to the village scholar leaders a 
 california rolls its own cannabis trademark protection 
 i think its very unattractive when a girl smoke cigarettes 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2589 west fayette street baltimore  send mess 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5201 north charles street baltimore  
 all the counties suing drug companies i would think this falls back on pill mill docs not the maker of drugs.  no medicinal marijuana  too
 if you guessed italian then you are correct. this young gentlemen hittin the smokes hard before 
 terror immigrationban refugees france masa maga passengers evacuated from smokefilled station in paris 
 also  smoked salmon doesnt smell good when the person across the room your sitting in is eating it.
 here @jaketapper and @chriscuomo  put tis in your pipe ....... and smoke it 
 klinger and i on the air last night. things got real technical as he was drawing the bag of weed 
 told ya gotta buy cigarettes in case i become a smoker lmao @gascholisa @anncleckler @suestannett @nellybelle3379
 @drcmgreer on @allinwithchris we have an atty genl amp a congress that refuses 2 tell this man hes wrong. hes a lost ball in high weeds.
 money long like lil uzi  got 50 in the uzi  smoke yo ass like a loosie
 fuzz band @ belmont house of smoke 
 @brunswickgovt  smoke thick for over 24 hours burn still in process. air quality in the villages at marianas point terrible
 4 000 pounds of marijuana disguised as key limes seized at texas border | 
 when the loud smell so good but you dont smoke 
 you not invited to my smoke out...
 @angryblackhoemo i cant fucking wait for sessions to go after those white owned weed dispensaries.
 is it over...nah marsh is smoking a cigarette id smoke more than that 42ndstreet tcmparty goodbye @tcm
 at the fabrication yard  sometimes you need to get some where and smoke. a quite place.  
  police chiefs able to keep jobs even though they spread reefer madness lies  deceive public marijuana cannabis 
 lining up some weed imma have to take a trip.
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 i showed my mom a pic of justin bieber and she said holy smokes reason 87492 i love her
 i had a dream about weed im having withdrawals already lmao
 aint nun like a shortie who smokes honestly  like lets just get high and chill ma fr fr
 wish someone came through to smoke and watch movies w all dayy
 prescribed burn today in pine valley. smoke will be visible in the area and along i8 cleveland nf says. 
 @oojimhamiltonoo   then please rationalize your first tweet against ending the drug war  and more specifically  marijuana.  @markantro
 ab350 new marijuana edibles appealing to children. 
 i need a new weed man
 this and some weed 
 when the weed man takes 5000kabillion minutes to get back to you canyounot 
 someone scoop ill smoke you up
 incident on southernstateparkway eb from exit 15  north corona avenue to exit 17s  hempstead avenue 
 first time i bought some weed i was sold
 i aint plan ahead of time so i been sober all day now i gotta walk to get weed
 refunds done drop so yakwtgo   we rolling up all night   all you can smoke  liq  tonight only move  
 its only been warm for a day but my weeds are already taking over. 
 some1 come smoke me down real quick
 its far to cold to smoke outside i aint doin it
 i juat smoked a blunt  w your girlfriend 
 @boblew49 @cbsnews @48hours trump needs to like obama did and really smoke you
 people just casually rolling up weed in starbucks reasonsilovecali
 need to smoke ...
 b thinks u cant have two blunts of hennessy but i beg to fucking differ he hasnt seen what they can do w weed these days
 modern day confederate soldier jefferson good people dont smoke marijuana sessions is now the most powerful lawyer in us.  whyiresist
 wtf the lights keep going out at the smoke shop  i hate this weather
 moderate. pleasant. not a big bite to it.  drinking a hazy train by @fieldworkbrewco @ smoke eaters   
 hard to beat @newmarketbbq smoked mac n cheese yum 100dishestoeatinalabamabeforeyoudie 
 cant have a chick that smoke as much as i do. ..hell naaa
 sugarfire smokehouse  sweet baby cheesus 
 im smoking all of this weed baby just to forget you  inzombia thedayimetyou rebellyus xo 
 my dad just invested 1000 in marijuana stocks thefuture
 @indicudee i was thinking coughing weed on the tongue
 @crumbskull weed is for children.
 frosh hemphill and brown wasting no time making presence felt. 
 people were smoking in the bathroom at work like wtf lol its nice outside but you smoke in the bathroom 
 gave him his fame   now let me smoke 
 that was some awesome weed  @ toscanella village cafe amp pizza 
 watching @pewdiepie smoke a pipe is the best thing ive seen
 @tomhast smoke meth  hail satan
 spent my 21st birthday alone an now im spending my 21st year dealing with horrific surguriesinjuries. hard to cope. cant even smoke dope.
 this boy sitting next to me on the bus sees my headphones in and is purposely talking loud af about how he smokes and he wont stop
 70 years of smoking  perf blood gas  orange beard. this guy would probably die if he didnt smoke.
 @volpromos @volhoops heres my moonshine an actual half sister of smokey x 
 drinking  the kimmie  the yink amp the holy gose ale by @avbc @ sublime smoke   photo
 i dont smoke to get high 
 this weekend is about 2 b nonstop free art reception @city hall  r.kelly concert  smokey robinson show. go explor 
 remember. this is all smoke screen to distract from russian connection. 
 freddy say you can get killed by a nigga that smoke witcha longliveclydeforever niggassnakes
 @uber why do you allow drivers to smoke in the car no problem deleting your cancer app. deleteuber
 the besdt fam barnbash2017 @ smokehouse creek ranch 
 smokey smokey  drinking a mittens by @fallbrewing@monkeypawbrew at @fallbrewing    photo
 @905habsfan yep  good smoked is hard to find in toronto too  closest is caplanskys on bathurst  college
 ion smoke or ion double cup wit niggas or shake hands or say wassup to niggas
  just a lil smokey eye by me 
 i just wanna eat pbampj  smoke marijuana  and fuck white bitches. stop tryna call me on all that you need to come to work bullshit.
 good to know your fucking up your life @ selling weed again  good luck with your athletic future
 i just wanna smokeeeee
 molten  smoked chocolate cake with house made marshmallow with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream 
 we go together like fire and weed.
 im just looking for someone who wants to binge watch tv shows and smoke in our matching recliners when aly is away. not asking for a lot.
 gw pharmaceuticals is set to benefit as cannabis takes on cancer  via @thestreet
 crack a window we gonna smoke this indo
 yeah. thanks for listening to our music though . i dont smoke or anything like that so like no. go draw or s 
 you the type to smoke her out and im the type to serve her dick.
 crack a bottle n get the weed rolled up
 got 3 dollars and a hand full of weed tonight
 spotted sasquatch covered in marijuana leaves abc13 
 this weed got some of yall looking like yall aging 
 feels good to be getting paid to smoke a cig rn
 hate wen i dnt no morning weed man 
 potty break for everyone and smoke break for me. @ green creek rest area  southbound in sigel  il 
 rolled a blunt last night and still havent smoked it
 sat. featured panino speck  lightly smoked prosciutto  fresh mozzarella and basil pesto sauce on artisan bread. t 
 when i dont plan on spending money on drugs this week but the weedman hmu 
 gon buy myself chocolate covered strawberries n masturbate n smoke on valentines day
 smoking is not cute dont flex if you dont really smoke lol that just makes you look even dumber
 adultingisapain man what a crazy day everyone and their mom came to roll smokes today.  so glad i can sit down and take a breath
 and my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction.
 @cannabiswest  278.72 for 8g cannabis maximus live resin  denver  cannasaver  liveresindeals cannabismaximus
 loving the cold  smoke a roll  see your fingers shake im getting through your heart break
 ill prob pull up on og tonight and smoke him out.
 bored at the pad all a lone guess ill smoke to pas the time
 i smell like weed and questionable life choices 
 if we in the car  im driving. as my women its your job to roll the weed lol
 when she realize you have good manners  two jobs  dont smokedrink  no criminal record  loyal  and  bomb dick 
 @mattyruger hi thanks for weed friend
 walks on to a subway car that smells like pot conductor just a reminder that it is illegal to smoke on the train.
 i rather smoke by myself lol but thats just me
 lets smoke a blunt amp discuss our life plans 
 @vsalinassss omg or just smoke some crack and your be fine to 
 internal battle do i smoke all of my weed so i can quickly and easily fall asleep or do i not bc my throat is fucking sore help
 this weed
 as long as people want their weed and coke  there will always be cartels to push it  a somber reality @nyrosis @theblaze
 yall wouldve believe this shit people do for weed 
 yall wouldve believe the shit people do for weed 
 i happen to use marijuana like the rest of you  so yes  i remember  gotta love debbie
 really dont wanna be home i want to drink amp smoke 
 @itzamandalol you mean smoke a blunt
 i think i also smoked like  two bowls last night lol
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway wb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 sunday morning smoke amp jam out to music sesh w @alaskannikkii   goodmorning
 im trying to smoke marijuana and eat some food today
 just want to smoke and rewatch death note
 some of our smoked brisket in eggrollmpls awesome pho serving up different versions every 
 front label of new packaging for our hemp burger amp hemp burger crumbles. getting ramped up for our new local grocer 
 took carter out for a walk and it smells like dryer sheets and weed out side 
 the fact that its legal to get into cannabis distribution out here... prime time.. about to make a come up 
 america doesnt smoke enough
 we gonna smoke shit like cigarette 
 just posted a photo @ slap ya mommas smokehouse amp bbq 
 dont even know him. i wanted chain smokers to win. 
 my brothers literally sneak in my room amp eat everything i buy  imma give they ass a weed brownie  bet they wont eat shit else of mine.
 smh i gotta wake up and write two papers before class tomorrow.....ima still smoke this blunt tho
 i need to smoke a blunt .
 drake called him out for selling that 1 bag of weed back in 97 amp he been ghost since 
 i wanna smoke but i dont feel like rolling a blunt
 tonights shout out goes to the dude who smoked a blunt in the bathroom of my work yesterday
 this bitch wanna smoke all my weed
 i asked if she smoke and she told me kno  im smokin up all the weed
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm@
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 kierra say in dixon it smell like straight weed amp they dgaf but in here we gotta mop wit bleach and shit 
 i convinced bae to let me do a nice subtle smokey eye with a wing liner and ive never made such a perfect wing in my life
 when you let your 3yr old niece take a picture  mcm  lololol @ weed man of myrtle beach 
 left all my weed and grinder at bretts house so i was so happy to come home to half a bowl i saved myself 
 thank god for smoke detectors or i wouldve died today 
 being that i just moved to vegas from bergen county two months ago... amp i just saw @aggy s snap... you wanna smoke boo i got you 
 its too damn early for me to be smelling cigarette smoke  and you to be smoking 
 need weed
 suck on campus and i just wan smoke before my next class @ 2.
 @tedcruz saving txns lifes is not a train wreck. ur smoke amp mirrors just to win to the detriment of ur constituents is a train wreck
 @kidlavish them bitches wan sell rocks an smoke weed all day lol
 some pretty interesting stuff here  vaping is on the rise for cannabis.  
 lmfao @ everybody that try to stay i still smokedo absolutely anything that could possibly harm my baby.
 i been selling weed long before i added you on snap  didnt just start this year 
 420 lets smoke a blunt
 students working on iphone. iphone explodes. room fills with smoke. thanks hhs nice to know your fire alarms work i feel more safe. 
 all i want is to smoke a couple blunts w some really cool people.
 all im saying is a lot less ppl died of cancer 50 years ago when u were allowed to smoke on planes amp @ work 
 less cancer victims 50 yrs ago when u could smoke on a plane amp have a whiskey @ ur work desk aftr fuckn ur secretary 
 2alarm fire billows heavy smoke in southwest baltimore 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 308 stinson street baltimore  violation notic 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2471 frederick avenue baltimore  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2252 linden ave  
 yea i had a drink yea i smoked. girl you think i need you but i dont.
 @mrrager23 @kevinwoodrum all we have left are memories of chanting smoke again on the beach
 i dont smoke enough weed
 @veldpark @lanc02 @hermanmashaba evidently they all went up in smoke.
 my dad was talking to me in the car and was like you smoking weed again huh 
 @blckriflecoffee can i bring my smoke 
 who is tryna smokeeee when i get off
 mom theres cannabis oil in the chapstick you bought me  no wonder you like it so much
 luv roll the weed up  let your hair down  shut the blinds  cut the music up  wait turn around one more time
 just posted a photo @ glenns smokehouse 
 i can never stay high when i smoke dis booboo ass cochran weed
 girlfx collective launch party  in the weeds residency acehotelpittsburgh happens tonite from 9 
 damn now he smoked em too lol
 the bomb head shop take home this bomb duel wax and weed rig for only 155 before the sale 
 metaphorically speaking  im just a weedy hill that hasnt been mowed in 10 years. thatswhy longtimecoming readytoplantwildflowers
 to the man who smokes his own brisket and can survive getting lost in the woods while 
 why do people smoke cigarettes
 my entire apartment smells like weed and i dont understand why considering my roommate and i dont smoke
 every time i go out  im blowing that smoke out. i buy it dont even know the price
 maybe scamco is trying to weed out cheap westerners from making everything paid 
 this weed totally gave me a head high plus the headache. nigga imma explode.
 i think ima smoke again to go to bed.
 @tatallovamyarm mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @jonezazz mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 what if i only buy the weeds every other weekend 
 i think the pink smoke really paid off. 
 roses have thorns violets are weeds i wish you would join me in delicious misdeeds valentines
 on the flip side of the public transit coin  we have weed clubs advertising on city buses amp the drivers are chill so its not all bad
 cant love you i already love weed
 theres no fucking way trump isnt compromised by the russians one way or another. just too much smoke. like i said  a bad movie.
 damn it i sneezed all over my weed
 only in delhi does someone call up to snitch that someone stole their weed  while they have a gun in their room 
 too bad yall gotta fuck these niggas to get what yall want im bouta eat  drink  smoke all dat n pop nooooo pussy
 lol my grandma thinks weed is equivalent to fucking bath salts or krokodil or crystal meth. stupid
 who posted in laffy and wanna smoke one
 i dont even got any weed on valentines day and i already told her yes
 such a horrible fire. more smoke making its way east yongeandstclair  fire 
 @lifeofagirly become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 slowly weeding out all the fake motherfuckers who claim to care for me 
 who wanna smoke 
 a valentines bear a bear where the fuck you get a bear from cmon smokey when she open the door you jump on her ass
 wanna smoke a blunt while getting some head valentinesday2k17
 one of my roomates doesnt smoke at all only when hes blacked and he gave me a bag of weed this morning
 fuck valentines and smoke some weed 
  will pay someone to take me to corpus food amp ganja is part of the deal too
 @tdhurst talked cannabis with both my drivers today. on has ms.
 i just wanna smoke while i fuck a bitch
 i only accept weed  money  or food as gifts.
 i would throw a smoke out at the studio for us lonely ones but i gotta perform tonight sooooo never mind.
 philly is lit tonight  is in the air.  love and weed smoke @ schuylkill banks boardwalk 
 how cute  i fucking love roses amp weed
 youre a huge pot head when you plan out ur meals ahead of time so you have money for weed later
 who tryna smoke  fuck a valentine
 tryin to smoke a blunt to big l hmu
 can literally smell the weed my sister amp her boyfriend smoking right now
 lemme smoke this blunt in honor of valentines day 
 bro i stg everytime i smoke w kyra  girl does some dumb shit 
 smoke smoke smoke 
 funk on the nose to a subtle smoke.  drinking a funky chimney by @councilbrewing at @councilbrewing    photo
 shows dad hat with adidas symbol on it him whats that  a marijuana leaf
 i love weed more than people
 me im bout to shave my legs. dad well i got a weed eater outside. thanks dad
 finna smoke and grab me an oreomcflurry to end this holiday 
 need to smoke before i got to sleep im sick
 i ship leilani wolfgramm and jacob hemphill so hard lol
 hungry and wish i had some weed 
 @scfireservices @media371 south st st catharines reported smoke haze in the building. fire dispatched
 whoever made this list literally smokes crack. 
 she gone off the molly im gone off the weed i do what i want and i do as i please
 or smoked on the toilet 
 i smoked all my weed amp im trying to smoke lol
 @pinkieclc @ali @potus alwaus have to weed some out if he finds a weed he will tbrow it out  
 do yall really be getting each other weed as a gift lmao id rather have the feria
 flynn is the fall guy for russian interference period @gop @potus @vp knows it another smoke screen diversions from 
 hit tf out the car  walked outside to see if the folks was gon come out  said fuck it n dipped n smoke 4 blunts 3 h 
 @manidagod dr amp mexico weed brown amp full of seeds. jamaican weed was green jus like pr.. but it wasnt really fire to me. but decent
 o praise the lord fresh air not outside. just in a hallway away from the weed.
 if you love to smoke fwm
 white boys and their weed.......
 taking care of my babies after they had been neglected in a smokey building  
 she just wanna smoke and fuck like thats all we do 
 i only smoke cute lil blunts now 
 how to waste weed 101 
 lobster roll 2 with smoked bacon potato salad. lobster dinner indulgence @ noda company store 
 mysignaturedishwouldbecalled i smoked up the kitchen. my husband would understand thats why he was the cook.
 snider family unveils plans for massive marijuana facility | broad street media 
 i made my mom smoke wax and try an edible and shes one of the most antiweed people in the world and now she likes it 
 i got the gas and the smoke   i still sell mooooollly on the low
 @nflspinzone @thejetpress if off the weed  hell def make sense bc hes that talented
 bill walton probably smokes more weed than anyone i know. this game is gonna be entertaining
 maybe @stillinois should legalize recreational cannabis to help with their billion  debt. @cannabisculture 420
 @jtmartinez15 maybe try laying off the marijuanas
 depression is hell of a thing until you smoke a few and listen to @wizkhalifa to set your shit straight and tell you how it is.
 why are people pressed to prove how much they love weed. smoke your bowl and just go 
 lowkey wanna smoke
 wanna smoke and go to bed but i can never find weed in sugarland 
 everywhere i run in beaumont smells like weed lol
 what trump is doing is not o.k.  where theres smoke  theres fire.
 who got some weed
 @sfmtamuni survey guy on the 45 smoking weed  cranking tunes on his apparentlymuni issue ipad. your tax  at work  sf.
 house smoked out tf
 alright its official  i quit smoking weed
 you dont smoke tho  
 ive been sober 1 whole month and i hid the last of my weed in my closet and i cant wait to smoke it and it is some gas hahahah
 see our latest circleville  oh job and click to apply class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 amor  fogo  e tosse  a seu dono descobre love  smoke and cough are hard to hide   i follow back. te seguire . rtgt durazopromo txs 
 i love ma weed man he jus takes to long to cum da fuck outside 
 story hempstead town ida denies tax breaks for mixeduse project in @hempsteadvill.  
 i wanna attend the paint and smoke thing
 just told my ma i smoked weed before... 
 will smoke you out if you jump this car off
 when retards get on twitter and complain about weed being illegal. like do you know how many people its killed the stats are shocking
 @aliciawallace @zhangmona @msamandalewis @alysonrmartin @bruvs quick q to you all what cannabis conferences are worth attending  if any
 yooooooooo who wanna smoke fuck this shit
 delicious lunch @loxpopuli in nyc the classic smoked salmon...yum  smokedsalmon 
 in response to recent slate article by jacob grier  smokefree laws do improve cardiovascular health.  
 lies  no bag of weed is a dollar bruh 
 professor gives us breaks so he can smoke boges
 someone sell me weed thru pay pal 
 calc professor asks us what our talents are  random kid i can do sick smoke tricks  .....what is wrong with people lmao
 cant persuade me with weed.
 if president obama would have gone on vacation every weedend they would have raise so much hell. 
 just wanna get off work and smoke a blunt already
 so my younger sister smoked bud laced with meth and ended up in the hospital lol. this is why you gotta know where you getting your bud from
 when youre singing both and you yell yeah i had a drank yeah i smoke and your parents just start staring at you 
 have you noticed its all brownie shaped states that have legalized marijuana 
 need to make up for the last time i saw ganja white night lmao blackout getting kicked out of aisle 5 ... i killed it that night
 only blow dope smokes wit myself  my baby or big lazeo
 ladies. u mcm put weed over you
 people really piss me the fuck off as soon as i wake up this is why i smoke cigarettes stupid people are making me kill myself
 gonna slow it down on smoking weed and spending money . im gonna save up to get my self a truck
 if you on ya shit aint nun wrong wit da weed but if you aint on shit n cant even afford da gas wyd foo 
 court records show trench coat flasher had gun  meth amp marijuana on him. police say he exposed himself whole week b 
 i just had a convo with my ex about her not liking stoner films because shes never smoke before  then saying that is a invalid argument.
 so i get here to pick up damian at ucla  and the dudes asleep  kids dont smoke and do edibles the night before cuz then all u do is snoooze
 gonna smoke some magajuana  paint my apartment complex magaenta  and  replace my computer motherboard with a magaboard. maga
 afternoon smoke with junior. onelife @ lake worth cigars 
 today at bevnet hq native jack nitro hemp thai coffee bevstagram hemp coldbrew cbd 
 @katiepavlich @townhallcom but but but they have a program in place to weed out all the fake news.....lmao
 you tend tu nub memorable smokes  
 @texasstarlight i wish missouri had legal weed
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend
 im at cannabis central in ellensburg  wa 
 @myramc yeah im pretty sure there were warnings that turned out to be false  im not sure why anybody would put it in marijuana
 sum1 smoking that dank reefer at pullman
 why is alcohol legal everywhere but weed isnt 
 ive been smoking weed for... wait  what were we arguing about
 @jamienbc6 @nbc6 @browardsheriff our  and nerves going up in smoke for the defense of a narcissistic chump and his moneyed goons.
 how many real friends would u have if weed disappeared
 i h8 when broke ppl b like must b nice to smokedrink whenever u want bitch it is.. tf lmao. how u mad bc i can afford my habits 
 i was so excited to make cannabis oil tonight and bake with it but it turns out i dont have enough wd to make it  
 i fuck her for some free weed bro
 this smoked me  why she sweep it like that at the end 
 cue post indoor 800m smokers cough
 i hate that now that ive been arrested for possession of marijuana my whole fucking family want to smoke and eat this shit im pissed
 just smoked a cigar with an old man from palmdale outside of a liquor store. never hesitate to say hi to strangers. shout out to fred.
 my nights consist of excessive amounts of ganja amp taking the really long way home
 my mom threw away my weed brownies cause she said they were too old
 like idgaf if you smoke but do that shit outside. my ass works too hard to make my home presentable
 what kinda weed is this rosalee burned  undergroundwgn
 i havent left my desk all day but i somehow got free beer and weed 
 im smoke ave shorty but i hang where i wanna
 smoking weed is legal right now  agdam bbc cnn agdamlegalizeweedsendeet
 wish i could smoke amp drink the hurt away... i cant amp im being buried in it...
 to all the americans who think ca must smell like weed all the time.... i mean youre not wrong
 nothing to do  bored as fuck wanna smoke  might do coke  might go to sleep want some pussy wheres the pizza
 since when are you allowed to smoke cigs in the venue at the show
 chain reaction hands down dopest dope ive ever smoked. hands down dopest dope
 @jessewatters hey i just moved to oceanside amp i literally dont know anyone. can you help me find a weed connect
 lets smoke 
 need to smoke
 giving up on women  weed  alcohol  and cigarettes so i can save up for my move to hollywood
 the only reason why im allowing her to stay this late is because she said shes got weed.
 incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 
 new brunch item celery root toast with a poached egg and smoked salmon. this will be 
 woke up sober af  now i wanna smoke
 @alexnowrasteh im sure theyll replace it with a cannabis leaf
 @superp8g do you even smoke
 looking around the floors of my car for weed. stonerprobs
 veronica sawyer smokes
 do you want to smoke outside  its nice out and we could get high macmiller
 @mainvillek lets smoke a dutch soon 
 want to work at smokers outlet were hiring in odessa  tx click for details  sales job jobs careerarc
 dang its a mighty fine day to smoke some crack
 she just wanna chill with me and smoke up all my weed  so i rolled up some of that moon rock amp that bitch went straight to sleep
 i can get used to this weather  or at least until it smokes again in 2 days
 when u smoke a lil too much....  kyrie irving thinks the earth is flat  
 i havent been able to smoke a full facial in forever my tolerance is either really low or ive just been getting fire for months 
 mood lets lay in bed and smoke kush  for 3 hours
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 2804 hampden ave  upset trash cans  left on trash day.
 @princesstiaaa oh my thank you right back atchya babe lets smoke sometime
 @rhsbaseballteam yall need to reel in dj shea a little bit...  drink a little drink smoke a little smoke  really 
 saturdays are for the boys @ smokey mtns 
 i bet that the cannabis cup this year is going to be high rolling in loss vegas  makeawish and dreamscancometrue 
 bro egleston square wreaks of weed 247
 bitch where the weed at im tryna elevate my mind and existence ya hear me.
 thanks look for a fourpack of cider bottles as a smokestack series release near the end of the year. 
 im just tryna smoke weed amp fuck pornstars in the valley
 everyone smokes. youre only a rebel if you dont
 the fire alarm went off last night bc someone was smoking too much weed
 @aikazura my visa went up in smoke
 i just smoked a blunt with yo girlfriend
 when your tight with your neighbors and they dont rat you out that you  smoke in the house.  be that neighbor
 my girlfriend singing i guess ill smoke by @onlyfuturistic and @dizzywright reminds me why i love her
 check out my duby. dubyapp is the fastest growing cannabis community online.follow me @highdesertandy  on dubyap 
 check out my duby. duby app is the fastest growing cannabis community online. follow me @highdesertandy   dubyapp 
 killer night at joes @ joes on weed st. 
 when ur hair smells dank but you didnt smoke lt
 it smells like hella weed in the hallway of my apartment. @ my housemate why arent you sharing
 ill smoke you out if you come amp rub the fuck out of my shoulder .... its spazzing hard.
 craig amp smokey....minus the peer pressure ... everyday friday   houston htown 
 really wanna spark this blunt but i cant smoke until next week 
 these are the nights where i need to smoke. i can not fall asleep.
 but nah. my parents think weed will fucking kill me.
 cause everyone that didnt smoke weed all of sudden they bug smoking lol
 some people literally think medical marijuana can only be taken in the form of smoking  so its automatically bad because lung cancer.
 why east i dead all day yesterday. tyler amp i ate all those edibles and smoked all those blunts like it was 420 or sumn lmao
 i really smoked out my girl last night
 when the j gets short and the smoke starts burning your eyes 
 trump cites fake attack in sweden . what kind freshcoffeecup potus drinks or smokes something   via @usatoday
 id work x69 if i were aloud to drink or smoke for work. but ya know.
 smh and all the money i make in the winter goes to lawyers weed and da bros
 i need to smoke 
 update construction on meadowbrookstateparkway both directions from exit m4  ny 24 west hempstead turnpike to...httpst.codmd3ntyy6i
 update construction on meadowbrookstateparkway both directions from exit m4  ny 24 west hempstead turnpike to...httpst.cojgqujmlvhl
 i love to smoke outside when its nice but its trash when its cold
 beautiful weather and all i want to do is smoke spliffs  sit in a tree and listen to black messiah  sharon cancel my meetings
 someone smoke w me
 huge congratulations to @flitzanu . most definitely the sexiest living thing to ever be smoke free for 8 years thanks to ecigs.
 fck your opinion  smokeout conversations  
 people are always so suprised when they find out i dont smoke  lol
 i dont need to smoke to do this though  i already do.  
 omg someone please bring me some weed 
 sometimes you wake up and drive to colorado to buy weed w ur bf 
 me there are so many shows i need to watch also me just rewatch weeds again. 
 she smoked him holy shit lmfaoooooooo 
 @coltdude23 @ahull24 let me finish my homework ill come smoke you like this bowl i packed
 wish i had more people to smoke with 
 it smells like weed  oh wait thats weed. my college experience thus far
 just found weed thats been at my grandpas for like 5 years 
 what is cannabis essential oil  
 cant believe he lie and tell people he smoke to be down
 all we do is smoke and fuck
 omg this weed is fucming amazing  stoner @stonernation stoners stonernation
 when u thought u were getting a compliment but you actually dont ps. i dont smoke 
 funny how weedless ppl stay asking you to smoke lmao
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 i legit stay in all day and smoke
 im just wondering why the chain smokers are even there. 
 im finally coming homethat means no more smoke  creepy old men looking at me  and gross busses. i hate it here
 i jus wanna cry   smoke   and sip . all day.
 @poppotgroup @nopotnoway @yavapaicntyatty i guess i settled that4you snap marijuana lowers prodisease inflammation 
 bro wth  such an old choice man. they nigh as well said smokey from friday. 
 its a nice day to smoke a blunt and sip henny outside
 legalizing cannabis in the us would earn us well over 10billion in tax revenue. im talking to you  @potus
 nissan sanmarcos is nowplaying just smoke by mumfordampsons cubevenue
 someone smells like smoke in my class and its so hot in here and im suffocating
 my weed potent
 all i smoke is killer   yo bitch look like thriller
 fishermans breakfast smoked salmon omelet amp red onion served w arugula salad labneh cheese 
 my doctor said he wished he could reccommend cannabis. what do other doctors say 
 my day always consist on work work work work work smoke
 jonathan the only nigga im scared too smoke with feel like ill go into kush coma 
 im at smoke house restaurant  @thesmokehouse in burbank  ca 
 @jwalklnp do you know who is covering hempfield game tonight
 every bad thing for you youve been told about marijuana is a lie literally lies our government made up
 i smoke out zips i can choose what kind i want
 somebody come smoke a blunt with me
 @littleshasta @rparisee @annmcc123 @glennmcmillan14 @peterdiane01 @carolhusband my mp is blair minister of weed and part time cunt he silent
 i had a dream i had my own spot in atlanta i was happy af lmao thots every week weed liquor til i woke up and realized im in toledo
 head hurting so fucking bad i cant even smoke .... needtoquit anyways 
 we deserve a smoke break 
 and some weed. 
 i get irritated when niggas ask me do i smoke like do u know what pac is do u know what need means do u know my name
 @eddiedellasiepe in that vape vs. cigarettes joke  what do you say the vape smoke smells like it was so funny
 to my future kids if i find weed in your room  im smoking it.   
 im go have too smoke on this one .
 getting plastic surgery to smoke kush better
 blunt smoked now sleep wya
 @potus   hey legalize marijuana to become the best president of all time its that simple mr.president sir
 poc get harassed  arrested and their lives destroyed for carrying amp selling weed. white dealers get gq profiles  
 i be makin up meals me shid after i smoke  random combinations of food ideas 
 id rather do both and then smoke weed the next day again to fix the hangover.. like think ahead 
 lmfaoo im telling you its cause im tryna cut back on smoking ya know im not myself wo weed  
 lgbt  can we stop watering the weed that is this narcissistic blowhard stop watering the weed. let it die.
 when someone tell you they miss you by showing if the smoke ring on their ribs. smoke 
 my throat had been sore for 2 days and last night my voice was all raspy  now today i sound like ive smoked a pack a day since nam 
 @jkoltrogers you need to smoke a little more crack to be a true lubbock local
 @squeakykerberos @treblehusky just the kind of house i run. bring weed boos or food and stay for a while. goes for any of my friends
 buying my side nigga a pound of weed with my taxes cause he dont argue 
 bags of kush  who my weedman me
 .@tengop ..... vfn .... very fake news ..... committed to lies .... more lies ....and out right lies........and some smoke and mirrors
 damn now the weed wanna hit me
 that moment you feel you need a cigarette   but you dont smoke    
 @postbadaliens  i smoked a fat bowl come meet me up here 
 my dads watching cops amp they just pulled over someone for weed amp my dad goes ooh youre really taking a bite out of crime.
 i smoke the pounds of the green 
 crazy how chief keef had nighas running around thinking tooka was weed and not a person they killed
 cajun twist smoked beef brisket dirty rice  chicken pepper onion mushroom kabobs. all seasoned with 
 southern university to host medical marijuana town hall meeting 
 damn been smelling fire ass weed around me all day at work  just realized i half a fresh 8th of og in my pocket in an unsealed bag lol oops
 we are going to be the generation of parents that make weed socially acceptable at barbecues 
 you never know what youll see in the er...like a guy who ate his weed.
 i need more gfs to smoke with
 i really love weed. like people dont understand.
 @danselseed find a way to beat sca and control pig weeds and youll be a rich man
 yo if we ever date dont pay to get my nailshair done. pay for weed  something we can both use.
 @foxnews @clewandowski @potus more like blowing smoke to cover his lies and corrupt ties. @lyintrump 
 fuckin amp smoke personals.
 i jus wanna smoke bud
 thursday going down ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a 
 blunt smoke to the eye is actual death
 finaldestination gone have that good smoke  im talking have them boys fulla purple when they enter  
 you cant smoke a black amp mild with meee
 lit i cant smoke no more but best believe ill have it on me  
 i need to smoke
 thanks to @f3thecrick and q @f3gvegas im smoked to cap off some pre pathfinder miles in with @f3kanye and 
 americas marijuana industry headed for 24 billion by 2025  report says  
 @joshhamrick @youngtr0jan weedmurder
 im a smoker
 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews  is james okeefe about to smoke cnn tells hannity hes set to release hundreds of hrs of newsroom footage
 1 acre of u.s. cropland contain between 50 amp 300 million buried weedseeds  510 germ and emerge every year weeds farming
  the health benefits of hemp seeds in both chinese and western nutrition  food is medicine 
 anyone care to help weeding all this vinyl decals  weeding work vinyldecals stickers 
 world of cannabis
 i sit at the end of the row. no one was here but me. and then. the dank weed guy came it. all the seats are empty. he sits right next to me.
 niggas buy a gun smoke a little weed and forget they bitches
 nothing better than two lungs full of your secondhand smoke
 see our latest ellenwood  ga job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 in desoto blowing og i dont smoke no fucking purple haze 
 dont hit me up asking to smoke cause ima say yea and i need to quit 
 everyone smoke now 
 environmentalists i dont think so. toxic smoke. 
 my earring smell like straight up weed lol kinda sus
 thank you @daverosenbergtn for your leadership on marijuana reform in nashville. 
 way too much smoke around trump for there to be no fire
 its always the weirdest people in the smoke section at palomar 
 same shorties that be calling niggas lame and broke be the same ones that be tryna come in the sections and drink on liq and smoke for free
 rappers think they can drink  smoke  not write anything on paper amp freestyle 16 classic tracks on an album....jay z amp weezy got yall gassed
 anyone down to smoke 
 @mistressjan @estheryuhsilee exactly. plus nobody smokes mexican when domestic is so much better lots of american jobs too 
 i stopped smoking weed for a week now and my girl just rips dabs in front of me like 
 new bby     new vape mini boxmod minivolt cov cosmicfog cbd drip @ mojos smokes and 
 skipping class to smoke n get chipotle why am i like this 
 ill suck his dick to get you weed  bff goals
 @reptrentfranks says nukes can be snuck over the border in bales of marijuana. wonder what hes smoking 2018midterms maga
 @blindtigerpubny i smoke to temp  not time so that depends on size the size of the brisket and temp i decide to smoke at.  so for a........
 but yo if she bring swishers to the krib  u gotta kick her out...but make sure u take the weed 
 work was awful but im finna smoke this blunt while i do my homework so its coo
 srsly wanna drop out of school to go be a go go boy and work at a weed dispensary somewhere n o t  h e r e
 i just really want to smoke a cigarette in bed rn but i literally live in a basement 
 my mom would deadass smoke me out  
 cool. legalize cannabis to make sure the recreational users feel welcome. 
 some days i wish weed was legal in ga
 work in the morning 88 so im going to nap and smoke this weed i just rolled up when i wake up in between time 
 no pussy or weed but i got money now
 im at smokeeaters in san jose  ca 
 dont none of my brothers smoke
 head in the clouds trying to smoke yourself out of it
 lai need some weed who got it
 vibing with my leaning and weed
 damn it... i went to go smoke a bowl trying to go to sleep but now i just wanna talk 
 spicy says the relationship with mexico is phenomenal he is drinking the kool aid and smoking the weed found in bun 
 use to smoke swishers like a regular nigga now ima backwood typa nigga
 the moment youve waiting for herbavore smoke n eats presents open poetry night  
 @catmancatman864 i was a half to wholepackaday smoker for 10 years and i quit during one of the worst periods of my life  first try
 i dont smoke enough cigs or do enough drugs to be in art school
 game n smoke gallery ... today at 3pm im bout to roast the @nintendoamerica switch ..   only on @indiegrinddash 12 
 they aint really with a nigga  they just wanna smoke my weed they just wanna take a picture  they just wanna drink my lean
 i dont buy weed 
 @reince45 blotus hasnt accomplished a thing its smoke and mirrors. the majority rejects mrminoritys immoral hateful plans cpac2017
 pray for cannabis 
 @barstoolbigcat wow todays smoke followed by two of the biggest names in sports this year. 
 yall i stepped out the car to get some chinese and was immediately hit by some weed
 wish i was madison ivy. all she does is snapchat her tits all day n smoke weed
 dont fear this administration.  you fear marijuana.  this administration fuck off. you fear freedom.  me
 the weed from the dispensary is so much better than anything ive purchased on the street
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1711 s charles st  . 
  favorite smoke buddy  love you amp glad i have a friend like you
 justfacethedamnfacts that your always going be in the weeds   serverlife 
 @summerspep @trapthegod weed is my painkiller. unless i need opioids for stuff like wisdom teeth removal.
 walked in the spot  smelling like ganja.
 well if cannabis med gets reoutlawed i can always go back 2 music industry. thats doing so well mmj boston 
 i dont smoke 
 i dont smoke pot. i dont like pot. i am bothered when @potus is says transgender decisions r up to state but pot decisions r up to feds.
 @dongoehubaire i did an entire marijuana once. now im gay amp addicted to heroin.
 what did you smoke today 
 @shineonmymother what the crap were getting closer to regulating the sale here in canada.  we have lots of medicinal marijuana shops.
 all i wanna do is smoke and have a good time
 i love dope smoke but i gotta give dat shit up so i can get where i need to go 
 get in my belly whenintexas texasbbq @ lockhart smokehouse  @planolockhart in plano  tx  
 i smoked so much i was like bathing in weed ok brittany same
 dawg i just bought my first two grams of weed since saturday hellyeah im excited lmao
 i dont drink or smoke. im such a good girl.
 conman trump cult smoked some good stuff. because trump is illiterate ignorant and dumber than gwbush. 
 @vicenews if these aholes take our weed hippies  liberals  snowflakes and cucks start buying guns
 i dont know whats worse to watch the cavs and knicks or warriors and clippers they deadass always smoke them
 like a 50 year old smoker 
 boutta smoke a blunt 
 im sure ive smoked like 21666 
 @sallymell hey writing a story about a study on smoking for class. looking for a heavy smoker. simple qs could you please talk to me thx
 trump states rights matter states advance trans rights  legalize weed trump not those rights tho
 why do 7 people get shot in 1 night in chicago cuz u give a nigga 100 out here..hell smoke his own momma
 idgaf how much weed yall smoke yall aint gettin high unless you try dat k2 aka spice aka synthetic weed.  go try that and lemme kno.
 @rosie private prisons for marijuana users.then use inmates in the fields to replace undocumented workers. great scheme by trumps traitors
 i dont smoke weed because i think it makes me cool or different. i smoke weed because i thoroughly enjoy being high.
 i smoke sativa to stay out of my mind lol
 and .....mark my words....the very same argument used against lbgtq rights will be the reversed regarding marijuana...a complete 180
 i hate when ppl put themselves smoking weed on their snap. like youre cool bro we all get it 
 had sooooo many bitches tryna get me yesterday  them drinks amp weed had me feeling riiiiiighhhhttt so im paying for it 
 uppercutted him as we were getting up and busted his nose  he didnt want no mo smoke and his friends were tugging on him to leave.
 conflict is between states and federal. leaving the enforcement officers helpless. medical marijuana ok  recreation 
 i may have to delete facebook if my ex keeps promoting his band page. whered you get money for that you used to smoke down all my weed
 psssh everyone sells weed these days but do you got any crack
 idk how niggas be low balling for sum gass if you to broke then dont smoke
 @realdonaldtrump stay away from the pot laws too many ppl benefit mentally and physically from marihuana
 @simplekindoffan frankly  if we want to help the opioid crisis  stop handing out dangerousabusable pills and legalize medical marijuana
 im finally about to smoke 
 if only i could smoke a blunt in bed rn instead of having to go outside 
 my dad no stems no seeds  thats some badass weed 
 i dont think i could ever date someone that smokes weed 
 girls who smoke are gross.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2804 eastshire drive baltimore  send message. 
 also why you gotta tweet about a marijuana arrest right at 420 racist towards pot heads 
 i wish some pollster would have the sense 2 do an acatruth survey that only includes ppl who have obamacare. weed 
 me n hannah dont have shit to smoke out of amp she really wanted to use a receipt 
 @paramountpics the weed is all free   
 @jayxlioness smoke up
 im ready to smoke
 we the people  are the people who voted legalize marijuana farmers of america cash crop top it all the best jets made from the best minds
 tomorrow we return repost alementary with smoked baca frita and fried chicken sammies 
 wtf is going on in our country .... this is unamerican and unacceptable @ ivy city smokehouse 
 cupcakes are here come get em made with shake a paw smoked porter.  by donation for bcspca 
 yup  and no more weed to chill end of day 
 7 oclock is made for the simpsons and watching your boyfriend roll you weed
 smoking weed to get by again
 thyme to smoke the eggs.  salad course.  fresh delicious  cheflife personalcheflpd 
 everytime kev amp i smoke we end up at the fucken airport
 okay but can we smoke first
 @ryanlbowman i tried to weed mine down a bit  but i cant. at 35 figures. they did say most of these should be up for preorder eventually.
 bout to smoke this blunt while my cousin record and just vibe 
 its the healthiest way to smoke weed overheard at @4handsbrewery 
 what exactly is bad about weed again  
 swf003 @ great smokey mountains 
 takes a break from hookah to smoke a cig
 i feel like shotgunning smoke is like one of the most iconic and romantic things you can do
 lmaoooo rt @isleyymane swizz was about to get smoked and he had to stop that.
 i dont need fuckin weed or pills bitch. i want my damn money back smfh. never again man im over this bullshit
 im always surprised that ppl actually smoke crack and its just not a thing from the media 
 now hit this weed cause it might calm you down  i rub your feet listening to everything you talk about
 sr317 new georgia congressional delegation and us congress authorize study of medical marijuana in georgia urge 
 who wants to smoke in a bit
 smoking weed hed never wanna leave the house hes got an empty cushion on his sofa now
 making some bacon on the bge with applewood smoke. bbqbreakfast 
 lets smoke and transin
 only organic weed for me please. i like a healthy high. 
 i use cannabis to treat my depressionanxiety . it has worked wonderfully amp has kept me away from pharmaceutical drugs 
 spring training baseball smoker pitching to skole... pick your poison.
 can you smoke broccoli 
 yall scared to tell your parents i smoke ive told my mom i took 4 xans  help me up the stairs or im setting up on the landing tonight
 i just dont know why people talk about me like i really just smoke weed and try to do me as much as possible lol
 lt. gov. gavin newsom asks trump for cooperation with california on marijuana regulation 
 my family has seen much pain amp suffering from illnesses. of course my father amp uncles disapproved of weed. yet  the 
 exciting times at oak grove the smoke machines caused the fire alarms to go off
 tiara got weed all over the floor in this car we goin to jail 
 my grandma gave me 100 before she passed away but i bought weed instead  jalaj
 me i aint gon smoke nomo me 
 @alteeob @altfbi @brennancenter what if the marijuana possession is your third strike
 listening to mad love for the first time.. @iamjojo can we smoke a bowl together while we listen to vibe.
 @pluperfectnemo @notintheface1 now im listening to smokey  
 gurl im just tryna smoke a blunt and crash out
 i refuse to smoke this weed until i scale it
 nokia with her little black book of marijuana @ toke signals headquarters 
 @xweedposts @mmjbillboard you know im ppp for life mmj thesouthernwhitehouse iot smoke dat weed
 if i throw a party for my bday an have smokepurp and thouxanbanfauni perform who would go
 all ive ever done is kiss a girl and smoke weed
 i tried convincing rosie that she smoked crack
 @johnmayer there are better thinks to smell and toke i mean smoke
 @realdonaldtrump hire me ill figure out a way for marijuana to make money for our country sense we do in debt
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 when you and ya homie listen to wiz khalifa and fuck w his vision but neither of you smoke... 
 2 stroke smoke
 it suprises me when someone says they first smoked pot when they got to college... i didnt even have my liscense yet
 blowing vape smoke in someones face is rude
 why would u waste weed like this smh 
 remember there is only one authentic montreal smoked meat in vancouver and you know where to get itonlyatdunns 
 yall ever smoked a fat ass blunt while using the bathroom 
 im 18 and every time i try to smoke my sister and mom have to chase me wtf
 who the fuck stays in la and is down to smoke rolling up on some bomb and at this point idgaf. down
 everybody gotta smoke before attending a family function . currently 
 this is video we obtained of the smoke from this fire earlier actionnewsjax 
 very enjoyable on a sunday afternoon watching my smoker do its thing.... creature of habit 
 las vegas recreational marijuana update  recreational marijuana is still not available amp may not be available until the summer of 2017.420
 the white house is full of shit. they want to enforce marijuana lawswhere its legal but leave trans issues and a 
 so when a girl smoke for free yall just assume she fuckingsucking the dude  
 a lot of ppl who go to prison arent bad people.. they go cus they cant pay their car insurance   smoke week   try to get food for the kid..
 iowa town hall feedback personally i think a valid drivers license or voter id is required to attend these  to weed out troublemakers.
 @greeneyedtwin @sarcasticbish2u home run heather. or he took out his smoke 
 for the first time in almost a year i feel the need to smoke  fucktoday sotired
 @amysiskind @studiobuenaonda  prestrumps war on media smoke screen away frm issues. ban  lies alternative facts  bully  sexassault wall etc
 every time i try to cook in my kitchen every smoke detector in my house goes off 
 pediatricians step up warnings about marijuana use by teens 10tv 
 yeen hml  dont be all night weed might be gone  
 my car is dead  okay  so i go to jump it off and it starts to smoke.. 
 smoke my weed amp mind my business
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   huntsville  al
 i believe in cannabis. ive witnessed how it can help people  save lives  and stop opoiod abuse. it should also be as legal as alcohol. 
 this weed is flameeeee
 its been a horrible week i just want to go home and smoke
 yall want some weed random ass guy at school  @primexjoker
 breaking @healthyfla issues health advisory due to smoke from fires in @cityofpbg  
 when i smoke my after work blunt everyday thats my daily hard hat off  trap open moment
 whats with all the smoke everywhere like its in manassas but also up here in chantilly
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1517 poplar grove st  
 im definitely the happy smoker  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1710 barclay st  send message. 
 ... listening to a fucking ad for caviar weed... like its something new... omg i could punch you fuckers
 i smoke almost everyday and i still maintain a 90 average in college
 yes. yes it is. i dont smoke. never smoked. marlboro liveried cars were the best ever. no matter what discipline i 
 @ifindthemissing but you didnt ignore my rant....instead you frothed and shook like a pentecostal preacher. holy smokes enjoyed the rebuke
 current weather in naples smoke  73f 53 humidity  wind 16mph  pressure 1024mb
 im trying to put down the cannabis n pick up a book  start this essay study for this psych exam go for a run suck baes d etc..
 drank drank smoke smoke. just to ease the pain.
 dont know how many blunts we finna smoke but they finna put me right to sleep 
 smoke weed and eat shrooms until everything makes sense myrecipeforsuccess
 this had to be crack couldnt of been weed 
 scattered clouds gt smoke temperature down 71f gt 57f humidity up 14 gt 15 wind 36mph gt 26mph
 ion smoke crack  muthafucka i sell it
 god  do i love smoking weed
 nas smoked the wrong end of a cigarette...
 my asthmaallergies can not handle all this smoke
 check your smoke detectors 
 all i wanted to do was smoke amp sleep 
 rolling up to my apartment and i just smell straight up weed. i be like a police dog sniffing trying to find where its coming from lol
 some people get paranoid smoking weed or doing lsd. but donald trump gets paranoid  being alive i know because i am secretly recording him
 hiding underneath the smoke in the  room @natalieimbrugli 
 stop tryna sell me weed on snapchat. i dont smoke  and dont want your musty pack.
 as long as i have good music to listen to and good weed to smoke ima be aight.
 my weed man full of shit 
 moms said shes coming 2 bk next month and im tryna get trashed and smoke with her tbh
 me n liv smoke woods too much. lmao eyem so high. watching blade 2 rn  its lit.
 ive noticed with dancehall you can get various types of songs happy  sad  angry  love  sexy  nasty  weed etc
 legislative committee in connecticut hears bill to legalize recreational marijuana. 3 powerful women lawmakers2 ds  1 rtestify in support.
 i work so few shifts these days i make more sellin weed than i do off my paychecks
 free that nigga smoke man @ss59smoke 
 maybe i smoke too much but fuc it
 another challenge is that food safety hasnt regulated cannabis  they have had a steep learning curve
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down.
 . @mtheatresquare some more wise words about our current show  smoke on the mountain dont miss   tickets 
 if pryor gets signed myles garrett at 1 12 for jimmy g josh gordon stops smoking weed   
 also why does the rec always smell like weed
 @k1dkur0 oh sht you know jake  i just told him i smoked for the first time recently lmao
 dead makes me want to smoke a blunt w the boys 
 bout to put on make up to smoke weed and take some pictures of myself. 
 some bullshit at work today i need a pack of smokes
 babygirl dont want no smoke
 this twitter shit aint nun . who wanna link up amp smoke 
 need to find a weed man asap 
 just wanna smoke..
 so i dont smoke right my girlfriend just got me to eat a fucking edible. im gonna die. 
 well...i had this board for all of one day and let the magic smoke out of arduino nano. looks like i gotta get anot 
 shit ill smoke the next 20 years away 
 chain smoker 
 where did all of this smoke come from smoky sunset in carlsbad  nm more photos on tonights blog 
 everyone hotboxes my car but i dont even smoke
 @bluenightbird    by the way.. i smoke  drink and eat poorly... leave us alone   lol
 @survivinamerica @rondii tv cabot cove is really mendocino ca  part of the emerald triangle  largest cannabisprodu 
 we got sean spicer going on and on about states rights  then says announces crackdowns on states w legalized recreational marijuana
 @bozzlughtyear and gin smoke and lies
 gotta smoke it all  hiphopartist hiphop music newmusic rapper rap indieartist 
 do i just say fuck it and smoke in ten min lil am smoke sesh at 420a
 i tried to smoke myself back to sleep with some weed i scrounged up  life.
 im just tryna drink some iced coffee and smoke a blunt rn
 before amp after dreads @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 ya know its better to smoke marijuana than cigarettes................and marijuana is banned so like what the frik
 in 2013 i watched a guy get kicked out of the navy for smoking weed
 the dark side of hoas  abuse of power  looking for weeds after 3 days of rain amp no time to kill  shame in you
 @brandongowton @bleedinggreen saints are blowing too much smoke now. super unbelievable.
 this guy was taking a smoke break before heading home on a bus. said that he likes to have a cigarette with edgar a 
 earlier i smoked weed called blackwater. now im at a bar where doobie bros black water is playing. tell me life aint the greatest trip
 honestly if your hook is just i dont smoke crack motherfucker i sell it your the dopest rapper alive
 la mise.  artisanbread @ smokey amp the baker 
 kennedy trails by 14 at the half against hempstead. 
 sun  making fence smoke in florence al wutv @wunderground @weatherchannel @mikebettes @twcalexwilson 
 really need a fug amp dont even smoke.
 mom dukes think this weed thing a phase lls but shit at the end of the day a blunt put me to sleep soo
 lets chill and smokes these woods
 u gotta hav more than 1 weedman
 when u lie and say u went out to eat but u rlly just smoked and now ur home in bed hungry and stoned
 literally everything has had me on edge all day  i just need to smoke this blunt 
 i generation now its abt  n weed n lot finesse going on if u dont know abt now yo dumb ahh deserved to get finesse out here
 somebody smoke with me before i go to work 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation coshocton  oh
 if i was a true pothead i could smoke all day and still be able to function
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @christuckerreal @faizonlove  smokey must of owed big worm 200 again but big worm got impatient even tho that was smokey 3rd day on the job
 id rather have a girl that smoke weed than a alcoholic
 happening now ag kilmartin speaking out against legalization of recreational marijuana @abc6 
 i smoked 1 blunt exactly 2 weeks ago and i have a drug test tomorrow  before that i was clean for 2 months will i pass
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
  i got a new mouth to feed  im due south with keys yall pick seeds out ya weed i watch 
 im about to go work a double bc im bored aka go eat strip club food n smoke weed on the back deck 
 @sticknmov3 is it a synthetic weed because i dont fuck with that shit that shitll kill you  and ive had some horrible trips from it. d
 good smoke 
 i literally can walk around w weedamp paraphernalia in my bagampsmell like weedampnot get in any sort of trouble because im 21. is this real life
 you smoke that back yard bush i smoke that medical kush loud  bookofswizza
