 you smoked em with the wheats buzzin  
 home cured  smoked and sliced bacon. nothing better bacon baconlovers @ clovis  california 
 i used to smoke weed every damn day my freshman year. wowza kil 
 @lotusbabies sending a weed cake ur way
 this girl on the subway inhaled her ecig and never let the smoke out. i never took my eyes off her. how is this possible
 all you do is smoke..fuck yo momma wit a plunger
 nothing ruins a good run more then someone blowing cigarette smoke in your face 
 @influenstervox @lauramercier the bronze and blue would be a great smokey look. 
 momma thinks im smoking weed out of my vape 
 first time in a lonnnggg time i havent smoked all day  and dont feel good at all 
 i love life  weed  and music
 only reason niggas get weed from there is because niggas out there from 78 am to 2 am.
 @triadlocalfirst thank you for the rt the smoked pork sandwich is a favorite from our lunch menu.
  theyre takeout service is excellent. @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  culver city 
 classic @kevinolearytv comment if youre stupid enough to smoke  i should make money on you.
 bitch you just wanna smoke til you fry
 you should be allowed to drop kick anyone who smokes on the subway.
 @rrraaa nah i smoke weed
 another smoke sesh gettin contact high 
 another reason to kill nafta it encouraged mexican farmers to grow more profitable marijuanaopium poppies instead 
 @flyguykamanye @liltaaee lmfaooooo i dont even smoke
 i wish tooth fairy left me sum weed back in the day 
 nice smoked malt.  drinking a threesome in the dark by @raisedgrain @ milwaukee beer society    photo
 @ficklemike @whitneyyadrich @saltcod only legal weed would be legal  none of that shitty ditch weed
 when he gets you weed even though he doesnt smoke 
 i mean its coo to smoke amp drink  but everyday bro bottle after bottle like damn no school work nothing
 till then i just break down all my weed like berlin
 people who smoke in their car with their pets inside piss me off
 yo fuck these plugs and they fake weed names
 just watched this video of a guy smoking weed to treat parkinsons and some how im crying why am i like this lol
 the thought of bbq  beer and fried oreos at smoke on the water is whats getting me through this work week
 actually in love with my film professor she is an absolute smokeshow
 idk but theres a kid in the house  so i hope they dont smoke im front of him 
 fuck change is so shitty. and then i dont have weed just fuck me up dude
 i was joking about that side nigga shit this girl tryna get me smoked 
 but when you are constantly smelling cigarette smoke or weed seeping into your place i hate the smell  or...
 @natebooger this is weeding out the weaklings
 nothing is more painful than seeing a snap of someone pretending they know how to smoke amp they fucking waste a hit bc they arent educated
 only the weed smokers and drug dealers gone catch on to this one  
 @rifftrax just 9 more backers  then its goodbye weeds  
 @brokenhalo i used to smoke regularly though  and i dont want to do that again for sure
 what yo doin after you smoke dis 
 i love how supportive my friends r bc when i tell them i cant do something since im too poor they pay my cover  smoke me out or drink me out
 we stay in the studio for hours and hourszz... dogs cats weed parrots we have everything comin thru
 @boltmutt ideal date boxers  blankets  weed  and cars 13
 i need to stop smoking on my bed because i always leave ash and weed crumbs everywhereeee ugh
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 it smell like mad weed and an idea onion bagel  peels flakes of onion off bagel n takes a bite  
 the most ironic part of my day is driving by the employee smoker lounge at the hospital. its always full of people.
 nicki stans smoke crack im convinced 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 4209 arizona avenue baltimore  di 
 smoked all the weed last night 
 woke up an thanked god for these trees im bout to smoke. 
 dear people who smoke at the gas station please stop  it freaks me out
 my body becomes numb when i smoke.
 make sure yall checc out  my big bros weedizzle amp @cuzzycapone  new project slausonboyz 
 @macksta how do i vote for all of them except weed
 you smoke midget  i smoke cali
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2563 edmondson avenue baltimore  
 we have way to much weed to smoke in two days
 me i think he has weed oil mady gasps i want to rub it all over myself
 rest easy smokey  
 if you still smoke black amp mild let me introduce you to the gas life
 feel like having a smoke session .
 cause weed is illegal 
 make that coronita a huge pound of weed to smoke 
 somebody come smoke some seed w me 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2809 west north avenue baltimore  
 i always drive with weed now bc of that new houston law and bc theres too much traffic bc of that fucking construction
 i hope all those gary johnson voters enjoy the federal crackdown on weed.    
 is it safe to eat the seeds...would a little weed plant grow in your tummy ok izzy
 putting final touches on story for @cbs12 6p | okeechobee deputies make huge marijuana bust  
 @langfaa you going to smokepurpp
 ik i smoke but it aint making me tripout like that man ik wat my username was amp on top of that i gotta re enter my pswrd everytime i get on
 traffic is the worst when your fresh off tryna get some weed .
 @msnbc a left wing liberals blowing smoke
 i love marijuanas
 my weed so strong itll make you come speak to me on my brothers grave ... fuc you mean yuuuuheard
 i been sleep all fucking day really.. smoke  sleep  smoke again then back to sleep. smoke now im up
 the tracks of my tears by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 i wanna smoke
 why do i feel like every @nfl team is going to be a different @nfl team this fall holy smokes the nflfreeagency is nuts @espn @cfrelund 
 you tryna smoke 
 never thought id see the day where i could sit down w my parents and watch a weed cooking show in a state where weed is now legal
 im a huge fan of good weed nd starbucks on rainy nights
 just posted a photo @ west hempstead  new york 
 i wish i had a mobile weed man here i dont feel like driving
 moving out here is nothing but hard work w a lot of smoke breaks
 i want to smoke but my gf sleep 
 i cant remember the last time ive purchased alcohol or weed hahaha
 more weed more liquor rrrrrrright now
 protip dont smoke a bowl then watch blazing saddles for the first time. im so confused. i need time to process this
 i smoked with my uber driver at my boys crib and he left without giving me ride home
 this cold weather is really bad for my marijuana plants
 i used to be faded down 247. i dont even smoke like that anymore . paris bypassed me something crucial 
 .@iaff1552 @danvanderlelie  as we spring forward this weekend  remember to test your smoke detectorsampchange your 
 anyone up i want to smoke a blunt 
 caleb calling amp waking me up early bc he hasnt gone to sleep amp wants to smoke w somebody amp that somebody always me. 
 smoking weed with pants off gets you higher
 i woke up thinking.......pussy pussy pussy marijuana
 @brithume @nooneishere51  dude  called street justice  cop pulls you over  he says i smell marijuana  well you know the rest of the story
 damn she probably bought her own ticket too...just to smoke some mid and get wack dick lmao  shit is tragic...and then got kicked out...
 i dont spoke weed with strangers and if i aint watch you roll that shit im not smoking
 braids @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 seems to be a lot of fire and smoke in the schaumburg area @nbcchicago @fox32news @abc7chicago
 tonight  my girls and i are gonna have a cannabis sesh. im so happy i have the coolest friends ever. seriously ... i need to see em more
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414
 i dont wanna do shit today but just smoke and chill.
 back by popular demand  foodporn chicago smokedmeats @ green street smoked meats 
 its too cold to be standing outside selling weed
 @nebengineer tanners and oscars are great. but these are smoked and huge. abita turbo bbq and hot
 congratulations to @evohemp for making a dream become reality with usa  grown hemp seed products @ expowest | 
 you shouldnt smoke cigs outside its bad for the environment cigsinside
 @canadawhore no shame  no shame. but my calendar says we got smoked barbecue all day tomorrow
 bryce hempel layin with nice pass from alex jensen
 when i get my own place  just know if you dont like the smell of smokeloud you not invited
 smokey goodness  drinking a smoke on the porter side project volume 28 by @terrapinbeerco @ e.w. becks   
 good thing im picking up. crowded in here @ black dog smoke amp ale house  @blackdogcu in urbana  il 
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 9600 block of sw barbur blvd  portland  or portland fire rp17000020227 1606 pdx911
 took almost 2 years but she finally smoked with me 
 so far the only thing ive really done is smoke and sleep
 i need to get some weed before it start snowing
 sup guys anyone smoke kush 
 everytime she smokes w nay.. she sleeps the day away 
 @azdeuce are you implying that weed created the cartel and all of the problems there again i hope this is sarcasm or something. damn
 alaskan smoked porter on tap now.  @alaskanbrewing beermenus
 not tennessee whiskey  not texas weed  your sweet lovin is all i need..
 great swim by carson weed at tonights finals ...tied for 1st in the b final finished 9th overall and broke 26 flat 
 who tf is rting weed
 everyone involved in this @floydmayweather v. big show match @ wrestlemania24 did a great job. smoke and mirrors at its finest wwenetwork
 anybody down to smoke one
 i want to smoke this blunt and forget everyone
 when it smells like weed everywhere thats when u know were in colorado
 god.....this weed was a great idea.  d highdogthoughts
 killer full moon 311day2017 set at @lucillemadtown  thanks everyone for getting down  now its time to vape ganja
 my room smells like weed 
 compassion legalizing marijuana takes the weed out of the hand of illegal thugs and puts it in the hands of legal 
 im trying to smoke and people are bullshitting 
 i swear to god if i had my own bud i grow and smoke i would prob not talk to anyone lol
 a simple way to weed out selfserving people with one straightforward question. @betsym  via @inc
 ive never smoked weed  been drunk  snuck out or skipped school. copy amp paste this as your status whoever likes it 
 the great smokey mountains  neverstopexploring nature cbcubed @ 
 you niggas wanted weed legalized soooo bad... now niggas expect eiffys for 35 and you broke cuz u can only sell zips for 200 now.. dummies
 my money go to weed haircuts amp whatever my girl want some she see 
 id rather listen to bill walton list all the strains of pot hes smoked than hear another fucking syllable from dicky v...
 my mom just asked me if i smoke because she found a lighter in my wallet and i cant stop laughing
 harper is seriously a pain in the ass. she chews up everything  runs into a thorn bush  eats chocolate amp weed. whats next harper 
 @otmlou well next time we can go in on some and get him to cook them and smoke with him 
 one time i went on a tinder date amp the guy severely underestimated my smoking abilities amp i smoked all his weed. we never hung out again.
 chicago got some of the worst weed men
 the marine layer is blowing across the road like smoke in point loma. 
 im so determined to loose more weight  my grandmas weeding is approaching and i have my eye on the perfect dress 
 happy birthday juice also a cua reunion. @ smoke amp barrel 
 i say whats on my mind if i drink if i smoke i keep up with the guys.
 im just chillin playing 2k and i randomly start smelling weed
 im at town of hempstead in ny 
 a real deal wood stock would be dope. im talking hippie and panther style though.. nothing but smoke in the air  damn i cant see 
 use my code for 5 off your medical marijuana recommendation  its 100 online for ca residents  
 i met so many smoked out people today
 a dildo  a pound of weed  and a 20 gallons of xan juice. 
 zoeys grandma is on the phone with someone amp was likei dont smoke or drink anymore shes literally drinking rnamp had 4 smoke breaks tonight
 why yuh cyan stay pon me like di corna  and keep yuh lips pon me like yuh marijuana
 yellow gummy bears lowkey taste like weed.
 wasting weed 
 i dont eat or sleep i just smoke tobacco and write theses
 just smoked a personal bowl   ampamp now im eating pizza while watching supernatural . id say im pretty content 
 @gayaf lol the weed is here but over there if you know what i mean 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 facts no one want smoke he is in fact a bon 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 527 north gilmor street baltimore  send messa 
 see our latest huntsville  al job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 @bthbbq do you guys do a smoke school and im coming for lunch this week. thanks for the reminder.
  queen of smoke amp mirrors...amazing
 one day ill get a job in the cannabis industry lol.. one day.
 @lowblockify i smoked an entire one in a day this is not for me
 more weed 
 havent smoked in a while
 finna smoke a j finally and watch movies on sc.
 @cmahar3 so the guy deserved to die for selling weed get the fuck outta here
 currently watching a show called bong appetite where they cook food with weed. wonderful
 friday night old fashion smoke out at my place we big chillin blowing big dope pack dm me for details
 @realdonaldtrump new eo smoke and mirrors to get off the point of the horrible trumpcare which millions will lose coverage trumprussia
 these white people that i see in dispensaries look like theyd never touch or smoke weed lol
 i wonder if any fitspos smoke its just never talked about
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 how is alcohol legal........ and weed isnt........   .    .  . how is alcohol legal.............. at all
 i havent smoked in so long but bihhhhh
 im slowly realizing paramedic school is actually a selection process to weed out the weak
 successfulstoners @stephenking stephen king  i think that marijuana should not only be legal  i think it should be a cottage industry.
 i havent smoked in 2 days and everything and everyone is pissing me off or bothering me . i just wanna be high somewhere
 whens the last time you smoked azziz  
 if you smoke  come smoke one wit me tonight  if you drinking  come drink one with me 
 i could see i think there would be smoke coming out of my ears cause im heated
 wanna smoke a mild but i cant 
 trynna smoke summ
 nothing is more of a turn off than cigarette smoke 
 raven is a smokeshow
 i left my weed in the car lmao the level of pissed i am is sad. lowkey about to run out to get it
 honestly 2nd shift wasnt that bad. but damn they chain smoke on the line like no tomorrow.
 to be honest  im really afraid to see what my life will come to when im finished binging weeds. probably gonna get really depressed
 idk why yall be so pressed to smoke hookah like what does it really do for yall honestly
 bill maher the most interesting things about him are that hes an atheist and smokes pot which are always fascinating to hear more about
 1111 weed
 the stupid smoke alarm wont stop beeping  kms 
 but in reality ill just smoke and bowl and hopefully drift off
 smokes weed once 
 i know my mom misses the weed smell i used to bring in her house
 all i need in this life of sin is weed and my girlfriend 
 buy it  break it  roll it  light it  smoke it  inhale it  im gone
 you wouldnt take out takeout broke ass nigga ...amp you smoke trash nigga ...ya weed look like parsley...i hit that marley
 anybody wanna smoke me up ill give you some smiles
 still aint had a chance to hit this weed yet...
 by 2020  legal cannabis jobs are expected to outnumber manufacturing jobs. sxsw @leafly
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 39 i90  state fair i690 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 @reallukegunning @liamdurham33 hahaha ok true one of the only dudes but i dont think weve ever smoked 20 blunts before luke haha
 they not we be at smokers wit they goofy asssss
 its a song i dont smoke backwoods  straight swisher sweets 
 im at voyagers smoke house  @seaworld in orlando  fl 
 the govt smokes shake  
 forgettable favorite track dirty ickes least favorite queen annes lace underrated blond hair  black lungs overrated smoke
 shit happens. good thing i got weed 
 boof ass weed is not enough to keep conversation anymore.
 the make sure you ink this deal so i can be a stay at home dad and play golf  find silly hobbies amp smoke pot for t 
 my dad deadass just found a way to blame my spine being curved on weed ...
 update incident on n27bus both directions from bridge streetpratt boulevard to hempstead transit center 
 if you cant find weed on your own in la then literally just stop. i promise you you wont be successful or get anywhere in life. just stop
 anyone trying to smoke this blunt w meeee
 sports obsessed and also not a douche bag... confused as to why thats so damn hard to find  also smokes a little weed or a lot.
 @keacardash idc  smoke you one something
 the shit i smoke is like cholesterol
 wish i could wear a smokey eye everyday  smokeyeye makeup mua youtube lashes eyeshadow makeupartist 
 im bored and i wanna smoke
 cant wait to get these lil niggas out of my house so i can smoke in my room again
 if you smoke .5 sweets dont ever hml askin to match  is you stupid
 @chrislhayes smokescreen  chaff  red herring  whatever you want to call it. im not falling for it. gop healthcare debacle. remember that.
 holy smokes  
 i want a boy who smoke lets smoke together and get this money 
 i swear every time i cook  the smoke alarm goes off. 
 at least i got to smoke rn. back to cleaning.
 grandma just told me i smoke too much pot nograndma
 why do people smoke bogies  that shit nasty yo.
 steve kerr looks like he just woke up from a weed nap. stand your ass up and coach.
 im going to get room service in the am  smoke two blunts .. get another henn and coke   then head to the museum and aquarium  
 it really bothers my how some parents arent ok with their kid smoking weed but theyre ok with them being a lil alcoholic 
 she rollin weed and she dont even smoke
 i need to smoke nowwwwwwww
 should i smoke or keep my 3 week streak of being clean
 i could go for empathy rn or cuddles or weed or all 3
 i smoke so much the ashes startin to burn on me
 just rolled a blunt to not even smoke it lol im tired
 seen some shit i shouldnt have seen so let me go smoke 
 deputies in greensboro  north carolina found 200 pounds of highgrade medical marijuana. 
 head full of smoke body full of ink
 i dont even wanna smoke but the way my nerves are set up rn
 this is smoke and mirrors 
 @hannahmamba i wanna smoke rose petals omg
 i just dont see how some of yall niggas is comfortable having to go smoke outside on the porch cause you like 27 at the crib wit moms lol
 @whiteeeboyyy @freebandznoon lol shit brandon wont even race for a smoke out . lmfaoo
 @reinbourne @ausgryph just go to a damn weed growing store
 just hit those bolts with pb blaster again.... now the place smells of weed and penetrating oil....
 that marshall weed than took a lot pretty girls out game
 on the way to the house show  i smoked my weight in cigarettes and after an attempt to make you laugh you gave me a smile for a life time.
 @shelbybear17 i was agreeing that wraps are not a quality lunch. would prefer to smoke.
 @theedmkings inbox for a free copy of this song when the smoke clears  money new track on soundcloud now 
 if you smoke it they will come @ rudys country store and barbq 
 campus so dry rn i might smoke
 has sessions even met someone on weed  they pretty much just eat more and giggle
 cooler full of weed donated to goodwill 
 hope everyone banked on jpex the nice thing is if you had been listening you would have been loaded for the push. tick flippers got smoked.
 im just guna start studying in the smoke pit so i dont have to go back and forth between fourth floor as a chainsmoke my life away
 dont stress over me baby girl  smoke dope.
 @connerogdon @baltej7 smoked
 vegas so far  hobo w sign aliens abducted my weed so i need a shitload of cash to pay the ransom.
 @usagsessions it is ridiculous to compare marijuana to heroin. where do you get your facts from clinical trials amp science prove otherwise.
 and weed 
 it helps to know what type of effect youre looking for when choosing your cannabis. refer to this guide mmj 
 only goals i got rn is to relax take a bath in my new home and smoke a wood.
 one thing ill never do in life is smoke 
 damn kevin smoked his head pretty hard glad to see hes okay bbcan5
 naw he smoke weed. this is a rich akron nigga. he definitely burn  
 shotgunning smoke hot  lets do it  i encourage this happening at every opportunity shotgunning liquid how dare you
 got that whole body cough sore throat smokers voice could sleep for days why god why thing going on. good night.
 jay smoked that
 i need to smoke.
 honestly who cares i dead dont even smoke this nigga just ugly and i saw an opportunity lmfaooooo 
 @llyssewylle when prohibition was lifted  we didnt become a nation of alcoholics. marijuana will not create a nation of druggies either
 the golden star diner in neptune city. rip 2001 they had juke boxes at every table and you could smoke cigs while 
 @viankavianey ima smoke til i die ima break down that swisha ima fill it up with weed ima blow it like a whistle
 @asiandadoll link up im in austin lets shoot and smoke
 regulate canabis like tomatos. free the weed in canada  end the war on weed.  @marcscottemery @jodieemery @justintrudeau
 all i smoke is sticky it be indi no sativa please
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well go to a weed farm  and work for it.  you have to pick me up   text me now   derek
 conecuh county commissioner john andrews  jr. charged with six counts of unlawful distribution of marijuana
 why you flexing boy you dont want no smoke...
 see our latest gascity  in job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy   hiring
 @peachgoddessss smoke in the bathroom like we did at mine
 my phone case smells like cigarettes.. i dont even smoke cigarettes 
 psa just because someone smokes weed doesnt make them a bad person come on guys..
 i got so much weed in my blunt. @youngthug
 @djsmokey666 rt my tweet above catch me live this saturday in toronto v rare performance it is extremely rare 2 see dj smokey in the flesh
 who wants to smoke hookah
 forgot my weed again. fuckkkkkkkk. sxsw
 @shortbusroyalty my luck theyll blow smoke into my open window. 
 me theres a cop  just act natural  mom were not smoking marijuana  alicia  were just driving by and that is natural me oh  true
 me and bae got sum weed and we got the relo and he gon say sum put it in the air 
 who want some smoke in 8ball 
 i hope you people that smoke cigarettes are comfortable having that stanky ass breath
 @mmfa you need some weed to stop lying to chill out
 taking a break from clearing snow amp enjoying 1 of my all time favorite smokes the cigar is as good as the story beh 
 @coachingchanges my weed dealers sister babysits frans kids  and theyre saying ia asst. andrew francis is being heavily pursued by by lsu
 its our last day so we finna super smoke  
 they dont want smoke. they just wanna talk
 i just made friends with a guy selling hot links and hamburgers out of his smoker and playing 
 good to know you can get more jail time for carrying weed than raping a child that barely is hitting puberty yet 
 @mystikalgod666 also opioid painkillers are literally medical heroin and no one bats an eye but medical marijuana is a controversial issue.
 httpst.co91jovylwwy . i like to smoke pot and work out. to the ill informed or the uninitiated in the 
 99.2 on the day  im gonna get smoked tmrw for sending this tweet marchmadness 
 people who vape and insist filming themselves twirling smoke clouds actually make me lol. keep sucking that robot cock bro. its a good look.
 i just really need some weed and i accidentally smoked it all earlier 
 smoked weed now watching the passion of the christ
 yea i had a drink yea i smoked
 wyclef toussaint st jean  weed 4 sale  exclusive  everybody  reminisce on this luniz joint 
 guess what its 420 somewhere roll it  light it. smoke it  onelove 
 south hempstead ny fri mar 17th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 eat a good breakfast and dont smoke before the act
 home alone till monday who wants to come over and smoke around 330 
 @goonertilidie19 @arsenal4life777 every element of this club from top to bottom needs to be weeded out fans who accept this are guilty
 i found the saddest weed stash in the world in front of the gallery yesterday  charlie brown christmas tree of weed. 
 if a leaf fall put some weed in dat bitch  thats my mo add a b to dat shit
 im really gonna need to smoke come 230.... 
 i been this car for 11 hours im ready to smoke shit
 smoking weed like i dont have to go to work
 @eddiedreamy pac smoked everyone is playiing in them the comp is harder tbh i think it should be counted as a gold
 crispy ninam ranch pork belly with pipian sauce amp smoked pepitas at bracerococina. mexican 
 where theres smoke  theres fire 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2731 northshire drive baltimore  send message. 
 cigarette smoke makes me so sick. like  please dont come near me w. it.
 hmmmm which one is next on my vape list thanks to pgvglabs coming soon to smokeoutofwater @ 
 aint got no weed today 
 home. bout to smoke and take nap 
 student files complaint after mcmaster bars her from trip over medicinal marijuana 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 home alone till 1 might ass well smoke a couple of blunts
 something to smoke to ghwm  
 friends rental car today stank of smoke 
 ill smoke. and get up.
 @realdonaldtrump @republicanstudy @whitehouse i can smoke cigarettes amp die amp i can drink until amp die but i cant sm 
 this why i cannot depend on dray ass. he cannot be trusted with your weed 
 i hate when nights ask me do i wanna match. like no. i wanna save my weed and smoke yours. 
 drinking a barrel aged peat smoked porter by @craftybbrewery @ walton asylum   photo
 baby just buy dutches cause you cant smoke for free
 tasia got my gars and the weed already for me tru friend
 i dont mind people smoking weed outside my kids school. and they already are regular members of society.  
 @chardinexo if all he do is smoke n lay meat
 when i have my own place its gonna smell like weed  have anime posters all over and im gonna have like 4 rats
 8 year old sis were gonna watch marijuana and have snow cones me what movie her the one about the island princess whos on a boat
 do any girls in denton want to come smoke rn  my treat
 who tryna smoke ill pull up
 thats bs.  my son is a grower in humbolt county.  weed is the best med for pretty much everything.  hate pharmaceu 
 the war on drugs was  created by the bush family and cartel as a smokescreen so they could run drugs themselves wo 
 i should just go to my car and smoke it out . 
 i can only smoke at work so basically kill me
 follow @andybrackets right here @llhoops for updates of the hempfield boys games at 1pm.
 i just couldnt roll up or smoke thats when u know its time to take my asss to the hospital
 when you open the door to the hotbox and the weed loud asf 
 @lfdcigars chapter 1. always a fine smoke. cigars purocigar @cigarsmoke cigar cigarsmoke 
 were smoking weed 911 caller asks why police are knocking on his door 
 vegas might be the only place you can smoke inside.
 bro the cut video where they put the priest  rabbi and athiest gay dude together n had em smoke n talk about god is the goat
 @kmartinn27 we can smoke in the garage all night 
 todays agenda look for dark films and cry to them while oding on marijuana
 i just wanna smoke amp lay around.
 im at park city mall weed men come thru
 i didnt even smoke yesterday and my lungs are done with life 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke
 it smells like the fourth of july and weed
 i smoked pot w johnny hopkins 
 free smoke free smoke
 oh my goodness  smoked a wide open layup to win it  what a game between temple and oregon ncaaw
 my cousin weed fell in the sink while i was washing she gone beat my ass
 gotta love people who ask to smoke but dont have bud lmao ill pass
 @sgt458 @ajbaldwin @anthonymazzola @mariocfulco @jesteva62755 no smoker today. been dehydrating beef and chicken jerky all day.
 holy smokes....ncaawrestlingchampionships penn  state is the shit  congrats
 high asf  im ready to smoke again doe 
 do people who smoke american spirits braid their dick hair
 me when the end of free smoke happened 
 great fucking fight..... knew jacobs wasnt gona get smoked shoutouts to ggg though 
 free smoke was amazing though
 free smoke be bumpin 
 wtf jimi hendrixs family sues his brother over cannabis product 
 free smoke  free smoke morelife
 just lemme smoke my weed amp im good 
 free smoke free smoke
 sometimes you have to find the longest butt in the ashtray and just smoke it. thats life  bud.
 i just wanna smoke but theres dumb cops out
 free smoke free smoke 
 freeeeeee smokeeeee
 free smoke 
 drizzy wyled tf out on free smoke
 @funder there is a lot of smoke here.  can you make it clear to congress and the american people where the fire is simpleandclear
 i showed my dad a pic of the lotus flower i want for my tattoo and hes like you sure you dont want a marijuana leaf okay dad
 dont you hate when you french inhale and the smoke get in your eyes and it hurts like a bitch .
 a ton of great smokes made by many of my friends  
 im still smokin weed from colorado 
 free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 you jizzed in my towel and smoked all of my cigarettes
 free smoke
 fuck this war on drugs and trump i live 3 blocks away from the projects and still cant find a dime bag of weed.
 so this fine ass girl from work be fwm . so we sitting outside and she come sit in a seat with me snd ask do i smoke square bitch bue
 who want sum smoke 
 my favorites so far sacrifices  madiba riddim  free smoke  and get it together. @drake morelife
 free smoke   free smoke aye
 im at reds smokehouse in tucson  az w @w1donb 
 @asvprudyy what u smoke swishers
 brandon thought he came up w thewhat do fish smokejoke but instead of seaweed bein the answer he said seagarettes ampthis is y i love him
 free smoke
 smokes weed in japanese 
 shordy dont even smoke she high on top of the sky
 better in the can.  straight armpit  dank  sticky    bitter  weed.  l... humanimal stasis  photo
 greg abbott recreational amp medicinal marijuana legalization in texas  sign the petition  via @change
 what if they were marijuana producers  
 free smoke free smoke
 finna smoke and go back to sleep i aint got time for the bullshit
 theres smoked salmon in it  i swear @ egg shop nyc 
 free smoke is this years summer yanthem
 does anyone know how to get the smell of smoke out of your car  this has got to be the nastiest thing ever
 free him ..the justice system is horrible  sending rapist for 6 months and weed possession for 30 years .  this man 
 she so 100 go get everything i need for me  hold it down fuck me good amp roll my weed for me 
 dont lose sight of your original vision in the weeds. keep chipping.
 @kaylaamoo oh hun you also do more than weed
 one day ill find a boy who loves weed and xanax as much as i do 
 bouta smoke onna lake 
 californication amp weeds 
 i made her smoke that gas
 the kremlin just sound like some mofuckas you dont want smoke wit
 all i smoke is killa
 @veejforvendetta ive been thinking about this. discussing at length with friends. not kidding. i dunno ive never smoked the right stuff
 james comey looks like a disappointed dad whos only slightly ok with his son smoking weed and just avoids talking 
 oh well at least i got outta work early  i cant wait for a drink and smoke later
 need someone to smoke with 
 reporting from hempstead. couple accused of scamming more victims in bk  qns amp li using stories of sick children. 
 free smoke free smoke
 all i wanna do is drive my car and smoke a bowl by myself wmy playlist i fuck with when nobodys around but i cant
 a couple of ash flakes are starting to fall and smoke has picked back up. wind seems to have shifted directly towar 
 @cademorgan if youre selling weed im robbing your dumbass
 fuck my back up account on insta is either full of weed  sex pictures  my dogs or some shit . but this time ive done right ..
 everyday somebody asks me if im high but i dont even smoke  my eyes just stay being irritated 247 
 @stephmatute with the weed i be smoking on im feelin like this 
 free smoke free smoke aye
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 511 rappolla st  excessive debris. 
 some see a weed  others see a wish wish dandelion clintwoodva 
 pussy cocaine syrsyrup and pounds of weed
 @warriors smokethese fools @okcthunder letit flow havesomefun @stephencurry30 @money23green @klaythompson @javalemcgee34  @andre dubnation
 @kylek2121 amp i are getting a puppy tomorrow amp he wants to name it coal  bc it reminds him of rollin coal..its like a ball of black smoke
 our friendship was like fire  growing amp moving but somewhere along the way we separated amp something broke us apart  now were just smoke...
 i want to smoke i want to smoke i want to smoke i want to smoke i want to smoke i want to smoke
 sure  i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 i like to be lazy and smoke a lot of weed  .. fuck doing any gainful work or stupid shit .. 
 all weeds need to thrive is some untended ground amp a bit osun anti semitism is more akin to kudzu right conditions amp it takes over 
 gonna do a weekend getaway. get a cabin  chill in the jacuzzi  and smoke all the weed i want.
 i wish i had a friend to smoke with at this hour
 i wanna smoke a blunt or 2
 bitch im smoking weed in the six
 have bring my marijuana levels down
 smoking weed before i go to court to find out how long im not gonna be able to smoke
 h3163 new regulating the sale of recreational marijuana 
 this just a smoke session lol 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 ill smoke the whole world about my sisters and my brothers 
 police are raiding the magna terra marijuana dispensary on carling avenue. 
 short lunch break with this smoke show. @  overland park 
 @thevagitarian   so true. people should have the right to choose their own medications too  cannabis included.
 @mikegianella or weed amp snacks.
 homegirl comin thru with the smoke
 plus its obviously followed by smoke session and well probably join bear later for some serious hangs 
 my dream weeding dres 
 honestly tho whos tryna smoke some weed
 if u follow me on twitter  and youre going to basslantic holla at me amp lets be friends  we can get down together amp smoke hella fatties 
 smoke a lot of weed to keep these niggas off my mind
 dat smoke 
 true  smoke to get lifted and medicated. 
 cuddling my weed
 this nigga sc me holla ik you called me bc you wanted dick. like i did but not yours. youre not even relevant. we just wanted weed.
 i got people say i smoke too much drugs  
 perhaps they should focus on preventing concussions and rewriting their drug policy to exclude marijuana. 
 i havent smoked weed in about 2 days
 this is weed in 2017. 
 this man sale bbq plates but i never smell no smoke.
 more smoke.  
 @ellieklawrence well it begs the question if it were newports that were smoked  would it be different 
 me every time i go out with @hshoberg and i see him smoking weed 
 @smoky41hd @1stepnorth @pokemongoapp @pokemondeadguy still legit in my book. smokes  im gonna start calling you nancy.
 someone sell me not shitty weed
 free smoke free smoke 
 i just wanna smoke some bomb ass hookah when i get off who got me
 just gonna smoke and chill .
 id love to smoke enzo
 my uber driver let me smoke a port in his car lol its lit
 free weed  been getting real blessed lately
 havent smoked yet 
 current weather in panama city smoke  66f 100 humidity  wind 14mph  pressure 1018mb
 if u pull the blunt trynna fill yo whole lungs up dont ask to smoke with me
 no smoke detector room 115 @ red lion inn and suites brooklyn  new york 
 @plainricedinner many arent  we have the best smoked fish in my hometown in wisconsin.
 lets get this right @nfl  players rape  beat up  hard drugs  but @kaepernick7 helpingprotesting or weed smokers 
 tired of these smoked out looking bitches man  yall bitches need another hobby smh
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 917 washington blvd  send message. 
 when will the hobohippie weedhead looking style go away ughhhh half shirts  dudes looking like they dont shower.  no
 bouta grab that medical marijuana license i cant be fucking round with police nomo
 second hand smoke is the most added song this week. cheers to our fans and radio partners for the continued support 
 i think i need to get sick more often  supposedly i sound a lot better bc i have the smokey voice goin on.   vocalist singer nyc
 sadly ill always ve a part. ed never fully go away. marijuana is the one thing that i finally found to help nd its 
 fav song to smoke to 
 see our latest coldwater  mi job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 @problemunit @richzeoli @axthebevtax remember the good old days when you could eat  drink and smoke without some lib judging and taxing you
 i be wishing i had friends to just hit up like smoke and they down and that be that
 @foxnews @thefive @bretbaier specialreport my my my no surveillance first deny  2nd incidental collection  3rd smoke has turned into fire
 toronto police raid 2 more cannabis culture marijuana dispensaries   
 trump supporters are going to feel the hurt when they lose theyre healthcare amp medicaid. the nunes thing is a smoke screen.
 @blntsmk sum  n im tryna record big weed fwm
 we need a smoke break
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and eat oranges
 @realdonaldtrump i blv to educt ppl to weed out radicals ppl sld b made aware of the terrors in world most ppl r naive n vulnerable to it
  believer one deez dayz we gone smoke out guerito chulo 
 i just wanna smoke and go to sleep.
 lls i dont want no smoke 
 didnt smoke all day today 
 feeling bad that prison guards and cops will lose their jobs once marijuana is legal is like feeling bad for blockbuster employees.
 drinking a stoner duck nut brown hemp ale by @veniceduck at @melodylax  
 my oven started on fire and the smoke alarms didnt even go off
 @eddzzz26 @whosantonio edwin loves smokey bones lol
 lol i gotta smoke a blunt to talk to you 
 @ruthie56 trumps ground is very shaky. along with his gop allies.  only matter of time. where theres smoke theres fire. open your eyes
 i love that im smoking weed more again  why i ever stop
 @carennaffah lmao no the cannabis industry is just wild and my old boss is crazy. im good with uo and the crew  stopped by today
 one of my coworkers found 60 bucks of weed on the walk to his car god bless san mateo
 whos up and wants to smoke a blunt on me 
 making papas n chorizo so my house wont smell like weed
 free smoke free smoke 
 lets smoke hella blunts
 rolled right down the street smoked that indou sipped my gin and juice @midnight pasttensesongs 
 idk what im gonna go if weed isnt legalized by the time i get married cause we all gonna be smokin blunts @ the reception
 wgci funny asl in the morning dude said marijuana isnt legal in illinois aw damn i gotta check my guy
 can we please stop pretending marijuana is harmless  via @bostonglobe
 i do what i want and i smoke till im faded 
 @elizabethb1976 theres a few. see @trumpregrets  it can be rather entertaining. one guy thought cheato would legalize weed @ohnoshetwitnt
 grandmawhy do smoke weed         meso i dont have to live with you
 on special today broccoli soup and inhouse smoked pork schnitzel sandwich with swiss  tomato  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 119 w barre st  send message. 
 speaking of blunts  why isnt weed legal everywhere. 
 tatuaje event going on 1 week from today..march 30th 610pm. @ smoke inn wellington 
 walks into teavana yesterday  looks at the loose leaf tea @emileelikespie  this is what synthetic marijuana looks like 
 who tryna smoke and get food or sumn
 paiva weed nominates ruggerio for president for caucus to endorse 
 listen to drakes song free smoke  then when the beat comes in switch to j coles neighbors. am i crazy to think it 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation newlexington  oh
 i just need to smoke a blunt and relax
 @yaboiquise @nbabelike youre smoked lol
 he said he wanna see me as much as he can if that means ill stop smoking weed he is so sweet
 boys took all my weed i lost a band smh im mad asf
 i swear my biggest turn off ever is cigarette smokers .
 so everyone i work with smokes and my boss just played an early april fools joke  put up a sign saying  tobacco test all who fail  fired
 trimming this weed n the movie blow comes on 
 if i had a dollar for every time someone sent me a message with a weeding typo instead of wedding...
 thats not weed  thats c 
 i like this josh jackson kid. this off season ima need him to get caught smokin weed or sumn so he can fall to the rockets in the draft.
 yay  my closet smells like bad cigarretts now  how i dont even smoke
 i just really wanna get drunk and smoke a few blunts  do something reckless af
 late night smoke sess  taco bell  and a movie yes please
 who has some weed 
 count up and smoke hella buds 
 so can we just smoke
 when you come home and you stereo and weed is missing 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 science...ppl also dont drink and smoke cigarettes at halftime either.  we know more so we worker smarter 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 @mrturnup409 lol bro lastnight we smoked an nigga in my dream 
 finished product from my beautiful stylist ali boone smokedlacehair 
 i dont smoke weed or drink
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation orrville  oh
 at 8 am today a male acquaintance asked me if i wanted to smoke cactus w him. he then pulled out a canvas bag w a literal image of a 
 i done smoked up another blunt  two cat sounds fruit loops inna coupe riding round w the whole zoo 
 free smoke free smoke
 weed keeps me going  weed keeps me on trac  weed keeps me from givin up  weed keeps me focus  weed keeps me woke  weed keeps me nonviolent.
 a mirror image of a smoke photograph. the more you look the more you see. i have always liked 
 when you can barely talk because your cough is making sound like a you smoke 4 packs a day 
 i wish i can get a girlfriend whi likes to smoke eat bad food and cuddle as much is me
 i hate people who smoke 
 hangout with georgethepainter this saturday for @thehorsebc @thehorsebc smoke out preparty 
 should i pull a double today or just work my am shift and come home and sleep and smoke the rest of the day
 free smoke free smoke
 i got a crush that wont get it on anymore but shell drop everything to come smoke me out its hell 
 sucked in and helly weed flew in my mouth and that shit definetly in my nose siccccckkkk 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation atlanta  ga job
 imagining paul ryan being haunted by the ghost of ayn rand  complete with cloud of noxious cigarette smoke  is my happy place right now.
 people be having me mixed up with these lil hoes out here my mind goes deeper than sluggz  weed  and all that other bullshit 
 so who wants to smoke hookah after school 
 time bro smoke a blunt 
 vegas has cool weeds. 
 cops picked me up. cop bul like where the weed coildnt find it lady chick being all extra finds it
 i just want to fucking smoke but i got no fucking bud bc mother nature is a fucking bitch. what the fucking fuck. ugh
 you need those @ikoz.  they can also be used to hack an iphone  well  smoke an iphone anyway and dry it out.
 cosgrove smoked one over raleigh orthopaedic sign. louisville left fielder needs a chiropractor. @ncstatebaseball up 30 vs. no. 1 cards.
 i dont like matching ppl that smoke woods cause they be judging me
 ofc this store would smell like pure weed 
 free smoke free smoke @ mark squared studios 
 im to tired i dnt wanna smoke nomore
 mines is still pretty and i still smoke dope 
 lmao chucho just said  ok so we just gnna smoke these 6 blunts and go home 
 today i hit the shittiest weed ever i got a headache 
 @hi3cc holy smokes
 jake smoked a cigarette through my ear  idk whats could be more romantic
 check out inside medical marijuana on netflix   this may possibly be the worst thing i watch this year
 free smoke free smoke
 dont smoke cigs ur gonna die 
 accurate lol weed smell so good 
 about to smoke a blunt and make some breakfast 
 aaaand just like that. im outta weed lmao. no worries tho ima go re up here soon so hmu
 lets get these women on weed.  
 ok  wheres a site based in the u.s. that sells marijuana seeds a legit site not someone robbing cannabis patients looking to grow. dmpost
 you brazy if you think weed is not a gateway drug
 @ingrahamangle djt is exceedingly shrewd.we just witnessed the greatest  smoke and mirror trick in politics  libtards are scratching head
 i havent smoke yet so im cranky
 i smoke to numb the pain ..... but wat do i do when theres no more weed
 i could use a nice sesh its been a few weeks since ive smoked and i need to relax but im broke lol
 until you say no  the guy just be like damn you really dont smoke 
 i chose a brand of weed called captain cook strictly because that was jesse pinkmans alias on breaking bad
 work | smoke | sleep 
 and i smoke the boof
 came home to dallas expecting a hug from momma but got smacked instead bc i was wearing weed leaf socks i had forgot this was still an issue
 he dont smoke but everytime he wit me he be faded 
 im on a seaweed diet.. i see weed and then i smoke it 
 i havent smoked once today... what is life
 watch who you smoke with. people outchea matching with mid 
 @ a pot smoker in new orleans  420 im tryna be baked
 i just wanna go on a cute ass date amp smoke a blunt 
 the marijuana arrests are ridiculous theres other meaner killer drugs that need attention 
 the dude that just sat next to us had to have smoked an entire carton of camel non filters rolled with shit. gain1
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 101199 ackworth st  trash in alle 
 just been to hella smoke sessions 
 i forgot i had my tia on snapchat and i just showed the weed grinder 
 this is a home made weed killer which is safe for the environment...no harsh chemicals. 
 sunday funday with brunch all day at skratch. smoke salmon benedict brunching asburyparknj 
 last smoke before the snowstorm by benjamin francis leftwich is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 mornings without marijuana be like 
 i smell like smoke  good dank tho
 morning from our team at smokesumbbq  set up today at ishine carwash  see ya soon
 @dannyaller @bonfantimike @fsurich smoked gulf tuna ftw.
 ima just roll my weed 
 sf attempted rapist mother clms her son was on marijuana amp alcohol so its not his fault wtf dumb fox cbs news
 my weed man doesnt lie he always plugs me and got gas on deck and he fine af he playing im a regular customer 
 just wanna smoke and watch you dance
 saying au revoir to very drunk taylor that bitch is entirely too reckless and shes kind of a slut and apparently smokes cigarettes so 
 what a perfect day to work and smoke
 me while shading smoke just... just keep rendering saggy testicles. over and over. 
 joe biden seems like a nice guy and i used to smoke weed with his daughter in college she was very smart and beauti 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i dropped weed in my cereal 
 oh my goodness if it looks like you need a weed whacked before you ever start this process... most likely not a go 
 broo my dad smells like weed
 still blowing thick smoke while you powder your nose
 love marijuana  smoke on a daily
 you cant say no to free weed
 but can we smoke together
 just smoked somebody on horseblock
 im mad i dont have anymore shells smh... thought i did now i cant even smoke and enjoy the storm
 no you will no smoke me up.  you can choke on my dicks til you die.
 my weed prettier than all these hoes in houma.
 @vibehi didnt she say that blacks are like weed she should be eliminated
 i need some fucking weed.
 why are you allowed to smoke in denver airport its gross and i smell like a casino
 free smoke 
 they plotting they got hella girls and hella weed its all coming together they throwinga kick back 
 sunday dinner gone two shots of gentlemans jack smoked then ate.. 
 @rehillaryc thx 4 doing what youre doing. there are lots of people who support but dont want to get down in the weeds with twitter crazies
 i  weed
 nobody can smoke a pound a day idc.
 @wmata @unsuckdcmetro eyestingingly strong smoke smell in the friendship heights metro.
 see what we been trying to push cannabis for years no one would listen to us. 
 see our latest independence  mo job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 now we are beginning to see some really good stuff christie  kushner  dynamic  lightning and smoke 
 just passed a huge fire in oakland. really hope everybody is safe flames shooting through a roof and the smoke is covering the skyline.
 jesus christ.... atleast he didnt cough into when the bowl was still in because rip to all the weed thats fucking 
 colorado has strategy for recreational marijuana industry if feds crack down 
 i need to teach her ass how to roll   so she can roll my weed for me 
 i really envy people who dont drink or smoke like damn yall can make it through life without drugs.. how
 dozens of industries could see a boost from legalized marijuana 
 so @canada is now going to legalise weed. with their universal healthcare and now the marijuana  no one is going to die there. happiness
 getting rejected for cigarettes when you dont have your id on you is infuriating as fuck. like im obviously old enough to fucking smoke
 you can smoke it  eat it  drink it  vape it. know the ways youth could use marijuana amp talk to them about the conse 
 it means i got a blunt you got a blunt we finna smoke em. 
 @countrynowtv holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 i hate when weedmen keep hittin my line askin if i need  bitch im on da medical
 weekend was litttt literally smoked 3oz my lungs are out for a couple hours they need a break
 @goddesserotika @stinkfist1982 your def one of the sexiest smokers around but fi you enjoy putting your cigs out on subs 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3509 w rogers ave  
 no one can hang out so i guess ill just smoke by myself  per ushe 
 someone it smells like weed.        me 
 matchhhhhh i just wanna smokeee
 sick play frazier that ball was smokedwhitesox openingday
 glad my girl started sellin weed 
 see our latest springfield  mo job and click to apply seasonal weed inspector   labor hiring
 can i smoke crack instead 
 @washingtonpost hah even worse  wapoop is totally biased and unreliable when it comes to reporting on trump. too much smoke perhaps 
 cookbook release @ smoke shop bbq in cambridge  ma  
 drinking a smoked porter by @alaskanbrewing @ fox cigar bar gilbert  
 @acevonjohnson @thewhiskyagogo @thechadstewart usual tender with the bag of weed 
 medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 50 for mention of smoking. medicare pays 33.62
 need to smoke 
 who trying smoke and knock back this hennessy
 in a playoff game we technically should have had to forfeit  other team who smoked us last time lets us play anyway  so we nearly win.
 cause they just got smoked like one  
 can you please with the smoke up my a sht already i am not distracted. only you and your voters who. u are about to be fcked by u buy it
 this patient deadass spent an hour picking his weed earlier 
 what i really need is a friend to drive me around as i smoke weed and enjoy my music
 idk what weed he smoking 
 im so glad my mama dont do nothing she never smoked stop sipping lean yessss go girl
 @morningjoe @joenbc @morningmika rice story is purposeful disinformationunmasking is not leaking amp there was enough smoke 2 look 4 fire
 no i like how weed tastes 
 the memories. remind me to never get smoked salmon pizza ever again..  
 already seeing results after 6 days with our weed demonstration in a peach orchard. 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 i can grow the shit outta some weed  my coworker.  ummmmm lol thats not something you announce
 atlanta what it dew come smoke 1  with the guy 
 nothing but a smoke screen. 
 like an ounce  of weed marijuana
 see our latest fostoria  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 someone come scoop my ass  ill smoke u out 
 friendly reminder that legalizing marijuana would have better affects on the crime rate than building a wall
 and they played the rabbit hole poker card.   thats all they have in this wh smoke screening. rabbit hole poker 
 finding weed you forgot about is the best feeling ever.
 cbd and weed is the cure to everything 
 pop champagne amp smoke 7 grams
 the baby is only 2 grams  we could smoke it. @kayceerussell
 i got to make this poster  smoke a blunt  eat  and take another bath.
 just not weed.
 im glad i found a friend with whom i can share cannabis. staylifted
 free smoke up hmu
 naaaa i need weed son this man needs to wake up 
 gonna smoke a joint
 lmao just witnessed a drug deal in the rec center parking lot like straight up saw weed and money i fucking love college
 liberty lunch glasses by @indybrewing @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery 
 were going to stay in school forever nic  i cannot believe i was that high.... nomore weed
 niggas are smoked out they mind 
 this will always bother me. the time romo went to cabo during the off week and got smoked by the giants. wasted a chance they never got back
 drinking an 20th anniversary brew by @upstreambrewing @ smokers palace iii   photo
 and we hold court like mason perry oops i meant perry mason the weed got me dyslexic
 she like i just need some weed 
 someone lace my weed please and thanks
 think im the only girl who doesnt smoke lol
 claim you dont smoke but up at 45 in the morning smoking
 shoot ur ass for free cause nigga we just like to smoke
 gardening by the moon for april 5  2017  grub out weeds  briars  and other plant pests.
 why would you ever smoke
 ahca 2.0 is all smoke and mirrorsregulatory uncertainty alone will push insurers out of the market and collapse certain state exchanges.
 the more layers of clothing i take off  the more i smell like weed
 i wanna smoke w new people
 i be rolling fatties who wanna smoke 
 @imforeignhoe i aint even smoke it yet   just listen next time . you stay with your own agenda
 what better way to enjoy pimento cheese week  than on this hickory smoked bologna sandwich if 
 i really just need a smoke break right now.
 @janatjan wouldnt the medical cannabis in the workplace issue  not to mention the ada issue be so much easier were 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 lmaooooo he said i smoke you 
 free smoke
 breaking tsa flipflops on medical cannabis | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 wouldve been a great day for a smoke sessh
 where is the weed. no one has weed g.
 weed weed weed   snot4everyone
 all this over a dime of weed whos really broke here lol 
 thanks for the likes  jessie taylor  @ smoke shoppe in in 
 in 1851 cannabis was available for purchase in general stores in us.  paige colen  coo of hippocratic growth  llc 
 just walked in the house and i said something smells like weed and peyton put her hands up and said its not me   ......... 
 i hate when the weed plugs makes me snapchat them. the government isnt interested in your dime bag selling ass 
 @krissbriss that place is crazy asf... reason why i smoke now 
 super scared to do anything else besides weed   all that other shit is definitely not my cup of tea .
 @richsommer arent you a heavy smoker yourself how can you smell other smoke
 i need to smoke..
 @ziggyjg which is cool. its just she knows we smoke a lot so she says things like i got so stoned last weekend
 @nicoherburger so which drugs are supposed to be smoked then nico the first or second
 really want to smoke but hate the fact i gotta smoke in my bathroom and im just utterly bothered tonight
 @nyokahunt lets smoke 
 this could be yours do you smoke hundreds to choose for himher under 20  shopsmokeboxes 
 late night smokesesh while pizza cools off. vibeon cannainformative please follow my twitter @cannabiscoleman  
 study shows 1 billion people still smoke daily via @axios 
 t4 reports secondary search all clear. total of 2 patients treated and transported to hospital for smoke inhalation.
 see our latest westpoint  ky job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 can ya smoke and ride with a playa with me and youuuuu 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 applewood smoked cougar gold cheese is available at @wsucreamery for wsumomsweekend 24.99 per lbs or 50.00 a r 
 fuck weed. i love lean 
 i love food. i love weed.
 lunch @ federal hill smokehouse in erie  pa 
 ima be in cali for 420 and coachella and cant smoke....kill me right fuckin now
 when i smoke with people i start to see them different it can be good  bad  or neither but its always accurate
 hacktivism  pranksterism  planting marijuana seeds in a public park
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 35813601 falls road baltimore  
 bones smoked the field today awesome job @ralphnks @hlynnsm @tylergaff for getting her there. first win of the me 
 they tell us we cant smoke there but we do anyway because we smoke anywhere we go
 its 420 smoke something bitch
 lmao she was a super dope woman  but i couldnt get with that weed smoking stuff man. 
 game is to be sold not told. you selling dreams to these niggas for what weed
 miami looks like beijing today. its cold  and brown smoke in the air. the heck is going on
 good weather on sunday  and my first thought was perfect weather to finally smoke a blunt outside why am i such a bum man
 how do people smoke cigarettes i will forever not understand.
 see our latest harrisonville  mo job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 cruisin by smokey robinson 
 jacksonvilles first marijuana dispensary begins to take shape 
 where the weed brownies 
 i told a girl she smelled like weed. turned out she doesnt smoke and i was the one smelling like weed lol
 im read for today to be over so i can eat good asf get some drinks smoke some woods got damn
 @friedrichdrumpf regular fullstrength recreational marijuana at what dose interesting.
 every machine can be a smoke machine if you operate it wrong enough
 when ya girl wanna go out this weekend but you spent all ya money on jordans and weed 
 good thing i havent smoked in days. im quitting  
 ill smoke you out if you help me clean... anyone  zeromotivation messyhouse fml obb
 folks holla out ion see how yall smoke these all day
 @brickyardwineampspirit for dinner tomorrow evening. 23 5pm to 7pm. thai shrimp  pork belly and smoked steak.
 showgrow started with the belief that the cannabis industry deserves a better dispensary. thats why were here tod 
 i will never stop smoking weed
 so over this week  i just wanu smoke.... is that bad 
 i just found a reddit thread of the best views in arlington so who wants to take me to them and smoke w me while we there
 im not even gonna act like i dont smoke anymore. but my tolerance has gone way down. i can really only smoke up to 2 blunts at a time
 i cant stop listening to that new narrowhead with a lil splash of newest weed lp.
 found my weed
 do you work in legal california cannabis industry have thoughts on labor unions  third party distribution lets talk ben@thekindmedia.com
 whats good with these random ass people hitting my dms for a plug from here on out  i do not smoke marijuana.
 just wanna smoke a blunt with you  and talk about life
 we all smoke  its ok  
 nfl committee to consider marijuana as option for pain management  via @eazeteam cannabis4pain cannabisforbrain
 well its a colder night than i hoped but warm enough to enjoy this great smoke after a kick ass 
 hunter weedin hits two free throws shs 6460 16.6 remains dragons ball.
 if beer was my neighbor  id have no problem letting him borrow my weed whacker.
 some people just need to smoke a bowl and chill the fuck out
 @cdzapolsky1 @hale4jesus @surfpicks me too. students were protesting then antifa came w shields  poles  smoke bombs and started destruction
 fuck the chocolate i want the weed yo. 
 i have more than tried marijuana. it makes you feel relaxed in intimate situations kim cattrall  kimcattrall 
 proud to announce that ted cruz has pledged his unwavering allegiance to the hemp party @tedcruz heswithus zodiackiller
 dont tell me weed is bad but you smoke cigarets tht just shows me how you know nothing about nothing  i love weed 
 anyone tryna match on some dope smoke wit jivan and i 
 bout to smoke again lykabihh
 this bar reeks of marijuana and now i want some 
 i pick lil mama up now its weed in da air
 long live smoke
 @stitesmelissa @25malenyc for weed. delicious nutritious weed.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1238 west lombard street baltimore  send mess 
 new addition to the menu  polish sandwich with smoked kielbasa topped with caramelized onions and a side of sauerk 
 liberty leaf shifts to loi on 27.5 acquisition of profitable california weedco 
 see our latest chester  va job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
  if she would have wanted  to smoke that other joint last night 
 my dad is filling out a medical clinic paper for me and it said do you drink do you smoke and i said no and he chuckled  wth
 got n like ah smoke those n these my favorite ol club songz
 do yall bump smokepurpp
 in search of two ganja white night grand rapids tickets @detroitedmfam @michedmfam @ravechasersdet
 yooooo like why you already make chicken off that wack ass weed you be selling why be extra amp have half the city hate you 
 dcfr ffs  reserves  dekalb ema  out in the community installing smoke alarms. follow us at 
 happy boofday @mattynelson3 smoke a large wood
 deff making that trip asap. needs to smoke the finest of colorado weeds  
 @gragoydr another frequent argument last night was that highly controlled medical marijuana is a gateway drug to opioids. 
 its firstfriday over at @cigarsintl hamburg store ill be spinning  come thru and smoke. 
 came home to a smoke house from my moms incident this week....
 @jncoapparel @ikasey those deep pockets were great for storing my pipe and a quarter ounce of weed back in my high school days.
 lebanon  8 hemp field 8 boys after 1 llhoops
 it doesnt help the dude is hella pale. ha he said aw itll be okay rub some of that smoke on too dont forget between ur toes.
 im in gp for the night  smoke me out.
 kinda wanna smoke some more 
 your the only one who will die because of marijuana on earth
 walk in to 711 to get blunts and the guy ends up buying weed off me 
 @amgeeked prolly but i got no interest in fighting  rather just smoke grass and lift weights
 we smoke a blunt together  then solo our own @wizchloeefa
 ehh what can u do but just smoke weed and not care people always gonna fuck over the nice ones
 well daddy just got home so i got company but that means i cant smoke in the house now 
 @alertpage  smoke pouring out of apartments above storefront
 i use to smoke out tre5s now i smoke out the mfn zip 
 oh yeah we are on a highatustbreak for all of frebruary and i miss weed so much
 d.c. has some of the best weed ive had in life.
 @sadlycatless smoke a cig  itll sufficate the bacteria.
 worldcancerday you really shouldnt smoke  miss lane. superman 
 shouldve put some cologne before you smoked  
 all up in smokesee yall tonight @clubdv8la with a hookah and bottleservice our 
 beaniegang and the nigga dont even smoke 
 5 hours to smoke these ribs. looks amazing nashville life is not terrible. 
 nah but really  where tf rih @ @rihanna girl. if you in houston i wanna smoke and wine a lil with you baby. 
 someone bring me weed and a backwood for 
 @mannyam well hoss  listen nah. you does smoke mummy leaving for trini wednesday so you know wah going on
 @vickie627 judgejeanine  organized protesters armed w shields  poles  hammers  smoke bombs and mace arent grassr 
 bitches be like i know how to smoke   looking like  
 he let me smoke had to give him five stars
 she let me hide my weed in her titties
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 thats bc i havent smoked a blunt since 2pm i need mg nightly l
 i wish i could still smoke  i dont like drinking
 thank god for hemp cream
 no matter how much i smoke my brain doesnt turn off
 i want some weed and donuts and take my ass to sleep
 not sure if i should start my day off right with a couple bongs rips or smoke a fat ass dick to the face
 crack is cheap. i make way too much money to smoke crack  ok 
 when they ask who wanna smoke and disregard ur involvement even tho its ur lighter  @sidagee 
 people i dont even know said they were praying for me. you come to my house  get smoked out  never bring bud or anything and aint say shit
 let me get a shot of weed
 whats on your smoker today baby backs on mine. smokemeat pittsandspittsbbq @pittsandspitts @ 
 i sell reggie but i smoke hydro chronic
 beercleanglass lace perfect @ the dunedin smokehouse 
 my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction
 last day of the hemp and cannabis fair in bakersfield. fair will be airing the super bowl for all the football fan 
 cannabox  jan  high tunes  so i have got a few weed shirts in my life that id wear almost 
 i was sooooo fucking mad last night  i had like half a blunt left to smoke and savs bumped tf out of me and it fell 
 every time i send somebody to my one of my weed men they tell me next time i cop and bless me 
 boy went full on tumble weed 
 which competition style slow smoked meat do you start with when ordering our tailgatersbbq 
 @joshcable12 happy bday bro no one else id rather get smoked in the 800 by  hope its been a good one.. cant wait for track 
 about to smoke this treelog 1 rated cigar on the top25list for @cigaraficmag in 2016 bull 
 im trynna smoke a backwooddddd
 when i grow old  ill drink and smoke  like i did when youth stayed 
 the super bowl weed related jokes are really unoriginal and not funny
 holy smokes i was about to stop watching too 
 as much as i dont wanna smoke  a blunt is highkey wanted
 for me  when a girl wanna smoke and she pulls up and i ask if she has a wood... i get the most confusing looks..
 somebody got the bathroom smoked out.
 when i guy would rather take you out to lunch  then ask if you want to smoke at 2 in the morning  you jump on that shit.
 any weed mans up on campus
 i need a baby that will smoke weed and listen to the beatles with me
 marinated  smoked  sliced and piled in with salsiccia  provolone  grilled bell peppers and banana peppers. marconi 
 @realdonaldtrump do something possitive this week and legalize medicinal cannabis at least medically. we need to research in the us
 no school  gunna go smoke a bowl in the snow w my love
 @auntiexaj i was talkin bout the longevity off it  not dying from weed lmao
 im doing an informative speech on medical marijuana in a state where its not allowed at all wish me luck
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   bowlinggreen  ky
 bring me some food ill smoke u out 
 niggas be hating on me and idek why  but its cool i know nobody about the smoke around here
 im growing marijuana money trees
 get your facts straight about weed before you judge a  pot smoker
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 shes a good teaser  amp we blowing reefer
 regrann from helpingkitties    please donate  repost justbakecakes  this is smokey  a 
 how you her nigga but kissing on me    tell your bitch spend time with you smoke with you and take you where you need to go. 
 wish someone was up to smoke with ths early
 this weather makes me wanna smoke n stay laid up. fuck an education
 cause everything be the weed fault lol 
 just read my good book  finna smoke this l
 i smoke to keep it mello  
 gotta smoke outside today
 i just work make beats go to school and smoke dope  i be fully minding my business
 he wants to chill but nigga you dont smoke so no lmao
 @jasmincoronado lets smoke
 patient complaining of headache after drinking 7 shots of roundup weed killer over past couple of hours. overheardonthescanner
 screw weed  this is why id go to colorado 
 todays a great day to smoke  netflix n chill all day  too bad i got work in a bit 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 501 north monroe street baltimore  
 when the weed hits 
 in need of some weed
 really good smoke aroma and flavor. well done.... smokie robbins black lager  photo
 just cuz u gotta pussy dont mean imma chase u baby only bitch i chase is my money and my weed lol
 apparently my moms been hoarding my inhalers cause she thinks i smoke weed from them
 amp baam theres that bag of weed i lost 
 if you smoke while pregnant you are the worst kind of person 
 the smoke w model mua kyana. fashion magazine photoshoot published photography 
 i need to live in a state where marijuana is legal.
 just met a dude that thought quavo was talking about weed when he said pot so big call it super bowl
 i wish my nephew was grown man i dont want to smoke this blunt alone 
 i wanna smoke for the first time ever in life 
 how do all seven of my roommates smoke but were all dry rn
 @cheriemadelein weed
 you know  when you pick up weed and come home to weed you still had  thats a good feeling
 dizzle weed amp boobie @dglizzy24
 anyone awake selling weed lol
 the streets fucked up man this shit a dirty game  smoke smoke  drank drank just to ease the pain
 when i smoke thats my meditation
 nothing worse then being in a car with a bogie smoker
 i smoked too many blunts last night 
 literally tho that weed was for smoking purposes strictly
 rolled a blunt n aint even smoke it wtf wrong with me
 weed really make a nigga lose weight   if u smoke it like u suppose to
 when it smells loud on the corner where everyone smokes 
 @mattshoe22 its all good hoffman said its 95 clean so were good even if someone gets smoked by the ceiling
 i dont understand why people smoke. its disgusting and it makes you smell so bad. and oh yeah you can get cancer from it
 fucked up by giving her a drink amp some weed brownies cause they can make it seem like he meant to get her out of it but she took it aint it
 fuck that new add for t mobile about weed @tmobile  cunts
 want to celebrate weedsday wmego to my fb page amp watch my live happyweedsday broadcast @ 3pm et  
 love that sticky marijuana  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1106 w pratt st  send message. 
 i use to talk to a nigga that ditched his final exams to hang out with his friends and smoke ... not cute 
 @summerseirra haha damn.  maybe its a sign you smoke too much.. hahaha jk 
 nothing is what it seems.  dont let the smoke and mirrors trick you.
 wpial rifle 3rd place team amp section 3 champs hempfield  @hasdathletics 79965x featuring two 10010xs by 
 probably bc when you grow up you realize everything you were taught about marijuana is bs
 bill to legalize recreational weed in minnesota 
 if my floor could not smell like weed for once that would be great 
 nah. me  weed  and gin.  
 @potus you should probably legalize marijuana before you smoke a pound of it. 
 @blondiexc adams song  first date  sober  i miss you  whats my age again  feeling this  shes out of her mind  dump weed stockholm syndrome
 i only smoke game dutch amp backwoods them other gars nasty to me.
 the100 weed tho y 
 i got 2 blunts... who trying to smoke em with me
 republicans are all of . smoke this. 
 who trynna smoke n drink  hmuuu
 remember in high school when all of the woke pothead kids preached that weed was a cure for cancer lol
 cant wait to perform at this smoke fest.. ages 18  @fitztaylor headlining ... in the dino i 
 lol but niggas i hang with all they do is cuss  smoke  and smack at girls all day.  dont want kid around that
 if your man dont do nun but eat  sleep  smoke and lay up under u everyday thats a child not a boyfriend
 note to self... never eat cornbread after you smoke
 nah just dont smoke mid  
 holy smokes...delayed opening thisneverhappens okokhardlyeverhappens goingbacktobed 
 lmfao damn he everybody weedman  
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 @phillydailynews @phillydotcom why would u report the guy was high on marijuana when he wasnt  assholes.
 myths about driving high on weed. talk to your teens  students and friends. prevention grotonprevents drugfree 
 @makaiwright thank god i thought it was marijuana or something like that...
 ppl that smoke cigarettes dont care cold it is they going spark that fug 
 @dayvboy2g @gemcitysquadron itll be ok guys. just start saving for road trips and smoke. its going to be a long s 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hornlake  ms job
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3253 westmont avenue baltimore  send message. 
 see our latest como  ms job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   hiring
 all i smoke is gas
 trying to smoke n chill 
 holy smokes...... thats impressive 
 .@meghanmccain come 2 the dark side meghan. we have singlepayer amp civil rights amp weed and respect 4 pows like ur dad even when we disagree
 more with the giant helmet one time showing their tiger spirit  they got too spirited with the smoke. 
 this lady was justifying smoking weed by the fact that bob marley died of melanoma not lung cancer....
 this little break from weed been cute and all but......
 @goddessoctaviaa weed wishlist
 see our latest janesville  wi job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 am i allowed to donate blood if i smoke weed a lot....
 practices eyeliner can be tonights smokey eye if you work hard enough and thats my life motto
 is there smoke on my tl 
 holy hell as if i couldnt make my paodequeijo any better i just did some smoked paprika and roasted garlic a notha level boom
 fav this to smoke me out
 you dont smoke like me
 need some smoke.  cause this attitude of mine rn  af
 a nigga hate for you to check them on that mid ass weed they be having 
 legalizeit marijuana mmj 9 reasons israel is the cap. of cannabis research | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 @osuoilseeds talking about crop rotation to help manage weeds in wheat. adding a crop rotation  you inherently ge 
 just wanna stay home and smoke 
 my first night at work i had a beer chugging contest with the bartender  got free weed and got two free beers after my shift. i can dig 
 tgstudiocity smoked albacore sandwich  capers  eggs  butter lettucetendergreens studiocity 
 @paidwee @imafather1st or just go to the store and get a detox drink . i smoked the night before and still pass
 time to log off for some me time...im not going to let this fucked up world bother me  im above all of it and can see thru smoke goodday
 state officials  bankers and cannabis industry stakeholders packing the house today at the 
 were celebrating valentines day by gifting you roost smart batterys amp smoke alarms for 14 off at 
 fat jacks on roosevelt blvd. is offering a reward if a 30 000 smoker is returned @fox29philly 
 annoyed sammi dont get off till 8 bc i wanna smoke
 dont take any advice. just smoke your problems away. 
 how come yall cant just smoke n be cool  yall always tryna find new ways to get high  
 i need a girl friend who can smoke as much as me and actually hang 
 rooftop blaze sends smoke across qew in burlington 
 weird ass people on facebook just trying to smoke my joint to jthuromusic lifted feat. 
 @shaneaveli @midnightstudios cleaning process  smells like marijuana and alcohol. 
 i weed and happy smoker for me 
 need weed n lean asap
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in coral springs  fl 
 was gonna go out but i think im gonna stay in and smoke.
 gonna spend my night packaging alot of orders if anyone wants to come over amp help ill provide wine amp the smoke out
 this nigga just asked me do i smoke mid.  does your daddy sell mid
 if only i could smoke a fatass blunt before eating this pizza
 do you have food at your house no but i have weed ok
 i just want to smoke some great weed and build a time machine.
 officially a non smoker
 it was too packed @ arlington i almost died from 2nd hand smoke
 rickys so blown i need to smoke more ahaha
 im out of weed ... at least i wont be going to class high now
 @twozday this shit really smells sooooo good like orange sherbet with a hint of weed 
 1.8 mil ma yeson4 voters outraged w politicians delaying marijuana legalization httpst.coafywx5vxxt 
 heart thank you lord for removing the weeds that are in my heart  who removes your weeds coffeewithjesus 
 hanging just to smoke  boy  you lame as a bitch.   @isaiahrashad was everything.   tampa 
 i have the confidence of a grade 10 whose smoked weed twice talking to a grade 9 whos smoked weed once
 am i the only one who thinks its rude to smoke a cigarette while going through the drive thru
 South Carolina 
 if you want to test a mans character   give him unlimited power. you will weed out the roughe definetly .now the problem is  rid us of him.
 im now selling my house smoked and molasses cured bacon by the 
 grilled chicken sandwich  shaved turkey   smoked bacon   swiss cheese  heirloom tomato and basil aioli   best with. 
 if she smokes squares  shes sus
 for me  in 2017  a jen anne is the one cigarette i smoke a year on jennifer anistons birthday. happy birthday jen 
 me every time i hear someone complaining about people who smoke lmfao fuck you guys 
 everyday filled with buffoonery smokescreens rs divide among cabinet 
 james charles is a great mua but i would appreciate if he would do something other than a burgundy toned smokey eye tutorial
 the weed fairy stopped by our place  this morning kay found dabs under our couch 
 i need to smoke
 brb bout to smoke a dutch treat  moonrock blunt with wax on top then go for a hike. double high ya dig
 when people dont understand the difference between dabs and weed just tell them. tiny dab8 blunts
 @berezellie amp i need to know is smoking weed more crunchy or granola
 where my niggas at im tryna smoke suffa
 the least of its problems is his stupidity  or his abusive arrogance  or the judiciary smoke and mirrors always proves too little.
 brisket success.  decent smoke ring  pull about tender.  @biggreencraig @bgbrotherhood @drbbq @bigcheftimmy 
 @the25thhour312 nigga go outside and smoke a square in the middle of my haircut lol
 im at smoke bbq in delray beach  fl  
 glad those weed gummies were child proof.. and also mischievous grandfather proof.......... he goes i know the leaf  kate
 if you cant smoke and get your shit done you probably shouldnt be smoking
  @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 i smell marijuana its skunk
 decide to hop on the wagon and try this place out holy smokes 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 308 stinson street baltimore  tra 
 i havent smoked all week so im excited to pack a bowl tonight.
 ill sit here sober while these niggas smoke ion do that shit
 chain smoker by chance
 i really just smoked 2 ls 2 myself and let my bf hit 1 once lol i hate myself
 i just smoked amp i think it made me more sober... help
 free ebook today  a hi larious marijuana mystery set in mendocino  ca. 
 a neurobiologist says medical marijuana could solve the us opioid abuse crisis  via @qz legalizeweed
 whitesboro  from marcy but claims shes from utica  wears pink camo  smokes in locker room  has sex in the pit 
 edibles are honestly the gentrification of weed
 mouth full of smoke lmao 
 angel just woke up. tells me hes gonna smoke then take a nap... how
 excited to smoke amp watch the grammys tonight 
 i dont even smoke @ michigan state university 
 ion get drunk and ion go out anymore. i just smoke dope and stay in my lane.
 if she aint got ass ion wanna smash  weed so good ion wanna pass
 meditation  conversation amp a lil marijuana
 smoking weed helps your anxiety sorry thats illegal. try these expensive and potentially dangerous pills that well increase over time.
 yesterday was a oh god why did i drink so much and smoke so much kinda night...
 theres no survivors just the blood scattered all over the place  we built our smoked out locd out in the fuckin chevrolet
 i dont smoke in my car foh i hate a brand new actin bitch
 best sunday weve had in months  and i didnt pull out the smoker. smh
 @emstrongg @us when we tried to make weed cookies  
 who tryna smoke summ
 having one kid is exhausting. how do people do more than one holy smokes.
 carrie underwood is an absolute smoke 
 come to weed city
 im starting to suspect all the misspellings and typos today are a smokescreen for pedants like me. what are we missing  hidden behind
 id give my left tit for a pina colada and a smoke but you dont see that on the menu right oitnb
 its smells like hella weed in san francisco
 ppl these day be like omg must escape reality through drugs like bruh  you smoked weed. chill. wannabeaddict itsnotcool
 wheres the girl i can smoke with and spoil and just be happy with  
 if my blunt is rolled then im ready to smoke id never leave that bitch
 i am steven biko  with a oz of weed though  in a black regal  high as seagull a lot of people 
 i need a safe haven to smoke rn 
 blackhistorymonth armys first african american paratroopers amp some of the nations earliest smoke jumpers  walter 
 @rashaadramie lmao and you know this man said like smokey
 literally smoke where i want too
 im like a tumbleweed weed in a wild west texas wind  youre blowing me away again. 
 @mrsbakervengenz it would be nice if law enforcement didnt invade peoples private hotel rooms in the midwest over the smell of weed
 @dommalizia smokes mids.
 we smoked like 7 blunts yesterday i could bitter
 just bought hella weed off the plug so im good fasho
 @lebatardshow and there will always be states  like my own indiana  whichll still view it as it was depicted in reefer madness.
 @taber no  taber. you still cant smoke in my car.
 the owner of cherry apothecary says some of her hempderived cbd oils will make you feel alert  others sleepy. 
 anyone wanna smoke this blunt w me
 smh weed found me a love like this one and i regret it immensely  jk 
 alright. i really have to start cleaning my system today. no more weed for a while. 
 lmfao i really smoked out a strawberry
 genuineloveis never having to bring your own weed.
 i miss this place... soon it will be weed picking time out there too... myweddinglocation lovelakeallure 
 when someone who smokes cigarettes tries telling you about the chemicals in spray tans bye
 watch weeds everybody
 someone come watch s amp smoke 
 how do you ask someone for weed but also imply you arent trying to pay for it
 thinking bout my future as i ash the weed
 now that i live with roommates that smoke hookah. i cant pull myself away from it at night. lmfao
 since i dont have a valentine for tomorrow all i wanna do is smoke  eat and chill .
 nick looks like he just smoked 18 joints thebachelor
 id spend it on weed again 
 bryce hempel with big time block. crowd erupts
 out of the ruins and rubble  out of the smoke  out of our night of struggle can we see a ray of hope
 these hoes so lonely the trynna smoke tomorrow ian on that shit im sleeping my life away 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 mobile weed man wya
 bouta smoke a blunt  then go to sleep 
 dollars folded    around cigar smoke   she counts the nights tips    senryu
 this weed got me feel...... 
 i swear to jesus that without weed i would sleep 0 hours per night
 @prepsportsplus @chrisdacaveman was a couple of years old when my stepfather made me smoke some of a cigar. it worked. went to cigs instead.
 @deemoeterentino mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @drankkoolass mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @xjeshana mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
  smoke smoking if your job drug tests
 chill bro weed heads got more to offer lol 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   rockford  il
 happy valentines day to my absolute smoke show of a man i am beyond lucky love u long time babe  
 new music comming soon if you tryna join the wave tap in with king smoke
 it smells like weed and vinegar in here..
 @samrmoore @realdonaldtrump and by your response maybe smoke a few more joints  and back in for a nap
 real love is the ability to eat pulled pork every day for lunch because she bought you a smoker. love you  @bethannfinnegan valentinesday
 filling out this marijuana application to hopefully get my badge but man do i really hate filling out paperwork of any kind.  
 i dont have a valentine to smoke out  so ill just smoke myself out lol
 does @shepnewsteam smoke his wheezing into the mic is quite distracting. @foxnews
 accident blocks 2 right lanes. on 610 w lp nb at hempstead traffic 
 i cant wait to get home and drink a beer and smoke a bowl
 should be doing my hw but instead im getting weed w wil and chris haha
 imagine smokin weed in the street without cops harassing  imagine going to court w no trial
 bout to smoke this fat ass blunt for valentines day 
 sees couple driving awe goals. couples who smoke together die together. @amckee7
  what i smoke niggah.
 more like my own little smoke house  
 and i got weed yo valentinesday2017 
 whos trying to smoke and get something to eat
 did anyone see the huge cloud of black smoke on the strip today around 450p looked like it was around the luxorexcaliburnyny vegas
 if your apt dont got black smoke  you not cookin hard enough something ive always said ever since i started cooking for myself a month ago
 the weed is worth it. 
 lotta weed
 really wanted to paint today but im dumb tired so ill probably just smoke a blunt and pass out on my couch 
 about to the smoke fattest bluntski  happy valentines day to me
 i just wanna get some weed n ride around n talk about shit .
 oh good god  california florists selling cannabis floral arrangements for valentines day the saint of love wld be so proud. turnsit2crap
 when your friends love you and bring you to smoke some blunts and drink  best valentines day after all. 
 i wanna smoke
 ion want to sell weed or flip amp finesse. i want to work hard  create business opportunities  go to college and be the man my mother raised 
 dont think if we smoke together u can take advantage bc i be super alert when im zooted .. nolacking2017
 id smoke over drinking any day.
 roll that weed bring the fire out taste that lean when you kiss my mouth bed so wet when i eat you out
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 i thought i was getting a call regardings valentines day and i was super excited but turns out they just needed weed 
 she wan smoke my dope let her smoke my dope
 never smoke on weed on vday you will say some drake type shit
 senate chair adams seeks to reduce tobacco use  improve health and save taxpayers . only 10 of smokers stop witho 
 @realdonaldtrump @nytimes @washingtonpost how does the old saying go where theres smoke...youre fired
 just posted a photo @ up in smoke hookah lounge 
 cant wait to see cannabis h8ers smoking in 25 years when its legal for recreational use  
 yeah it takes a lot more weed to get u high out there buh for 200pesos you can get a zip n smoke like wiz khalifa l 
 anyone wanna smoke 
 february 21  22 bryantx crews test sanitary sewer system with smoke forced into manholes to identify line defects 
 i cant even eat  i need to smoke before my breakfast
 gas what i smoke 
 forgot how triumphant you feel when eating smokehouse marketannie gunns meatloaf 
 sext wanna smoke weed until we pass out
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 618 dumbarton avenue baltimore  violation not 
 so im working and yiken came on.....you best know i shook my ass while i sprayed those weeds
 like if juke jam and blessings and same drugs and smoke break arent some of the best songs youve ever heard  what are you listening to
 i think i need to smoke. the last time i smoked was yesterday.
 wanna smoke a blunt with ya girlfriend
 he smoked they asses  
 a motorcycle cop told me my car smells like burnt marijuana. i told him  well its not going to smell like unburnt marijuana.
 i started vaping my weed and i dont think ill ever go back to smoking it
 @ceeklebrand check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 nobody smokes reggie anymore.  lol
 love weed  hate people  
 if supreme made meth jesse would most likely smoke it
 need to buy weed 
 smoke weed  eat the pussy like groceries
 @rickjenningsd7 what can i do about neighbors pot smoke coming in my home and being breathed by my family
 only vermont would tax coffee but not weed
 remember reagan did this and 2 million pot smokers lost there jobs with urine test which is an invasion of privacy 
 morning smoke with my grandma 
 bc then she was like i dont smoke cigs around my kids
 bout to make a bong out your skull and smoke weed and coke up out the shit dont mess with the bull
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 39 i90  state fair i690 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 freshly smoked pork shoulder  pulled for your enjoyment . . . kwawesome bbq pulledpork 
 my bro a fool for ganja days amp ville5ide anthem @ville5ide
 @grindhardrashad i dont smoke  pop pills none of that
 my bookbag smells like straight weed 
 harris county is trying to change their marijuana law lmao its lit
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1130 w lafayette ave sandtownwinchester 
 i feel tried i need to smoke
 xxxtentacion songs make you want to smoke weed and drink the bong water
 yall roll too much paper im starting to think yall addicted to the wraps more than the weed 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 500 words on the time i saw my first weed  an odyssey article by me 
 construction on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w4e  southern state parkway to exit w3w  hempstead turnpike 
 aint put enough weed in it all you do is smoke tobacco
 wow guess the rumors were true. sometimes when there is smoke  there is fire. good timing @newyscruggs. you amp 
 if @allihoff starts the conversation with if god created weed..... run
 @mvrsworld girrrrrl lmao get the smoke
 my sex better than weed mixed with molly babbbyyyyyyyyyy 
 all americans who are obese and smoke...should be made pay more...way more.. 
 new on  @wavynews midday smoke fills a school bus  white house denies any consideration of using natl guard to round up illegal immigrants
 i love when the obviously shady people do me a solid and weed themselves out of my circle. only  folks please. 
 should not be bringing all this money in this smoke shop but
 i want unlimited weed
 i need a studio i can smoke in to just let my creativity fly
 on a kush clock...its always time to smoke.
 @juliaioffe i think marijuana legalizationdecriminalization will be a big test case here.
 the best type of weed is a lot
 the haz lads still teaching in halifax. a little ronin orange in the smoke machine. 
 i wish i could put into words how much i love weed
 two weeks without weed
  get lost in weed smoke 
 i smell like weed and tommy girl.
 this nigga always texting me saying he got weed then when i ask for it he aint got it 
 i just wanna smoke this bud with you lol
 im rockin pjs and no shirt  i smoke weed eat yogurt
 need to smoke
 nobody want dream agdam without weed   people want it legal bbc cnn agdamlegalizeweedsendeet
 yo  they already talking bout gmo weed. making organic more expensive. big pharma on it. ah  when i say what a time.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 nothing like a casual smoke alarm going off in your hotel at 330 am.
 the worse part is i aint even got no weed 
  not conducive to sleep but god damn its bumpinin the six double zero smokin weed eatin chili cheese fritos
 done smoking .. day 2   fasho fasho done like doneeeeee . i knew i was serious when i turned down weed three times tho  3 different ppl
 @liljaycrazy @nyknicks @carmeloanthony no dick weed only starters dont have a choice your voted in only an injury can keep u out.
 woke up nd decided i wasnt going to smoke anymore so of course everybody nd they moms wanna match up right this second
 chain smokers might be one of the best out rn
 all white girls do is smoke cigs and post snapchats w the dog filter dont @ me 
 jacob cut and weedeated my grass today and i just love the smell and it looks so pretty now 
 tryna smoke a blunt outside   it feel too good
 yall i havent smoked since 2015 
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..hemp plant exposure..use..reported..increased f 
 @jimcummingsacme we want you at  the worlds first marijuana comic book amp fantasy convention
 yeah  i had a drink  yeah  i smoked. yeah  you think i need you but i dont
 i just tried a briscuit for the first time ever and it was so good and smokey ahhhh
 quit smoking weed and see how many people hit you up to hang and chill lmaaao
 ion smoke crack mf i sell itttt
 @sgclark1889 we dont set retail prices  but it should end up being similar to the price of other smokestack series limitedseasonal beers.
 i dont share my weed  ideas  or woman
 i need some weed
 i only smoke deep dish
 i just want some ganja
 really want to watch planetearth2 but my weed guy doesnt get off until 11. hashtag sadface
 when your lifes a jokey  just get smokey 
 major success tonight on the smoker made a killer santa maria style tri tip with a hickory smoke. best ive ever done. amazing
 psa theres more to life than smoking weed.
 really couldnt find no smoke ..
 somebody to smoke with would be nice 
 i was outside smokeing minding my own bussniss and a skunk tried to eat me
 @rubinreport lol good one dave. nobody cares about weed and abortion.
 i just smoked nearly 2 packs of blacks back to back...... when am i guna die.....
 im having withdrawals from all the beer cigarettes amp weed i was hooked on this is killing me literally
 i been up for a hour im like should i smoke a blunt since im up already 
 you smoke i smoke  i drink  me too  and we gon get it on tonight a new york love story
 kid cannabis
 @pinklady56 time to weed the weeds.
 mom have u amp megs been naughty i seen pics at parties w swishers  probably w weed in them me nope  no weed mo 
 @reikkk she aint smoke enough cause theres no such thing 
 you dont need to smoke 
 but if i was a nigga itd be okay though right fuck being attractive  thats what my face is for. weed cannot be f 
 because if i smoke another blunt  
 worked the 95 with ya had a smoke a pound with ya
 i have til 5 to get my house ready .. or ima smoke a blunt amp have my friends figure it out
 part 2 of is all boys do is smoke pot and say wyd asking for a friend
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 i had to smoke @wdevinney6 yesterday on 288 
 @enriquemenaa9 smoke me out and eat me out pls
 us border patrol finds marijuana launcher on border fence 
 rooftops summer17 @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 today my chill day i dont feel like being bothered i just wanna eat crawfish  smoke and netflix lemmelone
 im cannabisy
 wassam brudda i heard them boys dont wan no smoke 
 i forgot people who smoke smoke to be attractive  the fuck 
 pet peeve cat hair in the weed when youre trying to load a bowl
 my neighbor smokes so much weed that im pretty sure i just got a contact high walking past his door not really lol  but its that bad
 happy 420 hahaha. its 1020 here but its weed time somewhere. and here
 if you smoke blacs unfollow me
 dawg the part where blu die and smokey robinson get to singing..i be done
 bout to shower and smoke this b
 cant believe i used to smoke swishers
 lmao apparently they legalized weed in south africa...is it true cause ill legit pack my bags and come back home
 im giving up weed and lent for alcohol samsa
 yall i just randomly woke up rn so imma smoke a blunt bc why not
 i smoke a hundred blunts as soon as i wake up
 bout to roll up my life and smoke it away
 literally sound like i have a smokers cough right now amp i feel like im dying
 see our latest lakemilton  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 i smoke papers an fonta or backwoods thats all
 boys who smoke r cool amp all until u kiss them and they taste like ur chewing on a burnt log
 just ready to smoke 
 buy it  break it  roll it  light it  smoke it  inhale it   write it  record it  mix it  master it  press it up  unveil it
 @joerogan joe would you consider making an appearance at our medical cannabis business expo in phoenix 
 do i smell like weed or is it the customer a memoir of every cashier
 dear neighbors if youre gonna smoke in your apartment please open some windows so that the whole floor doesnt smell like weed. k thanks.
 @barstoolsports stay off the weed
 now mn needs to legalize weed. well have a 2 billion dollar surplus  i welcome the sunday liquor  sales tax revenues. bye religious bs 
 im tryna gram  but no one tryna smoke whats going on 
 the perfect date puff n paint @ layla lounge  3 for 20 drink specials  smoke friendly environment  music by 
 sos not a joke i will pay someone and or smoke them up to get me ice cream rn
 i dont see how yall can smoke with a lot of people ... like you dont even know where mfs mouths been 
 @samoanthor44 @jennawede i hit my bong twice lol yeah definitely i dont smoke and drink together for a reason haha
 dropped 30pts tonight with only missing 1 shot. put that in ya pipe and smoke it. ballislife
 @degandhi shes probably the product of a smoker baby lol
 i can never make cute videos when im high smoking weed  but i b looking cute when im sober smoking that lil hookah pen 
 high key hate brownie edibles id rather just smoke 
 as i smoke 
 @born2chop but once i get rolling again  that becomes my bad habit and i can then just drop the beer and smokes.
 who wants to smoke a blunt
 im convinced ilike weed  more than humans       shrugs
 day 1 no marijuana....lets see how this goes.
 smokes smokes poutinerie is leaving pawn plaza and planning 3 new las vegas locations 
 i cant stand when people smoke weed in the dorms because it stinks. i dont want to smell it.
 im not getting up no more fire alarms... i better smell smoke before i get up 
 interesting compair and contrast of prohibition of alcohol vs. marijuana legality 
 @weedwrangler 1st annual weed warrior training in phoenix az  gabeludwig@baregroundit training us how to kill we 
 @misskrist619 i ordered the firebird amp the chicken was burnt amp overwhelmingly smokey. my friend ordered the poutine amp the fries were cold 
 aint nobody holding weed smoke in for 60 seconds stfu
 dont smoke  never done drugs and dont really drink...yet im still losing years off my life. manchester city needs a health warning.
 im bout to smoke againnnnnn
 i remember when i was 15 i used to sell weed to this 30 year old who told me his name was elvis. 7 years later the niggas name is donald
 wanna know why im so irritated bc i havent smoked yet
 @swxfemi you in smoke the 40 
 just saw the news  medical marijuana in the house in pennsylvania too
 this bears shouting from the rafters.   check your damn smoke alarm. do it right now  theres no excuse for thi 
 does anybody want to smoke im very bored and need a friend
 bouta smoke some og kush called peaches n cream
 @kamalaharris funny how fillmore is trying to run a cash grab on marijuana legalization. sounds fishy big time.
 ellis just said when it comes to weed  im an alcoholic
 when some random douche tries to bum a cigarette off of me  i dont even smoke 
 this kid would have smoked everyone in the dunk contest 
 in the last 12 hrs i have jacked off 6 times alone. inwas high on weed last night. best jack off
 @ronthegenius @joecroninjcs wwe is smoking some weed.
 what girls preferably 18 and up not fake  goal orientated  like to smoke and do other cool shit wanna be in a group message
 i dont care what you think about me because the truth of the matter is i smoke better than you niggas anyway facts
 ive come to realize some of my friends arent actually friends and i could describe them as weedships instead of friendships
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 i smoked my last j im so blown rn 
 i smoke like theres no tomorrow but trying to prove that cigarettes arent bad for you is completely stupid 
 in eighth grade  i dodged getting caught smoking weed at school ... but then my mom caught me a week later amp i coul 
 fat girls that smoke gtgtgtgtgtgtgt
 it would be an honor to smoke with snoop 
 my mama be wanting me to pay her back in weed now  thats my bitch.
 i hate people who think theyre better than others because they dont smoke anymore like whatever
 only thing i need is someone that smokes as much as i do
 what a great way to weed out the crazy bitches at the bar with minimal interaction  single men all over the countr 
 we ran out of dog food and weed. gotta get that today lol
 gunna smoke weed and lather myself in shea butter lotion  thanks
 teen movie voice  got a smoke  grandpa
 u smoke  
 yea i need to smoke mf blowing me already
 this black smoke is from the truck fire on i40 in franklin county.  
 dude taking a smoke break on the sw bike path youre. doing. it. wrong. 
 who can i pull up on and smoke with on the eastside 
 i am so addicted like hennessy  addicted like weed. 
 i aint got no smoke and im aggravated
 oh and almost got sack for chewing on a pencil  pretending to smoke a cigarette ... @mrschase  
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 support recreational use of marijuana and ban stank ass cigarettes all2017
 would love to smoke a dutch n watch workaholics rn
 overwhelming response to cannabis oil editorial 
 yeah i love to smoke 
 bro i need to smoke smh
 im bout to smoke a beezy and get some of the preezy 
 idk if someone is considered a bad friend or a good friend if theyre tryna smoke you out instead of letting you study 
 like im legit upset i didnt have cannabis in college. 
 someone just left my house and left me a blunt and all her weed. should i marry her
 just want to hold bae  smoke and vibe to music 
  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 undisputed hey @shannonsharpe....all @realskipbayless does is smoke weed and drink spiked mountain dew cuz he be on that bullshit. fs1
 this muh fucka really smoked my blunt
 i call bullshit portmans office weeds out democrats from attending his political speech 
 moderate smoke condition checking for fire 
 4. can we smoke on them bitches 
 yeah  the weed made him violent...lmao.  not the pcp he doing. nope  the marijuana. 
 lmao my moms didnt know i smoked until i went to college and had a run in with the laws 
 i wanna go home so i can smoke lmao 
 making these weed brownies
 my mama called me and my brother weed heads . she was laughing too 
 i honestly could cry because of how reliant my body has become on marijuana.
 @girlsgun to bad the gop just shit on states rights with a crackdown on marijuana. this opens up using the same to take guns
 chain smokers really dropping another college dage anthem
 me  micah can you roll your rs  micah  i can roll weed
 transgender kid walks into bathroom of choice and smokes a joint. statesrights notstatesrights
 i need my voice back. i sould like i smoke a pack a day
 cant believe i wasted my time replying to washington republicans convinced trump wasnt coming after legal marijuana. cuz states rights
 nobody is more aggro than weed lovers
 so in my womens studies class my professor started class by saying how last weekend she smoked a fat blunt and watched lego batman in 3d 
 questionnaire given to folks at the medical marijuana forum. what do you think would you support growers and dispe 
 if u roll from left to right ion wanna smoke with u
 hb607 new in miscellaneous provisions  providing for protection of children from secondhand smoke. 
 @tbcjay yes. i guess i was just trying to say im all in for drug enforcement and personally wouldnt change marijuana laws
 do ppl who smoke cigarettes not realize their car smells like it  their house  hair clothes everything no matter what u spray bitch u stank
 this year  the illicit marijuana market is estimated at nearly 300 million in oregon.  
 i need weed asap where the plugs in oceanside oceanside
 gonna smoke hookah amp i just might cry  its been so long 
 @presssec you statement about medical marijuana  pot is proven to be a major help in the opiode epidemic it saved my life from  oxycontin
 99 problems and they would all go away if weed was legal
 sophomore year i got 4 tickets  kicked out of school for a marijuana pipe 
 id i dont cough the first time i hit the blunt the weed is trash
 time to smoke good after this long day of work
 spicer expect to see greater enforcement of federal marijuana law 
 someone come smoke me out
 who tryna smoke a fatty 
 cops really came on the bus to take a nigga off who had weed i am dead
 i have weed 
 @restingplatypus needs all the awards for this finale of htgawm holy smokes man  phenomenal work @howtogetawayabc
 hb1204 engross authorize the production and sale of industrial hemp. 
 girl when i smoke this blunt .. imma forget all about you
 um i wanna be off now amp smoke 7393833038 blunts ok thx
 i cant wait to get off work and smoke
 today marks last day i ever step foot in walmart on berry and hemphill thanks to kayla...the disrespect is a shame. management @walmart
 you can smell a cigarette smoker a mile away. i gag
 to smoke now  or later
 @georgetakei i have a hard time believing trumpers are big pot smokers. i mean  they wouldnt be such angry assholes then  right
 theres abt 67 events going on tonight  dont stay home insert smokeys its friday monologue 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 342 elrino st 
 pretty girls who smoke make me cringe
 @potus  administration puts recreational marijuana in crosshairs  via @aliciawallace
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1347 poplar grove street baltimore  send mess 
 got addicted to selling drugs marijuana amp coke momma washed her hands amp let me go. @boosieofficial
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 901909 eastern ave  send message. 
 republicans states should make decisions on education and health care  medical marijuana bad for big pharma  big government no prob
 @jbarro @joshdavisthinks @senwarren @berniesanders  reason they are going after weed is because they want to keep prisons for profit filled
 the baseball team will have its smoker sat  feb 25 at the moose lodge from 611 pm. come out and support the team and have a great time
 the majority of americans want legal access to cannabis. jobs and taxes benefit all. please support our movement @potus @norml
 @daytonanurse im 65 yrs old im going to smoke pot if i want to .thx for liking my tweets. will follow u now have a great day
 in some states you can get rich from weed  others you can go to jail for 45 years. some states pay 15 an some pay 7.  but we united  aw okay
 my goal for this year is to have my mom smoke weed.
 @potus @realdonaldtrump dont touch legal marijuana. i dont smoke it but it creates great revenues for the states. focus on national issues
 police dont want medical marijuana legalized in south carolina  via @wltx tunde
 imo otc weed flow will go into bitcoins now.... now that weed got spiced by wh...israel and canadian mjs may be different.. adapt
 we smoke str8 dope aint no seeds in it.
 @jdf0325 it means @vp is blowing smoke up everyones collective butt and has no sense of shame.
 who want take me to eat i dont have nothing but weed drink 
 cant mess with you if you smoke  breath gone be smelling like everything but toothpaste
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 my stepdad came up to my car and started talking to me. i felt so awkward because every bit of my weed stuff is out right now.
 i just need to smoke tbh
 just dropped some  on ig @ozenadixon makeup deets posted on there of my pink glitter smokey eye  
 i needa smoke  too much on my mind at the moment.
 hate when the smoke get it my eye
 this weed nigga is getting cut off completely. nigga owe me 5 for 3 days amp want me to come to him instead of him coming to me 
 if i could stand at a max station without breathing in a bunch of second hand smoke every time my asthma and myself would both be happier
 someones smoking the ganja in calvert county or cooking meth  livepd
 the other day my weed doctor told me i drink too much
 if i drive with my windows down on the highway will my car still smell like weed
 did you know that the average age for a new smoker is 13 educating students at a young age of 
 i needa try some kick boxing classes or some shit just to release some fucking stress cause weed isnt cutting it for me
 you never notice the weed smell in your house until a family member stops by hooboy
 i only smoke cigarettes on fridays.
 @rogerjstonejr oh so weed put you over the edge  eh
 i would really like to smoke some weed 
 i just want somebody to smoke this weed witt @ boardwalk at morris bridge 
 theres weed in canada 
 @rawstory  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in usa parks 
 late night smoke out. cigarsocietyofsouthflorida botl sotl @ ashes cigar amp lounge 
 im the xan man   weed man   lsd man   addy man. ...
 i smoke weed cuz life sux
 i will drink smoke weed do lsd shrooms but you will never see me with a cigarette haha.
 lets smoke a  @aidaan
 just wanna smoke a bowl with you and talk about random shit like we used to.
 who wants to smoke with me when i get off work lol
 i know how to hold a grudge  i can send a bridge up in smoke
 i need a weed plug in oak cliff
 legalizing weed would go a long way toward easing opioid addiction  unlike sessions  and his use of private prisons  to help pharma
 exactly  dont be distracted   stay focused   and know this is all smoke to hide the truth. 
 i say if trump tries to take our weed away  go to washington and start throwing seeds everywhere lmao
 came home last night and my mom was like btw your car smells like weed amp instead of being mad she just says dont let your dad smell it
 i be smokin rapper weed wit my gang.
 when someone asks if i wanna smoke 
 real homies smoke you out when you sleep 
 or the freedom to smoke a dried up plant.. legalizeit 
 today is my roommate dylans birthday. smoke em if you got em.
 if u smoke woods n dont rinse em... u a nasty mf splishsplash
 @shelovestrruuuu on god and i was just 16 i had stole my key and smoked at a dead end and 12 caught us dey tried to flag me down i kept goin
 @nikroybal i was hoping this would be the year we used papal smoke rituals by burning jill stein tweets.
 this is cuddle amp smoke a couple blunts weather
 my life sucks so i smoke and drink to forget about it
 boy you smell like hella weed  try tellin me somein i dont know @currensyspitta 
 still gon smoke tho 
 oh yeah i still cant find my weed
 i smoke great weed tbh
 mydrinkon.com @ joes on weed st. 
 why the radio change that smoke weed everyday to eat once everyday im dead
 damn girl you are a smokeshow  
 im sitting at a park eating ice cream w my best friend amp a home girl came and sold us weed amp edibles w a playground right next to us
 i think i get @chilis  smoked chicken quesdillia 2 times a week. its my favorite.
 why have i been thinking about weed so much lately . 
 wait bill walton pulled out weed and took his shirt off during a broadcast 
 lol miller smoked his timeouts with 6 minutes left
 not to mention fresh pulled smoked bbq pork with canadian maple bacon on fresh buns mmm 
 i keep it  because i cant remember my lies i smoke too much .
 if u love rosin  u need to try @rezheads215 bananaog gelato animal41 flowerrosin grow by @connected cannabis 
 my mans chris shouldve never taken that smoke break getout
 travelalert  @slaidc sorrow amp smoke double disk set amp one other slaid cd of your choosing will get you from chicago to green bay
 secondhand smoke kills. fyi. shade to my friends. direct shade.
 dont give me no bammer weed
 if chiefing fogsstunts your mind  rather than opening it.... i probably dont want to smoke with you
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said  girl  thats all that we do
 ima make em smoke a bowl lmao
 weed. weed. gas 
 too smokey for the style imo. 2nd from left.  drinking a hey smokey @ black flag brewing company   photo
 anyone wanna smoke
 i need to step my game up my nigga baby chris at a cabin in the smokey mountains with his girl on some playa shit @crit615
 please keep campaign pledge.  respect state marijuana legalization laws.  please retweet signshare marijuanavoters
 lol at jeff and smoke daytona500
 need a cute girl to smoke and play resident evil 7 with.
 one solution i have found to leaning too hard on cocoapods is having a mac so ancient smoke comes out all the ports when you run pod install
 wanna smoke amp go to the movies tonite.
 see our latest hillsboro  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 we have brought it back. the carne cabeza.  12 hour smoked pulled pork with provolone cheese and 
 if your a girl and you need a job ..would you like to volunteer at a weed shop dm me
 incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue 
 @tonystewart is finally a daytona 500 champion  awesome. not as a driver but still damn sweet for smoke nascar
 @racindirt who is the smoker to the right of the camera  thought you may have had a .
 finna smoke a fat blunt by myself
 well some days you kill it and some days you just choke some days you blast off and some days you just smoke sturgillsimpson 
 the smoke bomb  step 1 smoke some hot water. leave in smoker for at least an hour step 2 add 
 i been doing after i smoke  goodnight. 
 now lets take hemp trees off the list and start planting trillions of them instead of pines you cant eat pines bu 
 i.. need.. weed.. keywords need weed. 
 @realdonaldtrump @potus instead of cracking down on federal marijuana bans  could you override californias moronic gun laws instead pls
 she feel like the ocean  like to drink and smoke some doja  @ jericho beach 
 imagine falling in love with someone and then finding out they smoke cigarettes
 my girls smoke too much amp a bitch got baby ass lungs  i dead ass felt like i snorted a line everyday over break
 @verymuchabear top 5 bears id bear to bare  1 we bare bear bears 2 baloo jungle book 3 smokey 4 a literal bear 5 roger bear city
 just ate 2 of them weed brownies bruh... this shit dont work.
 i dont even get high off of blunts im in the big leagues now weed that shit snoop be puffing on
 do i want to smoke this blunt tonight
 good personalities is most of the time premeditated   you could have good conversations with the homeless. smoke 
 my nigga what are you doing hit the showers and get clean  weed is not life  still much love though for old memories 
 ion smoke none but thraxx
 once youre up... take the cliproach you left from the night before and smoke that too... once that kicks in youll be able to function
 @lokolos lol dis why i dont smoke weed no mo cause i be tweakin .. but good lookin cuz ..1k lol
 a watched pothead never smokes.
 even this douche agrees   smoke and mirrors get russia back in feed    
 david letterman looks like a hipster living in portland who smokes weed everyday. 
 i havent smoked a cig in about a week amp smoked 1 every 2 weeks last month  which is good bc i was on a pack a day when living in chars.
 @gascholisa @mooredog82 @nellybelle3379 @kerstinlis @anncleckler gotta have that smoke lmao
 dont wont to smoke  by myself
 go smoke your life away
 quartz and smokey quartz earrings being prepped to head to @lemonwellness quillandquartz 
 just got dr. strange on dvd wish i had some weed to smoke and trip out on this movie
 first arriving engine reports light smoke in the building. lnk
 holy smokes. look at all the lightning in this huge storm system. mnwx iawx kswx mowx 
 this lady at the smoke shop said i looked like a minor. wtf i dont even wanna know whats gonna happen when i try to buy alcohol this year
 i never realized how underutilised this infinite database of information was until i saw folks confuse common barnacles with mutant weed
 its gonna smoke me first 
 hope i drink and smoke a newport with aaron before he moves 
 this mfa smoke to much 
 theres something about marijuana @midnight californiamovies
 bro the best part of that 70s show is when they smoke in the basement
 just need somebody who i could smoke a blunt and chill with.
 sell weed and rap instead of getting an education amp legal job silly
 lets just say i havent smoked in 1 full week
 idk if she smoke but i wanna smoke amp have a makeup play date with @sleeepyzee
 update theres still a lot of thick smoke rising in harper county. there appears to be many hot spots. kforalert 
 no smokes.. im gonna be a miserable fuck today.
 what in the world is going in west texas with all the smoke
 this smokemy allergiesdeath of me
 should i amp @therealcashis do a weed song together 
 gonna smoke a fat one and isolate myself from the retards of this world
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4001 maine ave  
 @vjjofreason @washingtonpost @colmorrisdavis @bbguari yes. either smoking marijuana or some other type of downer. makes only sense to me.
 i wouldnt due to the smoke  just in general  weed isnt the same weed like before  a lot more chemicals in it than 
 finally smoked last night and i was tripping 
 state treasurer seeks clarity from trump administration on marijuana 
 tell me why this bathroom smells like somebody just straight up smoked weed in it
 @jongyeonji smoked meat  aldubxdtbysinagnibenjie
 anyone else listening to @accintouchs web briefing cool new research on zika  erectile dysfunction amp marijuana  and how it affects the .
 whats better than smoked salmon for brunch nothing brunch food foodie foodpic 
 what happens when tracey g is staying clean she shares weed memes 288 get used to it  or block that bitch. 
 @marciaeddy1 @akakatie1 @mags0908 its a good one i think  just not sure if we have  dont drive  dont smoke  lol
 asked me can we turn it down i said aint no music on. she said naw that weed is loud cudiforthewin
 y is purslane a trendy ingredient its a weed
  thats why i dont drink  i just smoke my weed amp chill  
 when u smoke and listen back to the track you just made 
 i just smoke my weed ampamp mind my business 
 youre a garden rose  and that bitch is a weed
 i dont smoke bro but i wanna smoke with a family member so bad y these niggas so opposed and i love this lol nigg 
 holy smokes
 lil pump amp smokepurpp 
 youre so fuckin nasty if you smoke cigs
 @50thpresident do u smoke dude  
 my sauce was real mayo  sour cream  half amp half  dijon mustard  lemon juice  brown sugar  dill weed  parsley  salt amp pepper.....delicious 
 michael luckily colorado has legalized weed because i think medical marijuana is now a necessity trumpcare 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 when we plant weeds in a beautiful garden  it is often tears of regret that water them
 ima sip until i spill it ima smoke it till its gone
 connor really comes in my room and says you can smoke with me if you give me a dollar wtf 
 finna smoke this blunt and ktfo
 dopest dope ive ever smoked 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and tell you what i been threw shawty
 part 2 smoke break  chance the rapper 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 i love weed
 @justinbieber im outside your crib bro come smoke this blunt with me
 first time ever eating a weed edible 
 cant trust no nigga who smoke game green
 if your life consist of not doing anything but partying and smoking weed. we cant fw each other. im trying to make it somewhere
 ive been carrying around this lighter and i dont even smoke
 the more you know wednesdaywisdom  rectal marijuana is more effective than smoking joints.   via @huffpostcaliv
 im not smart enough to wrap my mind around why people smoke.  it will never make sense to me.
 when you go outside to smoke amp almost get blown away
 pass me tha green i need sum weed with my hennessy
 light a cigarette so he dont smell the weed
 the cannabis industry cashbased and bulk cannabis products make an ideal target for thieves. protect your goods 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 same thing i was just saying  like i literally use to smoke a 8th a day  
 someone called kennys smokehousewhere i work and asked if we sold high magazine.. get it  smoke house 
 but ill finish this blunt of freshly prepared marijuanawhich is the loudest of louds might i say expertly rolled with hands that produce.
 migos ft. marci amp mula  smoke amp ride prod. @vybe mixed @czogotbeats  
 thats not marijuana anu  @leodicaprio  yes you look regular.... you feel regular yet mentalcase thank you  i kn 
 nobody want smoke in the imessage basketball 
 its crazy when the government let you smoke cigarettes that cause cancer but wont let us smoke marijuana when it cures cancer.. 
 im tryna smoke
 i just want to go home and smoke some bowls. then take a fat dab week is going by fast 
 your mcm uses a grinder to break down his weed when rolling a wood
 the last time i seen denny we smoked and were drinking hard orange soda by my pool before 10am longlivedenny 
 to smoke or not to smoke
 @katupnorth i did it a few times back in the day. 1st time was 2nd hand smoke at a jackson browne concert. munchies not a myth.
 @sammyaffermusic amp thats why the real  connects with the strongest energy of music. when you wanna smoke out of a crack pipe all night you
 i worked a 14 hour day today n ever since i woke up ive been thinking about how bad i wanna smoke this blunt and i finally am  im so happy
 i woke kj up at 420 to smoke n by 422 he was passed out again lmao disco napping like a boss ppl
 this is the biggest tease of my life  they would want to smoke heavy with me in the car rn that i cant smoke  edgarfuckedup
 are you even a true stoner if you dont smoke your res from your bong when youre outta weed
 florida lawmakers file bill to decriminalize small amounts of marijuana statewide 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 925 north bruce street baltimore  
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 2007 honda pilot like new never been smoke in  
 i cry real deal tears when i cant find my weed
 incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions from west hempstead station to new york penn station 
 pork shoulder is cooked in oj  lime  apple amp white vinegar  coriander  allspice  bampw pepper  smoked salt  cumin  oregano and annatto paste
