 @robinthede i got 10 that says theres a pack of smokes on that table.
  not the day of da weeding bruh . 
 lets smoke and watch disney movies
 got ole @tylerblack2222 and his dog smoke with a tn coon with 
 im such a lucky girl holy smokes
 havent smoked a whole cigarette in 28 years.
 when you realize you havent smoked weed in over a month after smoking almost everyday 
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 @realdonaldtrump please open up medical marijuana itll create jobs
 sell mid smoke thrax
 last time i smoked was 2 weeks ago 
 so my mom found out her coworkers smoke weed amp shes bringing them food but when i do it   the devils taking over my life 
 not even kidding im trying to smoke a blunt with wiz khalifa at okeechobee fest
 jonathan smoke  chief economist  for realtordotcom  showing the real 
 someone smoke with me
 i agree and its disgraceful. the reality show presidency amp first family. its all about image  smoke amp mirrors  an 
 @passionweiss take me with you... ill pay for all the gas and weed.
 if ur a guy and u ask me to smoke u up ima laugh in ur damn face.
 when i was a kid i wanted to be the kind of liberal that lived up north  smoked weed  and shot guns.
 @red2standingby he stoned as all hell on that powerful california marijuana and talking right crazy. its hilariou 
 the solution to your humpday hunger is this allnatural grilled turkey with smoked gouda  grilled amp fresh onion  p 
 weed isnt a gateway drug. if you smoking good weed  weed is enough.
 all my followers if yall want some free weed come to alex niggas love to get finessed here .. and be swearing they the plug 
 yaaa luv u 2 ig  cig smoker..  
 willie nelson products kick off mature marijuana market in las vegas 
 sosa went fed on dope smokes
 but really. congrats to my best friend elsie i love you so much. smoke weed forever.
 fenna put this hat over my bonnet and go smoke  im so stressed rn its always something
 shower  smoke  clean then study
 i really enjoy smoking weed to be honest that shit mad fun @ fairfax district  los angeles 
 especially if you smoke but ill rather go in the bedroom. 
 i wanna live out west so i can have a post mate or task rabbit go to the weed store and pick me up some nuggets
 dont sip lean but the weed have me feeling like i just siped a 4
 that video was so funny he was straight crying cause his weed was sooo good. lmfao 
 someone motivate me to get off my ass and to smoke a bowl
 i bet he smoking weed again too 
 cant do business high yet i just watched 2 millionaires hit wax rips in a million dollar weed factory.... try again
 @authorshout @junegundlack postmodern fiction contrasting nuclear promotion w marijuana prohibition is free ebook. . 
 @reolaxed the man basically established the smokers code of conduct like come on
 nobody ever wants to smoke with me before class now  in high school we used to have a whole squad 
 a friend with weed is a friend indeed.
 sick of oklahomas trash ass weed men but they want to charge 15 a g
 i need to smoke a fat blunt 
 @outsidemagazine may i suggest marijuana instead highlife
 lmao i should brush up on a few things all dat weed smoking made me forget basic shit. smh 
 moment of silence  i see the violence  i smell the gun smoke  eyes 
 anna  anybody got weed throw it away  lmaooooo
 all i do is work  and go home and smoke  someone take me out shid get me drunk summmm you whores wack
 and what has brandon weedon done to show elway should have kept their 1st rounder instead of trading it to new engl 
 doctors would rather you take weed up the butt than smoke it   via @vicecanada
 kelsey and emmy came to my house to smoke when i was sleeping and we ended up playing with crystals and tarot cards for 2 hours. 
 uwg we throughing a chillback low music . n everyone can just come smoke   n play some drinking games n actually be able to hear yourself
 not being able to smoke in your car sucks man
 but im doin time if i get caught with weed  
 @realdonaldtrump ahca bogus just more of the same smoke screen. need biooxidative medicine to straighten out mess change back
 were hiring click to apply class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes available   job
 being a distance runner and being able to smoke  is literally living the best of both worlds
 vancouver trends now canuck  cannabis culture  prince of pot  victo  elton john. 
 when you smoke too much and suddenly you a cartoon train 
 sorta like i have access to purchase a maserati. purely theoretical. more smoke and mirrors. more lies. 
 there aint enough smoke in my eyes to hide the kinda games youre trying to play
 @nmoneyitrust i like to keep my weed in the dark tho lol
 more smoke. the fire is really close. trumprussia 
 he has all that money but still cant afford to replace the batteries in the smoke alarm  
 not surprised. dope em up  send em back out. just let them use weed. 
 i swear weed can be the devil and ruin so many relationships.
 bout to smoke me one mah self. should get hella faded doe amp smoke 2 before work 
 i got weed i got food  so many other things.
 lol never smoked a day in my life thank you 
 i hate people who act like they aint never smoked a swisha  nigga errrbody started off using swishas 
 she just smoked on that l and she isnt even gunna get high smh what a waste 
 im giving up drinking and smoking. if like i used to drink and smoke a lot lmao
 last day smoke  free 6 slots   available    djlegacyltsb@gmail.com  @mymixtapez 
 someone in livingston  smoke me up pls
 nikki minaj mad pussy lmaooo she dont want any smoke.
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 cultivate kltvt prepare  till  plow  dig  hoe  farm  work  fertilize  mulch  weedquality relationship wgod.
 tommy chong just rolled trump up and smoked him in devastating tweet 
 do not come here tonight they are out of smokehouse and people have been waiting for 30 minutes for their pizza. 
 told u aint drink and smoke
 i dont think im doing anything tonight. just workout then smoke and chill if anybody wants to do that.
 you ever smoke some green that taste like dirt 
 location change. bubbys was to far. @ cold creek smokehouse in rocky top  tn 
 one day ill smoke a whole blunt by myself
 nice smoky flavor. hints of coffee   drinking a young hickory @ jack amp jamesons smokehouse   photo
 hope jondecker laid in a supply of good weed before he lost his mind in front of folks  and ruined his life. might help him chill.
 @massroots its obvious the government would rather overdose us with pharmaceuticals than admit theyre wrong about marijuana
 thank you @ivandrakethomas for this ganja banger  shes beautiful d @ bare knuckle tattoo 
 the first thing ever bought and sold across the internet was a bag of marijuana around 1971 marijuanafacts cannabis
 one roommate got these beers called dab  other roommate smokes  and i know dance moves so when someone asks for a dab theres confusion.
 all the white people do here is smoke  drink  and ride bikes  my dominican waiter at a cuban restaurant in portland oregon
 @jjauthor but weed help michelle malkin mil deal with a illness before she passed away
 or weed and guns. like idc about that shit. 
 just a few pinmarks in the trip. jad my first suvbomb x smoked 
 @bluntslut miss you and ya crazy ass ill hit you when i visit sm we gotta smoke and sip that henny 
 im tryna smoke a blunt or 3
 we get it you smoke weed
 moving along  gonna smoke and get some sleep. we already 6 hours into a new day.
 we need some weed
 someone real who smoke just as much as me 
 some bullshit. i want boneless weed from now on lmfaoo 
 longest smoke session last night 
 ugh i really wish cigarettes were banned at the beach. nothing worse than enjoying some sunshine then suddenly get a lung full of smoke.
 i smoked a bowl with coffee this morning and felt like i was on molly ..
 @ashamaley ive worked in a kitchen before. i get it  and ive been in the weeds  but dang  this was painful to watch unfold.
 i need to smoke so bad i hate every living thing rn
 i purchased a weed killer called dr earth which states it is people and pet safe. after using it id have to say the weeds are also safe.
 chloe frontin like she didnt smoke an airhead blunt
 i forgot i worked frisat not satsun so my manager called me last like where you at and i deadass said why are you trying to smoke
 ill be over here  with my hat low... might see a lotta weed smoke
 dont forget to change your batteries and maybe add photoelectric smoke detectors to your home. twinsburgfirecares 
 my uber drivers care smells like weed 
 so. much. weed.
 @calhouns @hobetnvarsity   easy choice.  smoked wings with thunder road sauce  black bear ale.
 im at main street marijuana in vancouver  wa 
 drinking a wickd threesome by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station  
 i smoked like three different types of weed today. 
 hey. hey  you guys. i ordered poutine. montreal smoked meat poutine. yup. 
 i study amp remember more when ive smoked
 end of 3 hempfield 41  @wmallenbball 34. allen unable to get many easy looks. in 2 losses  canaries scored 56 and 58. on pace for less.
 @kalanilanii i swear we didnt do it but im sure who ever did vanished in a cloud of smoke   
 i need weed in hurst
 this is the part of the year where i sit n smoke on my roof i just need a friend whos down
 i havent been without smoke in forever 
 the worst part about not smoking weed anymore is the fact im not smoking weed lol. ive reached for my bong so many times out of habit.
 i hate when boys try to down play my weed cause imma girl but soon as they hit it.. 
 damn my car still smells like marijuana
 need new ppl to smoke w in greensboro 
 @bflay here is ur next ep of brunch @ bobbys. smoked pork shoulder eggs benedict.  good looking from my sous chef 
 dont get smoked
 its sunday... i just want someone to come over  cuddle me  smoke w me  watch movies me amp be lazy w me allllllllll dayyyyy 
 its 2017 and niggas still giving their weed names face palm cut it out man
 @hugeshow haters i say put them on dc9  have them try to take off in the wind then skid 400 yards off runaway with smoke filling up cabin
 either today or tomorrow im going to the gun store .. word is you cant go in there smellin like weed so i gotta be sober for a day
 at this point  just dont smoke lol 
 finna smoke this 
  bc thats yo lil smoke room 
 supervisor judi bosworth of north hempstead tell friendship city  haman  korea  that were opposed t...  via @change
 all yall heard was cannabis 
 @gordonramsay smoked salmon eggs benny with a black truffle and dill hollandaise and sauted asparagus. howd i do 
 why does under my sink it smell like weed
 why do people still smoke cigs
 save my money or buy some weed 
 mfs be asking for weed on fb and people really be tagging the drug dealers 
 mom walks into my house smells like weed  lol welcome to the 602
 hes wearing workout pants and a suit coat. and then he started telling me about all the crack he smoked in the 80s.
 i keep telling joe to peep my tweets but he dont even have a phone. damnnn smokey
 all this is just... ugh  i needa smoke.
 back in tally  smoke that shit
 @prettydijahh @itsdonlow blame smoke flexing ass
 @comcastcares did the tech go out for a pack of smokes like dad did
 why is their band name that.. finish the sentence. why dont we smoke some weed why dont we rob a bank  shannons mom
 fresh off work headed to the crib bout to shower smoke and finish off my lil patron i got left
 @gavinnewsom i partially blame newsom for the opioid epidemic in ca by his support for legalization of marijuana. its a gateway drug
 oh yes. these will be perfect. an essential in the picnic area for when the new smoker arrives... texas winning 
 my room smell like straight weed and i havent even smoked in a while 
 ima need someone to slide thru my garage with weed and good company pls
 i only smoke weed and cigarettes.
 if u smoke cigs back the fuck up
 did you even smoke if you didnt put it on your story
 money and weed 
 @brownsfan32 smoke 
 i just wanna smoke and watch netflix. all i want rn 
 rolling marijuana thats a strict vacation
 you gotta whip  i got chu wait till the 20th smoke fat  
 remember when carbondale stole the lil smokey dance to this amp named it the allen 3  
 im just gonna  smoke some blunts while listening to dom kennedy and curreny
 if someone takes me to pick up ill smoke you out
 niggas really be hittin me up askin do you smoke and when i say no  they be stuck amp dont know what to say  yall need better pickup lines
 @rawbitch1st  so where we meeting at today since im off cuz clearly u want smoke n im damn sure ready to give it to you 
 ayyyyy das me when i tried my first weed 
 i think its so cool that @lilyachty doesnt drink or smoke. that takes mad courage in this world. cant wait for that album to drop broo
 smelling some good weed on this bus.
 @wroetoshaw i have weed at home just hmu 
 i guess just because i dont smoke weed i dont get invited anywhere
 people in austin have no chill lol need money for food and weed 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 544 e 22nd st  send message. 
 im so stressed out all i can do is smoke copious amounts of weed and ignore it
 they did have comments however  when some dude smoked a joint in his car 
 i just wanna smoke weed 
 just another  lie used for smoke amp mirrors to hide @realdonaldtrump  russian  amp tax issues 
 i broke a lucky stoge yeasterday  and my bro was like yo  its prob super lucky now. amp then smoked it before i went to bed.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4001 w strathmore ave  
 this guy whos been avoiding me and ignoring my texts for like a year finally decided to hmu on fb asking if i had any weed connects. bye...
 rappers about to blow up 1. smoke purpp
 noname off the drugs  noname quit the weed. telefone delight  love is all i need 
 who wanna come over and smoke sum htx
 happy to go home thinking i had bud but i forgot i literally had thrown all my weed outside 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 btw my tolerance is coming down  havent smoked since yesterday 
 snoop dogg is a complete black asshole. just smoke pot and shut up.  dickhead.
 @acosta man im tryin to quit smokin hard..... ive spent too many hours around heavysmoking feds for real. ciafbi morons always smoke
 @carminezozzora @rediaimfire @realdonaldtrump silentmajority wants legal marijuana 70 tax it create jobs
 @saltyannebonney @abc @realdonaldtrump are they entitled to free marijuana too
 i get home every night to a home cooked meal  wine and weed. i love this man. im so blessed. 
 never fall in love. it will fuck you up more than weed or whiskey ever could.
 help me escape this lonely smoke sesh
 having driven from san diego to weed  ca i can attest to the fact that the permanent drought predicted by some scientists has ended.
 after your innocent friend says she likes being high but hates smoke bitch nobody started having lungs  we had to earn them shits
 i need one of these. old cooler converted into a smoke house for deliciousness. 
 elise and marisas fish named after bob marley literally died of second hand smoke just let the sink in ripbob  heaven got a new angel
 add weed 
 damn i dont have a smoke spot
 wait theres weed in the package...not swishers 
 looking over your fence and in your window to see if you smoking weed then knocking on your door to lecture you about it.
 all black lives matter right snoop dogg go smoke some more. crack 
 staysafe smoke pot instead
 i woke up with my cat cuddling me and he hates when i smoke weed so he walked away but turned around and gave me the stank eye. okay boo.
 snoop dog has honestly smoked one too many blunts .....horrible music video about @realdonaldtrump 
 u can have a drink or a smoke as long as know what in for lol
 10k is better than an 850 credit score the fuck do yall smoke
 i need a full time picture taker benifits ride in the benz and smoke hella blunts
 lmao how weed dealers be this stupid 
 we @dcmj2014 are creating a political price in the public eye for opposing marijuana. reschedule420 42417 
 people who smoke weed 247 but cant manage to graduate from hope like u crack me up
 i want to smoke so bad 
 dont smoke a black and talk in my face with that shit breath 
 i dont like niggas that smoke everyday .. but if you do atleast your self up . dont skip haircuts either  the shit look bummy
 government weed  
 no wonder the government doesnt think weed helps patients..look at what theyve  produced.
 smoke weed and chill.
 @christianea2 if i smoked still 
 susanhyland has used crack cocaine for 13yrs  regularly consumed alcohol  pcp  prescription painkillers amp marijuana
 your wcw smokes government issued shwag. not even hi mids   
 lemme start dating white men since i only get approached my rappers and the local weed man
 come try the @blacksheeplodge s newest cocktail the smokey paloma kimo sabe joven mezcal  
 all i wanna do is watch drunk history  chain smoke  and take sleeping pills until i can have my normal life back
 hey @drewontheradio amp @sethkush   are  @thejohnsenning weed socks made of hemp just think they should be. lod dgl
 t3| @mattdailey23 smokes a double to right center. 1 on 1 out gbr
 lmfao 3 in la liga gets smoked by 15 in epl and @girlshatetanner will still say la liga is competitive. lmao
 if weed is a gateway to actual harmful drugs than alcohol is a gateway to beating your wife and auto accidents
 ilearnedfromhighschool that weed is a stress reliever
 you  my friend  smoke crack. 
 smoke weed 
 @kerrence aint even got a smoke ring
 a4. when i write  im better able to synthesize information  and weed out irrelevant material when developing arguments twotcw
 this says to me that if trees were alive they would kill  dry  grind  and smoke their enemies. cannibalism 
 my mom told me she gets headaches when she smells weed so she would never smoke it.. bouta slip her an edible
 bought smoked turkey breast lunch meat from the store and it smellstastes like tuna 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 only reason i would vote is to legalize dope. just to watch this stupid fucking world go up in smoke.
 we look like weed  we smell like weed  we are weedheads 
 this is how burgers are suppose to look like.  bigsmokeburgers @ big smoke burger 
 lost count of how many blunts ive smoked today..
 the bad weed drugmovies @midnight
 socalbadparty amazing vendor  crafted cannabis  @ central la  los angeles  california 
 pee weeds big adventure drugmovies @midnight
 no one to smoke dope with late at night 
 we deserve a smoke break
 i wanna smoke an l and sleep but thats not gonna happen
 just want to sit outside by a fire and smoke a cigar 
 hello  someone who will b awake at 2 am pls smoke with me i wanna die after i leave mainstacks
 i witnessed truee smoke a cigarette tonight wow @joseetruee 
 honestly im just always tryna smoke people out but nobody ever hits me up or is tryna chill hahahaha
 my girl cant do drugs or smoke anything. she gotta be mature smh
 like  whats next  whats that  whats up i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck.
 my weed so loud niggas smell it thru the baggy said damn son you got that surround sound
 @markdavid2 i know  hard to detect. we need a method to smoke them out.
 behind all the billowing smoke and fiery plumes even dragons hearts bit to a sweet melody treasured in their souls 
 if u have blacklight weed posters in ur room ya cut 
 well  yes  willie god did place marijuana in the world
 we deserve a smoke break....
 get your lil jr whopper clique smoked up
 bored as hell 420 trade so shit for weed i need to get some weed text friends lasanimaspark 
 @onthealth 45f  32yr smoker pack n half daily stopped 8 months ago thanks to vaping amazing experience hubby  joined me  smoke free life
 first time ever my @uber driver and car smell like smoke. fail 
 i seriously want to smoke and just talk with snoop so badly
 something about weed and rolling up at tops
 st barbaras trynna keep my trapped here. im boutta just get discharged cuz i cant lay in bed for 4 days straight  no weed  60 channels..
 she remind me of synthetic weed idk
 i just smoke a little bit of weed and put blueberrys in my coco puffs it was hella good
 cant wait to get off to smoke a fat blunt
 this woman smoking weed next to me and it smell so damn good 
 jesse owens  just smoked the shit out of these white folks at the olympics. hitler didnt even shake my hand. bitch 
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 if i ever smoke around you  feel special
 if im being completely honest  ive enjoyed getting in the weeds on @fellowshipone data conversions this week. imissbeingcustomerfacing
 that weed help me so much on them lonely nights. roll one up please
 the most turnt im getting on this family vacation is secondhand marijuana smoke from our neighbors
 i want to smoke a joint with @iamjspooks like a boss goals 
 stop sucking and blowing that shit out wasting all that good weed  
 got a little fancy for chef chefscottlj . dry aged ribeye aupoivre   smoked potato  sauce 
 my cousins  my grandma  and i are having a smoke off rn.. this is the weirdest shit
 it has a really good smoke amp coca flavor with a hint ... 2nd anniversary imperial stout  unaged 
 im lame  not flashy  dont smoke idk. lmao i guess 
 my two favorite tv series are really desperate housewives amp weeds 
 you seen that smoke fly up ha nose tooooooo quick  
 i probably had to much to smoke
 wanna smoke a blunt and go swimming
 all we do is smoke  and fuck 
 i got juice  smoke  loud. and i still dont smile
 some1 smoke me out
 if i moved to mexico an grew weed lord knows. id become the king pin an never loon back. bentley got da sauce.
 im so glad my neighbor decided 1am was a good time to weed whack his front yard hell yeah dude
 body full of smoke these niggaz full of hate  @neighborhood704 @ lust of charlotte 
 there is weed in heaven. 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 yall be smoking 7 blunts a day...yall must be smoking that government issued weed  a 8th a day for me is ideal
 nigga its snoop dog. he aint ask to be labeled a role model he just trynna smoke his blunt and do wtf he wants ho 
 anyone trying have an early smoke sesh
 me hey californian native  do you know where i can get weed californian what weed whats that never had that what huh
 stopped eating gluten amp started working out in an attempt to be healthy... continues to chain smoke cigs and black out all the time 
 so glad its spring break ion have school til monday im fianna smoke amp go back to sleep.
 yo i need to find some smoke in the bahamas  and some cool spots hmu if you know.bahamas weed beach vacation cruise royalcaribbean
 @jeffsessions  what a moronic and stupid thing to think weed is a problem. politicians are a problem. you have a lot of money in pharma
 damn...you run a medical marijuana clinic  
 i saw sunn o last night. you cant really tell from this photo as its mostly smoke but trust 
 free smoke
 only buy the best weed  freeadvicein5words
 ltn|ghtoutgt my gf can smoke cigarettes with her pussy
 salmon toast  deconstructed   hickory smoked salmon  dill  capers  scallions and lemon. 
 see our latest bowlinggreen  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 love it when she calls me big papa  i only smoke blunts if they rolled prapa
 roll up and smoke my sins away  id like to go to st. tropez
 @ziurisx smoke that good wax duh 
 yall so wet behind tha ears amp be tryna do drugs lol thats how smokers are created lol
 im done smoking weed for a while deadass
 im rewarding myself to a nice smoke sesh after i finish this paper 
 worldwide motherfuckin mob figures.  weed smoking  gun toting....riding on our motherfuckin enemies...httpst.co3feqfguzuk
 @thegingerminj found this on tumblr and all i could say is poor ginger she just trying to smoke a cig and katya do 
 i need some more weed or drinks
 thst guy working at the smoke shop foine as hell
 sb111 engross class 8 municipalities  weeds  abatement  alternative procedures to declare a public nuisance aft... 
 living in a duplex isnt too bad unless your neighbor is a pot head amp it makes your house smell like weed all of the time
 camel turkish royals are the worst fucking cigarettes ive ever smoked
 someones smoking weed in the venue and it literally smells like broccoli. im concerned. 
 day 9 ill stop counting at 2  weeks of cleanup ... harvested potatoes  pulled weeds  moved more cement... 
 imma be off the weed smoke   i might get drunk tomorrow for a change of events  
 @sheeeeriex3 u should smoke straight 0mg menthol from a mod. it works even better than halls
 telling my parents ive smoked weed before was probably the funniest conversation i have ever had 
 constant visits from the atf so i copped some cribs in the atl  martha stewart decorated both  snoop dogg donated the smoke
 live in the living room tonight @ 10pm we got smokey amp aretha on tap @sangtrice amp 
  all i want for christmas is two bad bitches and a bag of weed  
 i promise you tawan doesnt smoke for shit
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 all them drugs and weed make yall hoes unattractive and unappealing.
 who in vegas wants to smoke me up
 i need more friends to smoke with in south bay 
 this very moment i wish i didnt smoke all my weed
 constant visits from the atf. so i cop some cribs in the atl. martha stewart decorated both. snoop dogg donated the smoke
 just want to smoke amp cuddle 
 do i... bryahna ... want to smoke a couple bowls or ....... smoke ... many.. multiple ... bowls 
 i cant spell sober im a smoker 
 human decency 101 dont stand upwind of the one person outside to smoke then look offended when i move further away 
 anyone pinches me today  just know i already smoked the greens so im gon getcho hoe ass back 
 and then god says  let there be weed on this earth john 123
 alyanna and alora are growing like weeds.
 got me fuck up it dont take that long to get some weed
 @alessandratrask i smoked a joint last night that had to be laced speed.
 wanna smoke but too lazy to roll up
 cant wait till i come across my first pound of weed
 happy saints fattys day for all my 420 brothers and sisters infowarwarrior smoke we do take the pain away for a li 
 have a heartofgold and gogreen4patricksday love from the cannabis clan @djwarrenyoung @kushamerica @gma 
 the smoke will clear soon.  @ hollywood hills 
  im the new smoke show  the gravel flyin when your slidin down that ol back road. new music here 
 when she says she smokes 
 plans this summer smoke a lot of weed in a lot of different places
 see our latest charlotte  nc job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 hickory smoked jerk chicken is on the special board tonight. @ fox bros barbq 
 a nigga like me blowin smokee
 flashbackfriday to when we smoked a quarter and some change in one joint 
  president trump make the dea tell the truth about marijuana  sign the petition  via @change
 day 15 sitting in our weeds  
 oh thats holla weed bra  gia
 the stream media is beside theirselves because potus will not let them blow smoke up the american public publics rear end.  they are scared
 gas what i smoke nigga feds at my door jump out the window nigga
 did a lil weeding today..  . . alssucks awarenessuntilacure stpatricksday @ virginia 
 i hate how sum ppl only smoke to be coo be ya self dog 
 im tryna roll up some blunts and smoke them shits
 march madness and amazing weed it dont get no better
 hell nah that fool can get smoked for all those years missed 
 i needa smoke lol
 no one was interested in my air drop reefer and p0rn strategy to distract the daesh. 
 someone wanna smoke a blunt w me 
 now @foxnews seanhannity suggests that obama did cocaine  smoked weed with the travelbanblocking hawaii judge 
 someone smoke with me
 thanks for the free weed white dude
 them wanna sneak out and smoke me let me ask my mom real quick. them what  me she said no
 the entire city smells like weed 
 someone said hell bring weed from cali for me lmao whats that 
 my mom and i were watching the land before time and the only thing i could think was if there was weed back then
 i really threw somebody half a blunt amp told them to smoke it wo me
 just smoked  got that rick ross album blasting in the room and playing 2k gtgtgt calm nights 
 @thatkevinsmith nowadays who do you think smokes more weed you or silent bob stupid question but one i think youd answer hilariously
 in need of a smoke
 allyourfault. @ smokey mountains 
 i swearrrrr @swishersweets needs to sponsor me as much as i smoke  bgc17
 @leavenworthst social justice buccaneer sen. sara howard tax ne smokers but not drinkers 545 more per year 
 this dudes dad used to buy us weed en smoke with us when we were young and he jus came down en said who smokin dope in my fuckin house lol
 m83 at the crack of dawn with some platinum og ganja 
 carti excuse me while i smoke this blunt in private   me bad bih gave me head in private 
 key lime pies wtoasted meringue piweek plus @mrbjangle2415 smoked corned beef breakfast hand 
 somewhere this morning a young bm wakes up in a cell for selling weed  but there are wm getting paid for weed dispensaries.
 still debating on if i should smoke a blunt for breakfast
 a classic of the awkward school picture genre. choice of background a little odd though. 80s lasers and smoke not a 
 i was so lit last night  that weed was fire 
 its a smoked wing and basketball kind of day. 
 omg he asked a special needs girl on prom youre so cool   shes a normal girl not a fucking weird animal.. fucking dick weeds
 late night on thayer tonight 11 to 2am. bluefish  dory  smoked asada  sweet potato  seared kale.
 im at smokey ds bbq in des moines  ia 
 the last smoked chicken @ ohio city provisions in cleveland  oh 
 great first day smoke @ anaheim convention center 
 just got off work so ready to home and to smoke w this boy. 
 its reefers bday
 i always forget when i smoke alone i dont need as many bowls amp then always get really high 
 @rangerclaymore @perttplatifus @ajenglish mediocracy is an acceptable way of life for many. its easy for many to get lost in the weeds..
 free smoke  morelife
 i have honestly had the worst spring break possible. thankfully i have marijuana.
 keep rollin your wacky weed bish 
 yall wanna listen to free smoke the meaning of the song is happening on tnt as we speak 
 free smoke
 our apartments have a beer garden with grills  a smoker  cooler amp tvs .. this summer about to be lit
 im at wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 i need to smoke omfg 
 i need to smoke 
 free smoke  free smoke 
 i dont smoke weed  i smoke clowns like you on the ball courts  @ 
 omg there was a no smoke dammit policy and this dude popped smoke next to me and i had to use my friends inhaler lo 
 free smoke free smoke yeah 
 holy smokes stanton
 whos trying to smoke i got money for all.
 i only listened to free smoke so far and that shit was 
 @cnn @ponjapu wow  but vets that are dying  so they can drink  smoke pot  party nothing or homeless people in america all over our streets
 how swag would it be if i weeded rn af
 when you gotta baby on the way that you didnt know about but you wanna smoke. ok. 
 im in weed mode ama  get your answers while theyre hot  rare opportunity
 i swear im the only person who doesnt drink or smoke.
 smoking weed slapping the dream
 bro swear to god @22danteandre put on more life  free smoke  and i started crying hysterically
 i wanna smoke a blunt with bad luck brian  macklemore and toby from the office.
 aww u niggas got jokes   free smoke
 @radalcoholporn uh... i smoke weed so i dont have to surround yourself with vodka. xd you should try it.
 free smoke  free smoke... aye
 @shellyslavsky it tastes like fruit punch w weed in it
 boys cant believe it when i say i dont smoke no more
 free smoke  no long talk  gylachester  blem portland  kmt. 
 bitches smoke to release stress i smoke to smoke get high as a mother fuck just cause i can 
 nah  some of them got good weed and some give good laughs  we str8 i just dont trust em for nothing  
 @natbynature @carmellawwe just give me a smoke break every 30 minutes  and suck more pussy some more.
 attention smokers who have chronic pain reduce your pain by quitting smoking.  thanks 
 just wanna eat good  smoke good  travel  make money and take care of my seed 
 free smoke  free smoke  ay free smoke  free smoke  ay
 free smoke free smoke aye
 oooh the bitch said go smoke some meth i hope marcus aint doin this
 @chefsymon aftr years of following you on twitter amp using a propane fired smoker i know  lame i decide 2 go legit 
 high the weed 
 so when are anthony betty and me gunna go smoke 
 i wanna see how long i can go before smoking weed
 @janeyygirrrl if you smoke and try and quit with the patch youll have some really weird fucked up dreams
 life feels really good for the first time in a year. i finally weeded out all the toxic energies
 friends wanna smoke me yeah come over friends okay but i dont got bud me i got you  me wanna smoke friends got bud to match
 a smoke of hope
 coffeeyish. smooth. creamy. smokey.  drinking an irish blessing at @biersteineugene   photo
 lets smoke amp chill
 voices plan ahead when addressing weeds 
 youu can smoke my gass w me  pop a flat and roll me ohh my
 free smoke free smoke
 @susansarandon beyond the acting  u astound in appearance u amp ms lange must not be smokers like bette amp joan
 no  just dont smoke cigarettes thats a major turn off  
 tryna smoke this blunt but not by myself 
 @twozerosixgod you sure u cant venmo weed or devotion
 girls that smoke cigarettes now are gonna be crackheads later on
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 only slightly less awful than heroin. ok. thats why you can od the first time you shoot up but cant od off weed 
 just wanna smoke with my baby already
 the older i get the more i realize that were probably living in some fucked up simulation and you only realize it when you smoke weed
 i cant find hennessy and weed by ccb on soundcloud im annoyed
 @sydneyjadee a week usually but do not smoke. might get impacted gums and the doctor will tell you thats the worst pain ever
 i love a garden of cupcakes...... no weeds please.      baking cupcakes decorate flowers frosting talent 
 im a heavy smoker. this chs business blew my mind. nausea amp abdominal pains. all the time .
 i dont drink or smoke  so even taking an advil pm will make me loopy because i have no tolerance.
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 it smells like straight weed on this bus
 i agree @mahogany1992 @realdonaldtrump has been proven he is a liarcomey is giving us a lot of smoke but it doesnt 
 zj left his whole joint in my car and im finna smoke it 
 you need some weed or something blood itll change ya look on the albums 
 chicago is a great place to not feel bad about being a scumbag. did you smoke cigarettes in the shower well it was a tuesday .
 cannot fucking wait to smoke when i get in the house
 yes. rt @thekelektiv whats your weed of choice  do you prefer a head high or a body high  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1145 w cross st  overflowing can. 
 @adamriguez do not disturb  passionfruit  free smoke
 i smoked a backwood earlier and the sheets was right on the side of my bed im guh
 this bitch wanna smoke all of my weed  ion wan no sex told her to get on her knees
 who names weed can i have that job
 i swear its the niggas that never put nothing into a smoke session always talking bout pass the blunt
 i dont do shit but weed   yall can have all that extra nonsense
 holy smokes its raining breakfast amp dinner outside
 netflix  weed and kisses
 holy smokes wbc2017
 ft33dallas chefmattmccallister dessert lineup starts with an olive oil cake and smoked orange 
 okay the people next door were having the biggest smoke sesh ive ever seen
 whole bridge smells like weed.
 lowkey cant wait to hear free smoke in the club whenever i decide to step out.
 girl  i bet you  smoking dem reggies  me  smoke regular weed 
 i dont do drugs bitch i smoke weed
 yal annoying talking about  dont smoke no swishers around me  mannnnn yal niggas just started smoking backwoods last month . gtfoh 
 ima just wait til summer to buy a hookah that way i can smoke it outside and enjoy it
 fuck where can i buy some low grade weed here
 the lou getting hectic mugs get smoked even at the zoo 
 all this weed but no wraps 
 everybody in that restaurant is pussy. i wouldve smoked that man on sight. buggin. 
 i smell like smoke and ive never been happier 
 the media amp even fox news doesnt really want us to know the raw truth. its all hype  smoke  mirrors amp crap.
 free smoke bass is nice
 talking about the increased interest of industrial hemp in mn w @afvaubel nationalagday agday @mnagriculture 
 closed mouths dont get fed so iam saying something  follow young smoke he up next his single 
 idk what imma smoke this weekend
 i wanna go swimming and smoke blunts and drink margaritas
 let me smoke then reevaluate my life right.
 i need the smoke to keep me mellow
 all i smoke is killa
 if we can smoke  cruise  and have comfortable silences  i fucks wif you
 so apparently im supposed to be in a music video amp my part is to represent maryjane without having weed in the video. 
 i cant smoke weed today bc of @googlewallet . smfh
 so annoying when people are standing on the street and say they need money  as they smoke a cigarette..
 smoking weed like im from the islands 
 quit weed lol 
 anyone want to deliver me some weed
 its mad cool when my older brothers friends dont know how to close a door properly but can smoke 5 blunts in a row no problem
 @angrosado yea that track is  to i like free smoke and couple other ones on there.. i like this album a lil more then views
 wanna smoke
 wild smoked salmon   wine with two wild yogini @ astoria 
 smoked weed once 
 i dont like smoking weed anymore. it hasnt been enjoyable for the past 2 years.
 ima happy smoker ctfuu 
 tha weed tha weed
 i bet u purp smoke these wit dummy k2 
 my babies came in today. who want it free smoke pinnaclemma kickboxing boxing muaythai 
 bruh kinsler smoked that one
 @blizzy @laybayy smoke in the shower
 i got wayyy too lucky with this guy. holy smokes.
 i smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass faster than the fat bitch who sat down too fast
 ya bitch break down my weed sometimes
 lets smoke a blunt n talk bout our future kids
 it sucks seeing people tou care about try to act cool by smoking weed and getting drunk
 i know it breaks your heart that i only smoke papers  cause i dont smoke gars  babe
 alicia gave me so little weed this is my joint... this is a joint for ratatouille bro 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 @thehill shummer should not be there he is false  smokescreen  bs lazy  does not do his job for the people
 @reezyhendrix awe come smoke amp no i am not creative enough lol
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 3705 s hanover st  mattresses in t 
 bag smell liek fucking weed ... fuck
 lighting a cigarette adds dangerous chemicals to a cigarette. learn  about the chemicals in cigarette smoke. 
 people know smoking is unhealthy. you cant smoke in public. tobacco tax is high. now what we need to change socia 
 whos tryna have a smoke off today
 join us march 30 in sf or via livecast for our series representing marijuana businesses after 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation frederick  md
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5100 plymouth road baltimore  send message.
 front office your music is too loud i said naw that weed is loud omg
 heres a look at the rosters for the hit in havre. holy smokes theres a lot of talent spread across these teams. s 
 wanna smoke a splee w a grey brim on 
 ill smoke yo bf 
 my dad told me the weed man was here and i almost lost my shit then he handed me this.  
 is this supposed to make crack seem more appealing than weed even tho crack is extremely dangerous amp addictive 
 and i hate when ppl weed be smoking like the fuck is tripping on the weed fa
 only smoke blunts if they rolled prapah
 finna smoke this blunt then go work out
 but i never date men that smoke. odd.
  id give anything 4 one smoke out sess wit dis koolkat soulbrotha uberfan
 all my boyfriend plays when we smoke lmao 
 post production for the film where theres smoke directed by @evkel catch the show at 
 so very much smoke.  
 in my household you have to ask if the brownies have weed in them first.
 id rather just smoke idk how yall can drink fr
 all i do is brush my hair n smoke dope waveteam comin soon will be shittin on 95 of you.
 the democrats may try blowing smoke on this but @potus trump put wire tappped in quotes meaning he was repeatin 
 there appears to be a massive amount of smoke coming from 1600 pennsylvania ave... 
 the smokey purple eye 
 @realdonaldtrump you were right about you being tapped...no russian collusion on your part...this congressional probe is smoke and mirrors.
 purple smokey cause everyones already done this look 
 @lilrel175 durban poison  granddaddy purp  silver haze  cherry og  blackberry kush lifesaverblunts stonershit nocandyjustweed
 a little more weed is a little more love
 never thought id be the one i smoke  but the stress is at a all time high.
 thank god for weed 
 but i cant smoke a blunt in the car that i pay for  
 this job might be a great fit for you store manager in weedsport  ny   diversity retail 
 @kkovalskis i feel ya tho pacsun is weed land too
 @amatthiesen @heartofsunrise1 really need to watch smokey and the bandit now.
 pizza water pizza fruit water pizza water pizza smoke break
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1400 key hwy  send message. 
 money on my mind marijuana my taste buds.
 found a bag of weed sitting in my window seal 
 im so ready to smoke. this shift kinda trash cuz i cant take weed breaks like i can at night.
 all this weed and no snacks. come thru
 sum1 bring me some weed. i dont want to leave the house 2day
 pulling weeds will not grow your garden. you must pour the water...
 i eat then smoke  eat after i smoke and i eat while im smoking 
 when they say you tryna smoke but they got some reggie 
 she a silly bitch she hit the weed and start laughing
 @jasonwiltshire @eraserewind1 @astridnv hey  you choose to smoke  drink or take drugs you destroy your life.  you choose trump...........
 i cant smoke with people that dont inhale they weed  like bitch you wasting my shit 
 whos trying to chill and smoke
 when u walk out 2 smoke amp 2 gather our thoughts but someone is always up in your face. 
 i see you follow weed tweets  damn i didnt know you had such chill vibes bro
 i have depression  i used to smoke weed everyday...
 i pledge to provide loud music and weed always
 i change my mind man  im not buying that ounce of weed  im going to take a break
 @paskekwietz definitely weed
 @zanesavagexxx ill smoke you out lets link bruh
 gas is what i smoke nigga 
 ryan dead ass just pulled up to my house with some wendys and weed for me .. hes the greatest 
 most of your favorite rappers sold weed to buy jordans and studio time. drake made 50k as a teen actor to help his mom. ion get it
 wish i still worked with all the skater dudes smfh work was just good music and weed talk lol
 trying to find passion where theres no love left  is like trying to put smoke back in this cigarette
 lanie always tryna make me smoke when she knows i quit 
 if you dont think i will drive to boise for the sole purpose of playing a bootleg smokey amp the bandit game  you dont know me.
 someone come listen to my playlists and smoke this blunt with me
 brruuuhhh dre dennis really choked and got smoked by nick cannon on live tv smh
 every time i see tulips  i cant help but think of my weeding. its my favorite flower  and we 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 i tried to get a smoke in before julias recital  and when i say i chugged that bong... i chugged that bong.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 jon wolfe is so underrated.  ready to see him play at the weed tonight
 roll one  smoke one  and we all just havin funnn
 not enough weed in the world  
 me and miranda been up for 3 hours trynna smoke and we are just now finding a plug
 colton case asa burning feed for 5.3.1 energy in feed.  smokey and smelly day in the shop  but a lot of fun 
 i just finna smoke my head away tbh
 trynna sip a 40 and smoke a bleezy when i get off 
 psa saturn is the smallest planet in our solar system rn. either that or my cousin just really needs stop smoking weed
 i dont smoke weed when im sad or some bs like that i smoke it because i like it lol
 i dont think im ever going to stop smoking weed 
 man i cant wait to have my own place and be able to smoke w out a care in the world . thatll be the day ill say i made it.
 somebody slide with weed
 special tonight the smoked gator pizza. chargrilled and braised gator meat  bacon  roast red 
 @explodedsoda how do you like that cannabis tea in your snapchat do you drink it often
 i just passed a car that had a bumper sticker that said diesel smoke makes me horny.... i hate new york
 alyssa really found a whole blunt in the couch  we really smoke too much
 you ask me  do you want to go smoke hookah. im gonna assume you think im pussy. so we gotta fight
 usgs08111500  brazos rv nr hempstead  tx  heavy rain 1.6 inhr over the last 15 minutes  
 smoke me two joints then take a nice hot ass shower and smoke a third joint...
 @aetv livepd was it me or did it sound like that single wide house in midland needs to change the batteries in the smoke detector  lol
 so bizarre being in a state where the head of security says if youre gonna smoke weed make sure you do it outside
 what a horrible friday night. who wants to smoke some weed
 roll so much damn weed up wit my feet up we dont come in last
 still havent figured out how to smoke
 we taste oregon goat cheese wrapped in bourbon soaked maple leaves  amp smoked over alder amp maple wood...for @6sqft 
 this aint smoke blowing up ur skirt or anyone grabbing pussy. this is huge  or yuge if hes totally captured u. 
 i dont know how people smoke because just the smell of cigarette smoke gives me a killer head ache 
 faint heli noise in the distance  they usually look for cannabis fields up in these hills shootthetaxcollectors
 @strika8 happy birthday smoke live it up my boy 
 if u dont smoke these i cant fwu 
 almost just killed my dog with a weed eater... great day so far
 everytime i come home late and im tired my mom believes ive smoked weed..
 my roomies just came home from el toro hammered and hope and janie are gonna smoke a blunt 
 see our latest memphis  tn job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 good beer for a hot day.  drinking a weedwacker by @saintarnold @ mod pizza    photo
 anytime i smoke its cuz im rocking with @goldenhookahok
 theyre not booing... theyre saying luuuuuke. two run double by barringer was smoked. 41.
 my day dont start until i listen to free smoke. morelife
 we deserve a smoke break
 whos trying to smoke
 i dont like to take medicine. i smoke weed  drink water and eat good food 
 in so much pain i cant even smoke and all i want is brandon to come back home 
 @jiminsiatina the city dont smell like weed no more they cleared the air for u
 now time to wait for jenny to get off so i can get off and we can go smoke some dopeeeee 
 my whole apartment smells like weed. i dont smoke. i fucking hate my stupid pothead neighbors.
 she cant hit my dope so i told that lil bitch to smoke  my dick
 there isnt any weed and i have no cash to get any 
 bloom  dangit... bloom @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 they all 2334 and im here like helloooo lets all go to queens and smoke hookah
 getchu a mans that gives you back massages  smokes spliffs  and eats leftovers in bed with you
 @senwarren from talking about health care and address these russia issues. there is a lot of smoke. persist persist
 a pharma company that spent 500 000 trying to keep pot illegal just got dea approval for synthetic marijuana 
 why do our smoke detectors only have battery issues in the middle of the night when everyone is asleep 3am time to make noise 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i went from king of the corner to breaking down weed on my diploma  straight ballin like a bitch.
 nobody sucks or fucks for weed cmon 
 somebody come get me i wanna smoke
 if you use a curved shaft weed eater over a straight shaft  stay away from me cause i hate you.
 @madonna  hey madonna... why not sing smokey robinsons rendition of tears of a clown..comon it will be so motownishlove you still
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 @genosky21 im trying to figure that out ampampampampamp smoke hookah too. like how   i cant even have 4 drinks now and be alive
 nah im not really interested in someone who smokes or drinks i only drink on weekends and i stopped smoking weed but i smoke cigs 
 inhaling the smoke from burnt plasticgtgtgt
 so now that i know @chrislhayes smokes weed  respect were you stoned on @billmaher friday night  great show 
 facetime me lets smoke blunts and talk on the facetime
 @mspiggieee you roll swishers and game.. so you smoke mid
 our slow smoked rib racks bracket is out...  which racks are in your finalfour 
  @ flowers and weeds 
 oh good lord  im glad im leaving. there is a guy here so steeped in cigarillo smoke that it is overpowering from six feet away.
 yung i swear girls smoke more than girls now. hard as hell to find a girl who dont smoke 
 lmao smoke breaks gon be sumn serious @ work when weed become fully legal.
 psa please dont smoke on the beach around children
 i need a smoke. and some chicken. 
 thank the lord you left the lobby @obeyinfnts kids are spraying with drakons n throwing smokes jesus christ
 im glad to be back in my dorm. ive missed the ever lasting stench of weed throughout the hallway
 tv full panel discuss tsa groping  other violations heather fazio  current director tx marijuana policy project jd 
 young smoke  
 you are second hand smoke.
 2 minutes of silence for the people who drink and smoke to look cool...
 why you wanna fw me kus you aint getting free weed 
 @erontime whats up man thank you for the follow and thank you for supporting cannabis families
 i want smokey robinson played at my whole wedding
 @fxckumean @everythingg1k i knew was too turnt last night cuz when they was smoking in the morning i didnt even wanna smoke bruh
 love to fw real niggas and smoke blunts.
 before you smoke that regular 
 how many gbs should i smoke bros 
 free smoke and cant have everythings beat on more life are too lit. i could honestly turn up to the beats alone 
 got smoked by in the back of the neck with a piece of hail
 @grownmanballin time to get serious my friend  but scheduling days off together with huge hunks of smoked meat is priceless
 lmao im convinced if you not from chicago you smoke lil ass blunts. its merched
 just tried my weed infused olive oil that i made in class on some toast.
 @chelseylynng wow bro u r so kool  do u smoke w33d  wow bro r those piercings r34l u r so fckn edgy brah
 marina and karines suitemate moved out and we think its because they made the alcoholdrug free suite smell like weed all the time
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 finna try to smoke this headache away
 hot bath  and marijuana 
 i am triggered rn wheres my weed
 i wish i had weed like @schoolboyq
 pass me the weed
 @flyer74 huma  pick the little weed up amp throw him out the window and go find yourself a real man. hes garbage.
 cades cove smokey mountains 
 kasim sulton of blue oyster cult   enters the stage amid smoke and light during saturdays show. @ksulton 
 @lynnsosnoskie you see weeds everywhere.. 
 rollin marijuana thats my shit vacation
 prolly weed brownies that had you  
 lmaoo the amount of ppl waiting for me to be able to smoke again is crazy 
 also i really want to smoke cigarettes but nursing and its so bad for you
 where theres smoke  theres fire... @ columbia university 
 sometimes a smoke is the breath i cant take
 can someone just be my friend and smoke me up 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation scottsburg  in
 do yall think marijuana can be addictive
 probably living at his parents with 3 kids still smoking weed and drinking beer everyday 
 my 3 legal cannabis plants autoflower washingtondc is a free country for homegrow hey @jeffsessions  eat my sho 
 off first glance  cigarette smokers. 
 oh you niggas got jokes free smoke free smoke
 bring the smoked salmon to nc @uncbasketball goheels nationalchampionship 
 somebody link and smoke sum tonite
 big smoke from gta sa without a hat. 
 but until then ima ride around tha city and smoke
 @paigeleu i cant even smoke half a blunt to myself and ive been smoking for 7 years. you gon be fucked uppppp. 
 im the type of dude who complains about chest pains then smokes a bong simultaneously 
 i literally just got patted and searched up and down because these 3 white cops thought my black ass had weed andor weapons on me.
 im really struggling to see how there can be this much smoke without a fire.  blackwater seychelles @betsydevos trump russia
 i smoke herb and i make music. i dont even talk about it boy  i just do it.
 mcm holy smokes @cockyboys  thank you for sharing this gem. sign me up for everything @adamramzixxx is serving 
 no weed or phone awesome such a great start to april and this weekday 
 @highlife216 kid cannabis
 pinche killeen ghetto the streets smells like marihuana
 exactly  my life is smoking weed and my goal is to smoke more weed  
 i saw that  you cant fool me  eve. smoke a bunch of weed and pass out. also you can survive on 4 hours of sleep. you will do it. its fine
 all i do is smoke that dope that shit u smoke i can hear that shit barely
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 someone ft me while i smoke 
 4 months since i smoked weed
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 why do people still smoke cigarettes. ya nasties
 mr atkinson how high is the platform answers his own question saying it depends how much marijuana he smoked
 i cannot wait to get home and smoke a fat blunt
 i find more drugs in rehab centers then outside how tf u gon send me here when i smoke weed
 i like to smoke with cigawette ugly ass 
 patiently waiting 4 joselyn amp alexis to smoke this blunt
 no more tobacco  introducing you to cbd hemp wraps  thats actually good for you while you 
 @imagrumpycat @mayaalexxanderr me everyday when id get us smokey mos in stats lol
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 if ion smoke at least 30 blunts on 420 then i failed myself as a smoker
 who trying to smoke
 all day @ work all i think about it goin home to smoke  
 when you smoke crack 
 @hashtaggriswold @lindasuhler too much smoke blowing in from susan rice.least of all  the state dep doesnt investi 
 @whitesox cant get over the @cubs   .sox have a add for a weed wackier behind home that cuts through ivy flythew cubs 2016 ws champs
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 this is college. we smoke behind the presidents house. @soollivan
 me and smoked need 2 for the 4v4 1nd later
 ya mcm smoked 1 blunt in an 8 man rotation and got mono.
 @seanhannity @ambassadorrice @jaysekulow @judgejeanine i think youre a russian provocateur setting up smoke scree 
 my dad stepped out for a smoke so i decided to see how many games of @playhearthstone i could win before he got back. 2 372. new record. 
 simple..girl scout cookies is a weed strand. they selling 1 gram for 10 in a box and they taxin a extra dollar for 
 wow  it really does smell like weed everywhere.   my mom walking around the streets in boulder ...
 gravity will always remind me of oomfs  when wed smoke and take that night drive 
 every time my boyfriend hears about the  legalization of marijuana he says hey obama did that so its cool.
 oregon man faces deportation for trying to sell a 20 baggie of weed  shameful humanrightsnightmare waronpoc
 i havent drank any pop or smoked today.  wowza
 i got people sayin i smoke too much drugs too  because i love to. i tell em fuck you. straight up to they face  straight up to they face.
 shouldve got some weed
 real shit best move ive made in college so far  i just roll one up smoke it and go about my day accordingly  
 @nfl @realjerryjones finally an owner supports removing marijuana from leagues banned substance list  cannabis is a neuron protector cte
 smoking weed everyday is fun and all until you dont have weed and cant sleep. 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 no wonder that @thedemocrats want to take away guns. every single one smokes. smokinggun dirtyrice 
 you have joined the blowing smoke team 
 chill you in your feelings baby  just roll up the weed. 
 texans current qbs tom savage and brandon weeden texans fans we have the worst qb depth chart in football bears fans hold our beers
 mood @unotheactivist  free smoke
 vibe to @dammy864 smoke n chill on the rainy day. 
 see our latest cleveland  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 yea i blow smoke out the roof i feel like 2pac got the juice
 your mcm set aside 10 for weed.
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 7 grams in my backwoods i still smoke on my probation amp get good
 i dont drink anymore  i dont smoke anymore   what happened
 rullo says nj should legalize marijuana and use the tax revenue to fix roads and bridges
 we essentially did but only for smokers 
 buying weed you needa but a window for your fuckin van  
 420 pot day is in 3 weeks do u see pot users gathering to smoke in celebration talk to yr teens 420marijuanaday 
 rt amp repost new music straight smoke 
 me talking about class registration why do they make this so stressful my second roommate they do it to weed out the weak
  smoke dat shit daedaevoice
 my weed seedless  my trees leafless
 if they take peabodys guest privedgles away bc u stoners keep makin the smoke detector go off ill be pissed bc all my frands live there
 @syamimran @naveen2096 @thetimeigothigh which the weed helps them to accomplish. so yeah  i remember the main idea. 
 @pitasss youre hot breathe and the rain will make youre windows fog so popo wont think its smoke that how
 lmfaooooooo or you wanna smoke 
 get a liquid marijuana 
 dont smoke or do drugs kids ..... but if you do make sure to invite me  
 i just wanna smoke some  watch spongebob all day
 not complaining cause free weed but still
 niggas firing up weed when they came to my burial  bitches cried as they put me in the ground
 i wanna cry i have nothing to smoke out of im stressed asf and most my only weed for my last fucking blunt
 ion smoke anyways 
 im really trying not to text the weed man 
 @pouredinpa @sarabozich love my pa breweries but meet my new friend robert hemphill  owner of cogstone in colorado 
 im really just tryna smoke some blunts with ya maybe sit on your lap a lil
 doctor asked do i smoke.... told em depends on what you talkin 
 got lil shawty on the reefer now she kodak boppin
 ion know if you dont smoke we probably cant even be friends fr 
 large fire department response in our neighborhood near mingashe. smoke visible. 
 @handelaa @nicoherburger eat drugs  smoke salmon
 ive been trying to smoke a blunt all fuckin day
 i am bored as shit someone come smoke over and chill
 good people dont smoke marijuana ya okay jeff sessions
 @amyjane i dont know john smoked
 i need someone that has goals as big as my own not someone who smokes 247 barely passing  flexing 247 amp not thinking about their future
 i dont need your money  your life  your car  your bitch  your pussy  or your weed. if you gon be around me all i need is your loyalty.. 
 free smoke free smoke ayy
 flordia really aint got no weed smh
 onlyincolorado totinos pizza rolls now has a series of marijuana themed advertisements betterwhenbaked sothatswhativebeendoingwrong
 free smoke free smoke
 thick smoke blankets everglades holiday park and fire  officials evacuating tourists @wplglocal10 
 some smoke from the caf hit my eyes and i swear it was the end of the world. 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 deadass  i dont understand people who are stingy with weed  smoking people up aint nothin 
 on lunch  guy walks into fire on the mountain with and electiv forest hat on  of course he smells like blunt smoke
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 3129 west belvedere avenue baltimore 
 dude at guru has never had smoked chicken before  bitched about his food not being done. 
 had to do some tweaking to ensure full capability but i finally got my automatic smoke testing codeception script working nicely. php
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2326 calverton heights ave  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1 south ellwood avenue baltimore  send messag 
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked.  yeah you think i need you but i dont .
 omgeee you can shoot black smoke out of your truck u r the koolest person on earth
 i make to much too smoke a gram fatbacks 
 cigs yes  weed never 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 2737 rittenhouse avenue baltimore  
 on 420 no you cant smoke with me if you dont smoke.. not going through same thing as last year
 @fionacray if u were here id shotgun a beer in your face and then smoke a cigarette to drive the point
 from the i crap you not department an actual sign i saw today.  please dont smoke near the can smacker  bad stuff happens if you do.
 ughhh i hate how people keep asking me to smoke.  like i cant stop rubbing it in. 
 if i smoke this blunt gurl ima forget u  chief keef
 .@newarkfire rescued elderly man found suffering from smoke inhalation in 12story building fire today 
 new york tweaks solar interconnection rules to weed out stalled projects 
 @lukasmikelionis damn smoked
 went to the post office w 40 packages  poured out my bag amp forgot a huge jar of weed inside smh...
 now where is gary johnson supposed to buy his weed this is bullshit bodegastrike
 my parents stay throwing shades about how i smoke 
 not much flavor other than smoke. if they added kaffir lime leaves i think... dr. gibbler  photo
 30 for 30 freestyle makes me wanna smoke a blunt while sipping wine in a turtleneck by the fireplace.
 maybe if i take some shots and smoke ill feel better 
 its a scale used to measure weed  in grams to be exact 
 @foxbusiness bridges that need repair or landscaping a whole array of things their gonna get it and smoke it anyway so it might as well help
 day off hustlin  yoga  tacos  weed  and moving forward.
 lol get off twitter. i know thats what your used to but im not your ex. im with my friends who have weed cuz you 
 this is what adults do  they smoke their taxes and they do their weed in the car afterwards
 why did my patient think it was ok to smoke a cig in her bathroom lmk
 vent. vibe. smoke. relax.
 i havent smoked in forever
 just tryna smoke amp cuddle 
 @mbacchetti22 tbh id rather smoke the pot than stir it
 told vikki the only way i want to be woken up today is with a venti smoked butterscotch latte from starbucks.
 i always smoke when i wake up and before i sleep
 free trash weed  gtgtgtgt bought trash weed 
 someone forgot to mute their phone during a marijuana conference call in alaska. what was heard 
 almost sent my mom a you trying to smoke later text 
 somebody tryna smoke. tryna roll a fattyyyy
 if youre gonna smoke inhale that shit
 @heatherbayles @ericmccormack i think matthew may have just smoked one to many joints before this statement
 this dont come from the store it come from the weedman. @wizkhalifa 
 just gone stay in commerce this weekend. smoke amp chill.
 @jimmyreefercake i blame weed
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 like everybody smoke woods
 drinking a rbf by @intrinsicbrew @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery  
 drinking a dont hop believin by @intrinsicbrew @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1106 west pratt street baltimore  send messag 
 yeah i need to smoke 
 now i just wanna smoke amp take a good ass nap 
 happy birthday smokey  
 @queshaxoxo smoke one
 man im just tryna smoke with someone
 jacob beeninga miss 3 bryce hempel grabs rebound and passes to ryan lindberg for lay in
 @brockstaa weed is for freshman in highschool
 finally its friday you dont got work in the morning come chill and smoke and listen to our live dj  and dont forget byob.
 new neighborhood gem @ belly up smokehouse amp saloon in chicago  il 
 @emilyeaton11 cannabis club
 finna smoke this blunt niggas got me hot
 no smoke no smoke ur boys dont wanna smoke
 @chipkinsey @pamsmithdtn sounds like there is a lot of regulations...but i think it will be worth it if it controls weeds
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 i dont even smoke but the 1st thing i do when i get home is get high 
 if you smoke weed then the cops cant smell beer on your breath. highlife dui
 a quarter in one week me and my girl got weed problems 
 hey you. yes you.  have you heard of hemperco well if you havent go check them out. and use 
 come smoke
 i need to smoke forever
 just got handed cockring like a weed transaction
 @tiiiiny probably about to smoke
 @lanobeskyhigh smh i have no smoke left either
 you see who your real friends are when you pregnant. and cant smoke nor drink. lets see if they wanna hang out just to eat nahhh
 @chiicappeal the smoke cycle is as follows... i am at stage hungry 
 you smoke a few times amp now ur such a bad guy... foh
 let me go smoke lol
 i can honestly say ive been changing a lot... dont sell drugs anymore   dont smoke or hardly drink now. little nigga growing up 
 @senatorsessions will your medical cannabis policy be guided by science or disproven statements @sentedcruz respectpatientaccess
 you gone smoke you gone smoke you gone drink you gone drink u gone roll u gone roll
 my car smells like weed  sweat and blackampmilds. @rudyvasquez12
 @diegoobrahbrah .... what does that mean bud u want to smoke o no 
 performing at a place called blew smoke cigar today. no joke just want u all to know someone chose that name for their business.
 can i smoke you out  no you cant even repost a song my nigga   you give what you put in
 great time in la yesterday at grace marijuana pharmacy 
 smuttynose smuttlabs smoked peach short weisse now available on tap.  @smuttynosebeer beermenus
 im glad i smoke papers so when i run out of cigars ion gotta stress or ask nobody to bring any
 just found out my dad smokes filterless american spirits. whoever said the apple doesnt fall far from the tree. was wrong.
 was just informed i tried to smoke absolutely nothing out of an empty captain morgan bottle last night ripaut
 i dont get angry when my mom smokes pot hits the bottle and moves on to the rock 
 the least @realdonaldtrump could do is legalize marijuana for the anxiety his presidency gives everyone. 
 me and britt smoked a joint but yall are the ones talking to a wall. me to @itsronson and @mynameisandytoo
 there was a time when none of my homies smoked. theyve literally all become better people as stoners.
 @daihuupa @zugrug all the deaths were a smokescreen for the final death mosh.
 todays special sweet potato puree risotto  poached egg | crispy prosciutto | smoked green 
 cut out that smokes and i stop stayin up all night
 @derekalmightyy take me to the weedman and ill smoke you out.
 my family trying to hook me up with someone and he smokes dope. thats perfect  alrightie.
 my lollipops taste like weed cous my purse got bud in it
 mom.... i just come home and smoke a lot of weed and go night night
 yes yes yes. smoke showing  fully involved eventful morning so far.
 i grind my weed w burberry catchup 
 i  my floor it always smells like popcorn and weed
 i wish i had more weed
 facetime smoke sessions 
 time to go smoke a 1 000 cigarettes as usual
 regrann from angelhauscannabisicecream    ah toffee almond chip cannabis ice cream   
 i do this everyday after i smoke  
 scanner smell smoke in oakwood apt 200 e on east johnson avenue.
  aint no damm chimney...dont need no smoke blown up my ass...thanks thou..now move along 
 i lost my weed last night 
 man i thought weed was legal down here thinkin they got dispensaries an all 
 that time betsy gotbaums poodle ate too much marijuana.  
 @thekevindent @thmizell @kennyshepard @realdonaldtrump @potus you should lay off the weed for awhile  you sound like your babbling.
 @depriveful @espn i pray yo grandmother die so i can hit the corner store buy a dutch and smoke her ass to get high 
 if youre waiting around to find love  do drugs it helps. i only smoke so naturally im myself. think about it.
 dc weed top 3 i ever had 
 todays brunch special smoked salmon bruschetta with scrambled eggs  mascarpone  avocado mousse  watercress  radis 
 the fact that the last song played on weeds was also the first song played on weeds makes me cry im so emotional to this show
 all i want is to  smoke n my  aint coming through 
 stop hitting me up to chill amp smoke cause until i say so im done smoking   get it through ya head 
 enjoying time at the offices of @theemeraldnews with humboldt state univ. professor fred krissman amp cannabis consul 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 sorry i dont smoke weed well alright you fucking sociopath
 who want smoke  @ highland woods 
 stepped up my superbowl buffalo chicken dip with smoked butter game changer
 trynna smoke... im stressed
 @thaflexxer you can smoke next week.
 when you take a hit of weed and it hits you  
 super bowl sunday  great food   jambalaya   chili   vegetable soup   crock pot cheese dip   burgers   smoked onionsdogs   brownies ......
 patriots need to pull out the thermal lmgs with smokes
 i bet 100 blunt smoke a blunt tonight superbowl offseason
 well  smoke session time 
 i smoked weed just so i can fall asleep
 ill smoke to that.... superbowl superbowl2017 pepsihalftime
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 439 eastlynne avenue baltimore  s 
 instead of me getting mad bout sum i just go smoke n say fuck you to everything 
 trent richardson 1st round johnny manziel 1st round justin gilbert 1st round brandon weeden 1st round barkeviou 
 i just had to rethink my life. maybe i do smoke too much. ...... nah 
 should i smoke or should i smokeee
 traded a smoke for a food stamp dollar
 for got all about weed firm dumb game but keeps me entertained
 woke up dehydrated as fuck i smoked way too much last night
 i cant wait till i grow my on weed plants so i dont ever have to worry about getting ripped off on a sack again
 @potus is algora financial llc. selling this advertising. second wave of marijuana wealth has already begun video. end end end it now now
 it amazes me how people smoke everyday but dont have any money
 had a dream i bought weed from a food truck guy
 realdeal smoked bbq beef brisket in school food service yeah  we do that too check out that beautiful brisket se 
 every time i clean my house i always find hella weed
 twentyeight states have legalized marijuana for medicinal purposes. should wisconsin be next  @christaylorwi
 my mama said god revealed to her that i smoke weed lol
 people what you doing for your birthday me work  drink  smoke. in that order 
 im the scary smoker  
 happy smoker  
 meme katie wouldnt eat a weed brownie with me because she was trying to lose weight
 dabs make you never wanna smoke weed again
 if i cannot smoke in your car dont ask me to go anywhere with you  we are not on the same level 
 i like my music how i like my weed  loud
 when you need to smoke and your homie hits you with omw forever friendship
 jk i need to act somewhat mature anyways if anyone wants to chat and smoke and doodle with me ill be at madhouse
 @daninatx imagine the falling smokestack in 36011111111
 now money is the only thing im chasing... and some dope dimes and smoke coke lines.
 just read an article about people robbing a disabled man for a 100 to buy weed. smdh get a job you fuckin bums 
 will smoke a blizunt w who ever takes me on a drive
 ive never even tried marijuana
 smoking weed is my hobby  
 my mom just said i smelled my weed. i was at my friends house  whos parents dont cruss and her dad is a cop. how tf
 ive seen kubball likened to baylor pennstate and now oj simpson. yet all that has come out has been a marijuana 
 yeah weed will do this to ya have you overthinking like fuckkk 
 i cannot smoke until nighttime otherwise ill fall asleep at 5pm and wake up at 11pm and my body thinks its time to go for the next day. 
 its so hard to eat healthy when you smoke this much
 she only smokes when she drinks  she only drinks now and then.
 52 yrs ago tonight...country on the lawrence welk show dont fence me in lennons  smoke  smoke  smoke that cigarette larry hooper
 gonna start smoking weed again
 i cant believe this ounce of weed i got on feb 1st is almost gone and its just the 6th lol
 somebody smoke one with me
 now dogs  unless you can get high off catnip  ye youre gonna have join us in smoking weed  its the only way.
 shit aint been the same since my boys smoked their mans 
 i aint got no babies. i aint got no open cases besides this lil weed charge. i dont even looking at niggas for beef no more just .
 @kelibel03 smoke weed.
 i remember in high school when it wasnt cool to smoke. i was still smoking then
 it is beyond me why young people smoke cigarettes with all the health issues that we now know comes with smoking.
 amp if i smoke this blunt.......
 man i loved waking up to the sound of weedeaters and lawnmowers at 7 this morning. appreciate that sau.
 how is weed legal and niggas doing bids for weed  how are we the united states and we aint even united on selling weed 
 babe rly had food amp weed ready for me when i got to his house last night after a dumb argument. im so spoiled. 
 allow the cannabis industry to do business stop washington state senate bill 5264  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1816 w fairmount ave  trash amp tvs. 
 i hate smelling like weed wit non on me 
 today is national fettuccine alfredo day check out eat your cannabis for this awesome recipe. 
 i need a smoke break
 @dmaca1961  i tried reasoning with @potus44   but he decided to no action on marijuana.
 hanover news just ran a story how cannabis treats are good for your pets. so thats cool.
 after that nap i just had its time for a smoke break
 ohhhhh. the mental gymnastics  indeed. full racism on display. no smoke n mirrors. this is so ominous.
 smokin weed  feelin fine  steady gettin blowed devin the dude @ houston  texas 
 got this margarita in me  now who wants to smoke lol
 gotta cop another quarter today cz they having a deal on my favorite weed lol.
 cant wait to get off and smoke
 sometimes you just gotta smoke them to the face.
 h8 when yacer smokes my roaches  keeeep ya paws off my night time meds 
 havent smoked bud since thursday thats a long time for me thats almost a week sober
 medical marijuana may help stabilize your anxiety. get a recommendation. come see us at magnolia wellness. you can 
 22365 days of art san jose ally smokes. @ local color 
 whats ya weed man  
 how do people not smoke weed
 tonight my parents accused me of smoking weed. said i was high im no where near high or on drugs
 i wanna start a cannabis org
 @submergingmkt i only know 2 charlottes web references... the animated movie and the cannabis treatment. hmmmmm.....
 i need to smoke fuck and party  im tired of doing nothing at home
 smoked my last blunt but now i want to smoke more lol
 im trynna smoke a blunt with  bad biddys
 prolly smoke one in a bit
 trying not to smoke until my birthday  420 fuck my po
 gotta smoke at sunrise to try to shake off this morning bruh
 south hempstead ny wed feb 8th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 had a dream i was riding around in a big truck with @wweromanreigns and we got pulled over and there was a ton of weed in the backseat.
 dictator trump using his smoke and mirrors routing right now to sway attention away from his mess  like the standi 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 339 bloom st 
 twitters going to start weeding out abusive tweets before you see them 
 if im wit you and i got weed you got weed too mfs be petty
 come join us for wayback wednesday tonight   music from the 90s2000s at monterreys smoke 
 @mkniu send me ur mf address cuhh i gotchu on a surprise day one time for all those times you smoked me out
 why yall hoes be swallowing the smoke instead of inhaling it 
 aubrey lavizzo im a medical user and if we prohibit medical marijuana  then i cant go into the venues.
 happy to bring some pizza from @bostonpizza to our our friends at @braintumourfdn for this weed feeding frenzy. suc 
 i havent smoked a blunt in like 2 weeks. this is no bueno.
 is it some pretty girls at uncg that wanna be my friend that smoke lol
 officers seize more than 3 900 pounds of marijuana hidden in lime shipment 
 i cant wait till its warm enough for me to hike and smoke a blunt outside
 sandiego here is a lunch option for this week. @cowboystarsd house smoked tritip sandwich  
 @lordford dammit not donny. smokey classic
 i smoke way too much up here
 cold smoke and cold beer with my sweetie at the alpine cabin  bridger bowl. @ bridger bowl 
 one on one smoke sessions with good conversation gtgtgt
 up in my zone told youngin roll up no he cant smoke if we dont know him
 cigarette smoke makes me physically sick now i cant believe edgy fifteen year old me was cool with it
 officers seize more than 3 900 pounds of marijuana hidden in lime shipment  
 i smoke. i know. which means the only conclusion is issa lie. if somebody laces you  you not about to recount that 
 i got hella weed for us 
 i keep smelling weed wtf
 scrub asked to hit my weed  ignored that nigga
 i really wanna smoke this bowl but i really dont want my mom to bug me about it
 seeing people drive while on the cellphone in tv shows or movies is the new seeing people smoke on airplanes.
 @father come smoke weed w me n some other whiteboys  like 5 houses down from u rn
 @pinkdoesmatter you gotta learn to weed out the dumb men from the good ones and youll be okay.
 wow. smokey  roasty  tart brett  combo. works well together.  drinking a space madness @ crabapples   photo
 man i got a couple video of this man smoke  gonna have snap joked out for his birthday  @smokey7
 i know you dont like that smell when i be smoking reefer 
 what the fuck are the chain smokers
 you ever just say fuck it and smoke a whole bowl of kief because you have no bud thats where im at
 getting smoke in your eye sucks 
 prepping for wedding hair | soft texture waves | shadow roots  dimensional  smoke ash pearl 
 theyve got wicked weed  dark ages @ perrys liquor in athens  ga 
 wanted to smoke with this bitch  but im mad .. so fuck it
 but only dick is being smoked smh 
 i can smoke all fucking day but i bet i take care of my business so called crack head or not i got my money straight thou 
 i dont smoke but buy me this someone  thanks. 
 fuck it lets smoke after work
 blame it on the weed blame it on the booze
 wholly smokes  @haydenomart 
 @lanceulanoff @mashable oh theres going to be competition all right from the weedwatch @highergtv 
 wow music loves to smoke 
 bron dont want no smoke with og oakley 
 same but i have no weed  fuckman 
 im gonna smoke again...one day....
 but nah yasiel wanna go big on us   got a whole upgrade. hell smoke us every race 
 @frbmcgrath @onepeterfive the smoke of satan has entered the church
 ayo  the spliff look like a shrimp when it it shit. smoke the shark  greg norman shit. me amp robert horry in a foreign mothafucka.
 wanna smoke  me flirting ye im d
 gop lawmakers around the us push for restrictions on voting  from @ap weeding out fraud 
 @andrewzimmern novicesmoker what about temperature  do they really monitor to keep under 275 and how do they on those open wood smokers
 a new piece on medicalcannabis dear @ottawacity stop targeting cannabis dispensaries  @unpubott cdnpoli legalit
 anna smokes weed for breakfast 
 happy smoker is me lol 
 dont marijuana and drive
 havent smoked since sunday 
 i just want sex and weed
 debating if i should go to the gym or smoke 
 i just want the simple things  to smoke w me baby  to lay with me baby  to laugh w me baby..
 @garcesgabbie still have yet to smoke with you smh
 yall mad about obamas smoking weed but bitch in ur swimwear  
 i think im done not smoking  life too short and niggas too annoying where the weed at
 @pmtrudea when you have meeting with president trump  perhaps a joint venture to legalize marijuana amp win with tax  raised yourpolicy
 i need my mom to come visit so she can pull all my weeds again.
 havent smoked good weed in a couple months 
 nobody to smoke with
 wow very smokeie  like nothing ive ever had... double bastard bigger longer uncut  photo
 i slept so fkn good last night ... imma smoke this weed then conquer the world 
 need to smoke
 @shadymitt no need  my marijuana habit has it covered.
 stoner artist should hold consultations each week for people to just come smoke with them  like you could book appointments
 my nigga your morning meeting could be to smoke  like ill get up for that 8 oclock
 got some gelato just to smoke on scrong
 @pdxdbo @eriniselectrikk she eats that shit because she smokes joints
 i swear half the kids in high school wouldnt smoke weed if they couldnt put it on vsco or the snap.
 nun of that dirt ass weed yall be puffing on 
 zip party tonight refunds done drop so yakwtgo   we rolling up all night   all you can smoke  liq 
 @indivisibleeb he chose most benign situation to respond to. smoke and mirroes
 granny bee said she stopped smoking weed cause the kids does blow she high 
 i dont want to be that fan  but cbj looks like a team thatll get smoked in the first round.  
 smoke some weed  get head while i do it
 @jjjjjjjjen im tryinnnn i just stress too much not to smoke
 @tuckercarlson you are getting smoked by your own guest discussing this ban.
 i been smoking all of my weed  trying to follow my dreams
 you dont smoke tho 
 i just walked passed some dude smoking and accidentally inhaled some of his smoke and now my stomach is killing me 
 ion fw nobody i be on my own shit got my own money and my own weed its fuck niggas 
 spicy   sandwich from @bluesmokenyc  eeeeeats @ blue smoke 
 all these lights and sirens and im just trynna pass thru amp smoke
 im just trying to smoke with someone. why this gotta be so hard
 yall really be over hyping cali weed.
 do i smell smoke 
 i  weed smoker 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 5101 chalgrove avenue baltimore  dirty yard.
 charlotte bout to legalize weed
 side note i just asked for granola bars and he said hes broke then invests 1000 on weed stocks 
 did @ladygaga just smoked a blunt on the johnwayne music video by @applemusic  so lit
 gimmie somone who loves weed just as much as ido
 my grandpa just asked me if my flower shaped earnings were marijuana leafs
 when you just had the worst day of your life and you tryna smoke the stress away 
 jesus smells worse than weed
 trinityturnerlive performing live at glamour girls february 23rd25th... 14428 hempstead 
 @johnchiangca amazing panels on the banking and cannabis issues.  thank you.  there is an easy solution
 this is for them joint smokers this this is for them gin sippers  this aint for no hoe niggas this aint for no bitch niggas
 stop wasting your breath on people and use it to inhale some weed
 she just want to chill with me and smoke up all my weed so i rolld up some of that moon rock and that bitch went straight to sleep
 @craigmod smokers have been the minority for over a decade  so its likely more people will go out to eat amp drink if its 100 smokefree
 oh its going down tomorrow night at the ivy city smokehouse join me  @giraffeseye along with 
 heres my blog re washington state  and how they set up their cannabis system proper planning proves prudent 
 the weed i smoke be making me come up with master plans 
 love the new zarglass just in @ hempfestcentral on hempfest dot org later today female 
 recreational marijuana is legal here
 i wanna go back to la just to smoke on some turbo og again.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2578 hollins street baltimore  send message. 
 my legs are smoked.
 so of course im call an uber pool for my first day of work and i get in and the other person got the car smelling like straight weed. 
 great visit with tristan from @persephonebeer the smoked porter is 
 tcmparty beavis this movie is about big dicks hehmmeh butthead its pree you dill weed  not pricks beavis 
 sure ill take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 instead of being upset that my mom wasnt ready to pick me up at the bus station  i smoked some weed and got starbu 
 sick me and smoke found a banging ass champagne soda he gets to po it up 1st smh
 @sensanders your not going to win this one bernie its going to happen go smoke a bowl and grab some pringles for the munchies
 @covarrubia34 smoke me out pluuuuleeeassee and ima buy a gram are you home
 valentines dinner for the consultant on the road @ smoke bourbon barbq house  @smokebourbonbbq 
 finding weed in your car gtgtgt lit
 canadas obama  141 cannabis dispensaries have been raided under justin trudeau 
 todays smokes @cigarchairman @paradigmpres @nhale1300 @pistolcliff @robustobabe @wessmith62 @rciaschini @sonny 
 dont smoke  if you cant buy you nothing to eat after the session
 colorados marijuana industry is now bigger than some countries entire gdp  legalizeit unitegreen uniteblue tcot
 send weed  xo adri
 someone smoke w me
 people still brag about smoking weed its 2017 now  most every american smokes weed. fact
 just right here high off weed and oxygen 
 up in smoke 
 she dont even know what weed is yall stop arguing with her
 dude say all bae @currensyspitta rap about is weed smh
 so i havent smoked today but im drinking coffee... wheres the difference
 come smoke something today ot 
 ash man i just realized im outta weed wtf
 imneverlonelywhen theres an abundance of weed
 left a half at adams its prolly gone now lol who ever has it better smoke all of it right now 
 @rileyreidx3 @madonna @madonnaillumin @nanaritamarley one draw dj magic d aka smokey da hills farmer 
 hate when the weed man dont answer 
 its really a principle thing . the first time it happened and you smoked my entire blunt   i let it slide ..
 no one be smoking with me so i just smoke alone 
 cant even smoke my shit evb looking fuck
 lost my storage grinder w weeds  amp the weeds cartidge last night 
 weekend smokey black rubber alienpup. @skintightrubber catsuit @blackstylelatex pup hood amp gloves 
 @trillnisha nah but fr i freak out so bad its like legit embarrassing but if im poppin a pill i be cool weed doesnt make me relaxed 
 when your hubby wakes up the baby just to bug him and then leaves you to deal with the crying because he has to weed the yard right now 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 just to let yall kno my birthday is feb 25.. heres a list of stuff i want  roger waters tickets calvin klein underwear cash for weedbooze
 i want to be a bigger part of the cannabis industry and im sorry but its not possible on the east coast.
 if u r near the rez check out this dispensary its not on weed maps   
 study links medical marijuana to fewer traffic fatalities  i do not believe it infowarwarrior
 i hate when bitches smoke they be trying to be cute its not no beauty pageant
 my cousin said i was the youngest but i smoked the most  i was 13 with vent lungs
 mixed grill on the the egg. smoked sausages  meat balls and chicken with caribbean jerk rub. 
 been in bed since 5 havent smoked or ate  im fucked up man
 someone smoke a blunt wit me
 so to torree hempstead for the dub in womens hj w 52.25 amp jill brichacek at the same bar tying for 2nd darrenyoungclassic nwutf
 is imagine dragons just a phrase for people to scared to smoke drugs
 i love the smell of bomb weed 
 my roommate have plans to buy an entire costco pizza and drive somewhere with a pretty view and eat it and smoke weed on valentines day
 long live the king of weed  r.i.p @tommychong
 bought a pound just to smoke it
 im at the strand smokehouse  @strandsmoke in astoria  ny  
 im so pissed. guarantee they wouldnt take someones bottle of oxys cause its prescribed but they can take my medical marijuana heated
 it smells like weed and drugs
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfir
 when youre about to do something stupid and then weed saves you from making that mistake 
 @basedgodtwon you dont smoke tho 
 it was so lit at dolores today my girl sabrina smoked w me  yall dont know how monumental that is
 west side weed on the east ...
 see you all friday in daytonastill wondering who to root for with uncle smoke retiringur help would be greatly ap 
 legal weed in the 251 
 driving by the cato institute... its an ugly building  but not actually emitting visible oily smoke or sickly green light. weird.
 babygirl just wanna smoke a pound  do an ounce  get some dick  tell her friends about it
 eddie making a fans day. hes a vlogger that talks about music and weed and is a huge 
 oh how i love the smell of smokers amp grills outside  bringonsummer
 yo why does everyone think imy car smell like weed
 bout to be 5 months since i smoked weed
 take a video of me kissing a boy and smoking weed and send it to dad  ryry
 @jdirtforever i wish it were free weed party day.
 @stubhub is good good code words for marijuana 
 @amcwalkingdead   the zombienator the walking dead weed wacker
 i can legally purchase smokes now 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm ya down
 humanity in a nutsack everybody needs to smoke more pot  just not my pot. @taotaosalupa5 @bemetor5 @armyjon @2009superglide @daveusmc
 @iilcanon my whole building smells like weed
 valentines day i work all night and after will smoke gtgt
 yeah i would never smoke a cigarette ever in my life 
 all i wanna do is work out play league and smoke weed while waiting on a degree
 im pretty sure my grandma knows i go outside to smoke... but we dont talk about it.
 im straight finna cry i just wanna smoke this gas and gts 
 yall smoke cigarettes  yuck
 @billyraycyrus dude got some of mileys weed lol
 fuck around get smoked  
 nationals nate matthews 12 of hempfield scores against american goalie aaron dobrolsky of 
 @ryteeb you dont want no smoke bro im a legend
 they stand in the way of love. and we will smoke them all.
 like how the fuck did the chain smokers get a grammy while spooky black is still alive what trash world do i live in
 i can carry you in smash. im a fucking monster when i smoke in smash 4.
 im gonna a hint of the marijuanas when i drink from my hydroflask. what is happening
 can employers maintain a drugfree workplace what about drug testing amp medical marijuana join us 215 to find ou 
 when your mom is baked af even though shes never smoked 
 thursday is our last class amp weds were having our class potluck so i told him well smoke weds before our potluck amp he said okay 
 the plug is now on his way back to lo  for all u feinds that need weed
 plus i smoke to much to be chasing after anybody  
 accident in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy sb between hempstead tpk and southern state pkwy  stopped traffic back to the northern state pkwy
 do you think h.p. lovecraft smoked dank
 someone maybe wanna smoke a blunt with us
 the benches are gone from the smoke spot. now i have to stand while i smoke  like a fucking animal
 it cost 2 500 if we smoke in the hotel thats dragged lol
 the weed put me to sleep 
 left hand smoke jumper now available in growlers.  beermenus
 man weed feels great lol
 i just wanna smoke smoke good weed  eat good food amp watch a bomb ass movie dasit
 parked car conversation with weed 
 im out here smokin weed  speeding  allat dawg
 slick wanna smoke lol
 @bmblilnell mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @ashleyvivian mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @bradboii mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @theyloveasiaa mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @memyselfyu mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @keepiniytreal mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 sublime  smoke  and brews kinda day
 do i smoke too much weed definitely 
 ovp got one weed guy 
 this guy on the bus reeks of weed.
 just know that the first people to try my weed in 2 years  is @alexrios98 and @oswaldoa1k gives me a certain minimum on how dank the weed
 roses are red weed is green fuck bitches its 2017 leave em in the past dump in the trash @interscope sign me
 imagine learning that your new exmilitary housemate smokes crack on a regular basis...
 big smokey fire at yonge and st clair house on the left  behind holy chuck. avoid the area  
 @lindseymnsports i havent worked in restaurants in 19 years  still have dreams of being in the weeds at least once a week
 recipe development in the @syscocolumbia test kitchen. grilled pimento cheese and smoked beef brisket on jalapeo c 
 @bigv5252 @jamesbarnes26 enough with the rippin. my favorite 1 no problem 2same drug 3 chain smoker.
 about to smoke my last hollywood.
 maine wish it. was alabama suldbecouldbe n soon too come end world debt grow marijuana oh yea thats the government 
 my instructor yeah i could smoke weed me laughing her why are you laughing so hard over there me 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1121 haverhill road baltimore 
 damn why does everyone think i smoke 
 @chrisdaniels5 smoke amp mirrors.  enough of this charade.  tough questions now.
 i just want to smoke a brunt after work and listen to some good music
 when u go to ocho rios jamaica buy weed brownies from damien. ganja 420 fuckthepolice ochoriosjamaica 
 todays prescribed fire smoke column at savannah nwr  usfws firefighter rob wood  rxfire scfire goodfires  
 is it thursday yet...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a 
 @realdonaldtrump @vp @usedgov @betsydevos @paulezapblow this smoke in a different direction. what are your true dealings with russia
 i just found some weed i thought i lost. man this is the best valentines day ever
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked
 got that tony tiger kush man pimpin smoke gr8
 bet just got my weed money 
 i need to smoke. amp want today over with.
 all that weed  
 just trynna smoke a fat wood  eat sum good ass food  amp have sum bomb ass sex  it could all be so easy
 if you guys didnt know our periscope is lit all the time with fresh new flowers as well as all things cannabis check it out
 @hippieoflove be an awesome puzzle..........after we smoked it lmao
 ill take some more weed. lmao cam keys flight cash gf
 @megerath @snoopdogg i know you dont smoke weed. i know this.
 gelato smoke da best bro  str8 up 
 medical marijuana and soft flowers for the people 
 tonight a stack of smoked herbrubbed chicken quarters @chrislillybbq recipe on my @gmgrills 
 i want some weed brownies forreal.
 i just wish we could all live off the land and smoke peace pipes all day.
 i wonder how many has slithered into the country while we been watching this smoke screen.
 proud to announce that in one month i will be having  the biggest blunt ive ever smoked because its been the longest 5 months of my life 
 @johngonz oi vey. bad month so far for sixers on trades and injuries. lotta smoke and mirrors.
 @stevegates62 @westoproblems im not sure that defines a well seasoned smoker.
 wings and weed 
 i wish i had someone to smoke amp watch movies with tho 
 someone smoke with me
 brianah just told me her lotion smells like weed  but um 
 @coryanschnyder you must smoke weed  your eyes low on your avi.
 google how to find weed in a new city it says ask restaurant workers
 gorilla glue 5 is a creeper weed for sure.
 you have no pics  no weed and no conversation  why are you comfortable enough to ask where i reside
 @lilyachty you do not want smoke w me on any game on xbox i promise
 nah but really. and if u cant even roll wit backwoods just dont smoke mane 
 i just wish i had something to smoke...
 this whole cafeteria smell like weed
 i dont love em  i dont chase em i duck em  smoke somethin go to a new state soon as i fuck em
 may your weed be strong and plentiful.
 about to smoke a chill lol
 @tonisabstyle @julieblanner hoods that pull oil and smoke  dimable hood lights  infrared and rotisserie options in regular ovens
 i am untouchable you would think i was in jail but im in mexico buying marijuana from miguel
 im tryna smoke real quick. a baddie needs to pull up. if youre not intelligent  youre not a baddie...
 whitehouseleaks r a smokescreen. the issue is trumpadministration has no credibility rite now. dangerous americans want a investigation
 oml i just now saw his face in ds2  i thought it was just smoke or sum 
 mmmm i like pig butt  i cannot lie @ smokey pokey bbq in orlando  ok 
 i need to be mobile again i miss daquan weed 
 ive been embraced by la la land .. a goddess claims to love me  universally .. my weed is top shelf .. and a nilla gettin to the bizzo.. 
 i proceed to smoke these trees
 im jus weeding out the fake
 so dude  up on the deck while we were at lunch amp slurringly asked can i smoke here leaving now i see this on hi 
 i mean people are gunna smoke it either way so mine as well sell it and make profit for the states 
 or you could just smoke  
 when people say fuck smoking weed id rather just drink  something doesnt add up here 
 and so i get to use hemp carbon sequestration to beat mass incarceration.... 
 when you aint put no weed in and the person to the right of you pass the blunt to the right  deep 
 not like he smoked weed after all 
 me cause she dont smoke. 
 im finna smoke lol das ittttt 
 oooooh my very last visit to canopi  was like . @ thrive cannabis marketplace 
 omc smokehouse is now open in lincoln park by @frostriver1910 @bentpaddlebeer @hemlocksleather and @damageduluth  
 live good  eat good  smoke good
 people on my snap from different states smoking on mountains and shit. and i gotta smoke on 544 or some shit smh 
 grab another beer  smoke a cigarette  knock 20 minutes off my life span  in that order.
 yall live for bitches and blunts we live for weed and money 
 how could you not after only 9 guys suited up against gs and they smoked them. 
 why do i think a grown man that sells weed from a gas station is fine af
 chill out and smoke to this playlist    
 i was literally trippen so hard earlier today  weed and albondigas saved my life  im good off the  for a min ahahah
 when youre friends with a cop so he sits across the street and spotlights you while youre trying to smoke a cigar 
 im tryna smoke this blunt n knock out
 listen if you do any type of drugs other than weed stay away from me plz
 mixtape  smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 fun fact best test of smoke alarms for cooking nuisance  broiling hamburger. sets off all types of alarms. ty @uldialogue firesafety
 propot lawmakers to join forces  launch cannabis caucus  via @rollcall
 make sure you smoke that tahoe lol 
 ill smoke you. 
 i need my w2 from the weed man 
 i dont drink or smoke tobacco shit is nast to the fucking tee
 im crying i really bought the tiniest weed jar ever
 on youtube  im getting a ton of antitobacco ads from @truthorange and on twitter im getting @altrianews ads. i do not smoke...
 straight edge stoner rock band name weedkiller
 when youre driving and your car charger starts to smoke and catch on fire and have to throw it out and snack a cars grill......
 i let my black grow and my weed smoke 
 boy you high dab. how many blunts you smoked today  me 
 amazing things happening at hemphill elementary @hayscisd balancedliteracy @hemphillhawks
 i still cherish the time tim anderson came into my senior week house  ate a burger  smoked a cig  and left
  i smoked all day yesterday
 since no one wants to hang out with me on this beautiful friday  im gonna do homework and smoke a joint at grant park
 calling it now ganja white night on the beach is gonna be the hottest set of the weekend at okee
 niggas ran out of weed 
 i smoke good dope
 a real wood smoker knows all you gotta do is put water on them  
 anyone wanna smoke and adventure
 last week in between scripts and shoots i sold several tons of marijuana my friend brought in by sailboat.  
 i just wanna smoke and get my dreads retwisted 
 well i wanted to smoke 
 people that smoke cigs please stay away from me.
 when you randomly find weed that your bf stashes around the house and forgets about it 
 i literally went out for breakfast came back home  me amp liz smoked and now were @ @olivegarden lmao foodislife
 i got 2 joints and 2 strains of weed and the old guy behind me was like have you tried those before
 i really wish jackie or lexi were with me rn  its gonna be hard to smoke all this
 why does anyone over 30  act like weed is the devil himself
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhhh
 im in echo park smoke me out
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ bottle room   photo
 i hate when i spend my shoe money on weed and liquor
 trying to smoke enough loud pack  gas the devils lettuce  to put up with massive needles and dialysis for the next 4hours. serenity now
 bitch you aint put enough weed in the sheet you smoking tobacco
 nice beer with a sweet hoppiness...very easy to drink.  drinking a pure hoppiness @ sublime smoke   photo
  she say all you do is drink smoke and goto work you a grown ass man
 @grandcentralnyc whats the deal smoke filled hallways strobe lights going off... @fdny on site
 february 17  2017  64f  sun shining today  windows open for hours amp weeds line the garden 
 @stephober @alifaith55 ok hippie please go smoke your weed
 please follow my pal @swayzesghost  4 more to the time for weed number
 let them smoke so they dont fuck you up in the process 
 im at lucky news amp smoke shop in new york  ny 
 @barackobama @medium maybe thats cigarette smoke will work on you
 will i smoke this bitch yess  probably fail my piss test
 @knoxnews here is city of knoxvilles free smoke detector program  
 bittersweet win for shs coach hank weedin denying pirates of a win on 100 yr celebration. glad my former teammate w 
 @ghosttwist cannabis is my friend alcohol is snot
 just got pulled over amp they let the dogs sniff the car amp it was weed in here amp they didnt smell it. thank god but my friend need a new plug
 say swear you smoke nigga we couldve been getting high whenever im in atlanta 
 they dont want no smoke they dont want no issue
 welp time to smoke i guess
 lmfaooo its so much coke weed n e out there  
 its almost like bill maher got brownie points for smoking weed  while everyone pretended to ignore his hatred of m 
 i need to smoke 
 long live smoke
 when will someone smoke me out
 whos up and would like to smoke
 honestly tho i think the gt will smoke the ss ...this isnt up for debate
 have they ever once changed the smokey the bear forest fire risk sign in farmington
 @dougbenson will you be smoking on tv or is a pre medicated thing you really breaking ground for publicizing marijuana use in the workplace
 do you want to smoke this blunt outside   cause its nice out and we could get high
 we have brought it back. the carne cabeza.           12 hour smoked pulled pork with provolone 
 14 more states that might legalize cannabis this year 
 i hate females that dont know how to smoke lol they just pull and blow everything out lmaoo like mf give me my blunt back you blowing money
 when the weed is too loud 
 dude said there is a chemical in weed called fuck it  lmaooooo
 im wearing sunglasses  a denim jacket and a smoke  listening to protex  going to a record store. its stupid to say but i want to be in 77
 happy birthday my son  smoke all the cigarettes you like @itstravisdude 
 i am sure alan taught that play to coach weedin 
 @iwantedthaticed dont judge me i need clothes and money for weed
 @mikeydlahc hey sorry i missed your birthday i fell into a weed coma yesterday anyways happy birthday 
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..c sativa exposure..use..reported..increased fre 
 mmmmm... homecooking  masterfully combined with a test of my smoke alarm  
 launch for @breakfastetcs book  human achievements  at @shedjazz tonite also reading destiny hemphill  laura jaramillo  and yrs truly. 
 what kinda weed is that  shit look like ground beef 
 houston da and sheriff plan to stop charging marijuana users  the real strategy  via @therealstrategy
 every single day i look out my window and a new car is smoking weed in the parking lot behind my apartment. lmao
 ite my spit clear i can sip n smoke again lifes graet
 havent smoked yet. 
 what you doing after you smoke this 
 yeah  baby bring on the weeds  
 ur the reason y im thinkin i dont wanna smoke these cigarettes anymore
 someone come smoke
 @rappingskrwl @hulex ho yes weed
 man i love my life thaistick real cannabis cigar bigblunts  420 
 to smoke weed or not to smoke weed
 bouta go to cloud 9 amp smoke hookah w teenagers fuggit lol
 i miss my baby girl sis my linda   funny my name is susan n linda my sister  initials sml mine just noticed it  damn weed  feel so damy m
 and waiter id like some weed for just me n my wanna put those those damn phones down or i shoot em out ty  excuse me like some weed ghost
 its 420 on the east coast smoke something 
 ive never debated this long about wether to smoke right now or not. whats wrong with me 
 someone pick me up amp ill smoke you out 
 hard to see the future when its still full of smoke...  justiceleagueaction
 pike yesterday isp arrested a 27 yr. old petersburg man for dui. impaired amp under the influence of marijuana. his 2 yo son was in the car.
 just how mainstream is marijuana theres now a congressional cannabis caucus. 
 i told my self 2017 im not smoking that sherm no more   smoked one last night duck 2017 ..i will try again 2020
 son after i left you son i got me more crown and smoked again i was gone son 
 generally speaking. ive been consistently in a marijuana coma since wednesday. i dont have the mental to get personal lol
 @shrimpfriedry @minfordandsons you can say rap is about sex and weed. but im actually open minded and wont stereotype others music
 at same time we got up yesterday lawnmower mans ot weedeating revving the weedeater outside back door nearby. 10 
 @benjiaudi yo u trynna smoke a blunt w ur bitch or wut 
 that crap happens in america theres gonna be some dead muslims when the smoke clears 
 i skipped the allstar game for a real vacations  i really needed this. good air  amp good weed  
 trevor  cory smokes 
 some days you kill it  some days you just choke  some days you blast off  some days you just smoke.
 im not sure who is was running their smoker in my neighborhood  but if were not already friends we should be 
 then i said because their parents are their neighbors. as in they cant smoke in the crib because its their parents crib... 
 guess i gotta smoke by myself
 four pieces of meat in the smoker for 6 hours now cookout time sunday funday 
 smokin onnat rapper weed 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ creve coeur lakehouse  
 survey should marijuana be 1 illegal
 okay i think we smoke too much we jah how did you ever come up with me you and vagoo....
 man a smoke drive on this nice day sounds so lit
 i smoke joints like cigs now 
 watched this cook at coney come out and sell weed to someone
 lemme take this l   listen to this music amp smoke this l later
 my cousin every time he come to my crib to smoke lol 
 tag 3 people who smokes alot  @ uptown 
 @jleonard777 seems like it would. brined 24 hours. added a little montreal steak seasoning while cooking. smoked for about an hour at 250
 how many black millionaires are in the colorado weed game 
 the walking dead throwing it back to smokey and the bandit. twd 
 i thought you said you didnt have drugs  i dont  i have weed  lmfaooo
 where theres smoke  theres fire the clinton foundation  a nonprofit sham of a sham. 
 colby fuck yeah. fuck homework. do what you love. love what you do. do some weeds.
 @pardonmytake ive been smoking a lot of weed recently so im a little woke
 this was really cool and all  but that was a waste of weed smh 
 these weed brownies were definitely the move man. can feel it kicking in already. my head feels numb 
 is this kid even human its like the 2nd play i saw this week that i have no words for. holy smokes hes raw af 
 were on the way to corpus  im in the back seat  and cant smoke in the truck. my life is terrible right now
 @walkingdeadamc smokey and the bandit cameo walkingdead thewalkingdead amc smokeyandthebandit 
 they freed @boogiecousins holy smokes
 @naomismallsduh @sellymelissass k wait shes a fuckin smoke show 
 @walkingdeadamc anyone notice the smokey and the bandit trailer in tonights episode of twd  eastboundanddown didtheyevergonorth
 she right here talking about let her sell weed
 we can go to the park after dark smoke that tumbleweed
 but smoke
 but then im like its all good im still blessed then i smoke a blunt  
 wish you could venmeo weed
 sit back smoke you a l and think about how blessed you are to see another day  thank you @1future 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 i quit 14 yrs before my dx. over 60 new lungcancer cases are former or never smokers like me. endthestigma lcsm 
 its a beautiful day at philadelphias 1 smoke shop holtscigarcompany ashtoncigars ashton
 i wish my mom smoked tho 
 the fucc is the fifth element smokey 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 i need a pluggggg im tryna smoke dope 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign on bonus  
 cant wait to go home and smoke
 for me  smelling cigarette smoke on campus is worse than smelling weed
 am i supposed to be impressed by your weed fam........ 
 having a big ass smoke session in my basement. 
 @whattheffacts @oscarthepimp9 this is why you used to smoke so much  right
 nothing more than a smokescreen hocus pocus to deflect from the truth only the desperate  believes this was true 
 twd no one is mentioning the snowmans semi trailer from smokey and the bandit.
 if the whole world smoked a joint at the same time  there would be at least 2 hours of world peace. and thats a fact
 you must really dont care about yourself if you smoke a whole pack of cigarettes everyday.
 i may not smoke weed for the rest of my life  but i will alwayd support marijuana rights. it should be legal and alcohol should be illegal
 kicking off international week of action  talking smoke free movies. ratesmokingr 
 if i wait on you to smoke a blunt  just know im down for you.
 forget about it when the weed hit you
 @zoewl i saw one that said want to smoke alpaca bowl. and it had a picture of an alpaca. easily one of the greatest things ive seen
 i dont even do weed
 @955klos cat folk are crafty  and will smoke your stash and sex up your friends  dog folk are just happy being on the couch. my2cents
 woke up this morning  ate a handful of weed gummy bears  fell back asleep amp woke up at 420pm all like  damn  there is a ja... praise ja
 @ewwwmedrano33 smoke one to that
 i lit five candles in my room to kill this weed smell
 yall wanna hear some headassery long story short i dont fuck w my ra cuz buddy wanted to search my room for weed didnt find anything
 nigga call drake pussy but every nigga that diss him got smoke back but most of these rappers aint even respond to shxt
 ive been puking all day. finally decided to smoke kief and im finally eating. thank god.
 a04277 new creates an advisory committee on medical use of marihuana to advise the commissioner on making regul... 
 more than a little excited that i have local access to @humphryslocombe dark chocolate smoked sea salt. its on.
 backwood overload  dont like to smoke no swishers ho
 im trying not to smoke until june 
 i have weed and i wanna smoke and i have nothing to smoke out of omg
 never smoked a day in my life but this shit funny 
 can we lauryn hill and chill can we smoke a couple blunts can you tell me bout your mind and the thoughts that leave you stuck
 thingsisayaftersex sooo you want to smoke a cig now.. oooorr...
 you cant see it much  but this truck has hella smoke blowing off it. definitely blowing his 
 withdrawal symptoms for marijuana do indeed exist
 any other time in history  the 3 brothers are given a blindfold  a smoke  and a pole to cuff their hands behind th 
 betta stop playing for she get her nigga smoked  
 i was one of those wannabes was too scared to do the smoking weed part but i looked super cool in my srh shirts 
 feeling like smokepurpp a year ago
 stick around just like cigarette smoke like a dream i fell asleep but i never woke
 would you drink with a nigga  do you smoke weed dont be ashamed  it aint no thing  i used to blow trees getting lifted
 zani caliboy enjoyinglife @ brushy mountain smokehouse and creamery 
 my essay topic is going to be on weed  were not in highschool anymore  come on now
 i just want to drink  smoke  fuck
 this job might be a great fit for you class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 look  im no expert  but one of these moms in the karate waiting room has to have weed in her purse.
 @hayden2017 kanye dont want no smoke  
 just walked from the front of my apartment complex to the back and i could smell weed the entire time. i live around some trap homies.
 people look at me crazy when i tell them i dont smoke 
 bout to jus smoke amp relax 
 no more smoked butterscotch lattes
 i just want unlimited weed  money and good loving.
 i definitely smoke less now then about 2 months ago lol
 o shamp so smoked lmao  
 used to always listen to this hoe when id smoke at night freshman year 
 and smoke my hookah...
 more money and weed in my life 
 need weed
 we ended up hugging and him crying for a cool minute on my shoulder weirdest acid trip ever but he smoked me out so it coo
 im just being honest thats what got the last n smoked 
 late night smoke session
 if you can smoke a cig before 8 a.m. im not disgusted.... im honestly impressed
 yall smoke rock
 im pissed i got a brand new pipe and i left it in haileys car and she sc me a pic of it and said  good cop  bitch you dont smoke
 sex  weed  money  or food was involved in assuming  lol 
 thank you  god. thank you for guiding me to having goals and aspirations. thank you for weeding out negative people in my life. thank you
 they have environmental concerns  then why the toxic smoke too lazy to clean up their own trash. 
 @hleradio @kjmp52 @elliesangelwing @riraj7773331 @ufcyoda @bobonfarm @reeves5150 locally smoked brisket  sausage  turnip greens...
 anyways today i found out the dude who smokes out of an oldtimey pipe outside my dorm is just smoking weed in it. i was shook
 im 98 sure they all smoke lol 
 i get excited for weed sessions. i just be ready to geek bout dumb shit and think bout da food ima crush.
 happy bday luver i love you so much i cant wait to get litty w u this weekend smoke gud today @kyaraalexa 
 lmao wizards gonna smoke the celtics.
 just seen some shawty snap filled with her blowing the weed out like its hookah shit ruined my week
 wanna smoke 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 705 denison street baltimore  tra 
 coding is on thing that programmers cant do without it just like @bobmarley and weed 
 is james okeefe about to smoke cnn tells hannity hes set to release hundreds of hours footage wikileaks style 
 damn somebody just paid for all 3 of us meal at smoke pit while we was smashing   that was dope
 today i purchased a coffin and i aint even die yet smoked about a hundred blunts and i aint even high yet
 bring me weed without me knowing gtgt   now thats love
 @rebeccasallen2 you bet becky... he can offer cuban cigars made in somalia to the libs amp they can all puff da smoke at the muzzys electors
 zacks gonna smoke me out on my break 
 i qualify for medical marijuana because i have a debilitating illness... crazy...
  you can go to a liquor store and find out who sells weed and who fixes car  
 ld667 new an act to repeal the legalization of recreational marijuana 
 chatting up mohsin hamids moth smoke at the bsfbookclub with our lovely host aparitab  cozy 
 i really need to smoke 
 senior year i got expelled because someone planted weed in my bag. i proceeded to lose my wrestling scholarship aft 
 dexter what i wanna smoke a fucking fat ass wood wit @famousdex 
 i aint letting my girl go smoke with some niggas i dont know. then gone tell me i cant go with you tf 
 ready to smoke again
 why you flexin boy you dont want no smoke 
 my younger sister really just came to me asking her to get her some weed 
 girl puts ex on blast about smoking weed she admits in the comments that she smokes weed deletes her comment to make herself look good
 cant wait to go home amp smoke a fat blunt
 i really dont smoke no more yall lls
 just wanna lay  smoke and play the sims all day
 i smell like weed son
 little bit of henny with some weed smoke
 i will never forget seeing this dude comment under a chick picture saying  damn ma you thicker than train smoke
 opened report via iphone at 25 amory st  roxbury  overgrown weeds around fence. 
 i need a real smoke
 wings you and weed make me happy 
 i need to smoke a blunt
 ive smoked everyday for 8yrs but if you cant eat wo smoking first u really need to get ur priorities straight..
 my picnic with myself is getting ruined by cig smoke
 had the weed dream again last night. any dream interpreters out there
 i mean i was listening to that album during 7th grade  but 18 years still doesnt make sense. time is confusing for habitual weed smokers.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 we all have garden of gethsemane moments when we want our way. the weed control is in the nevertheless god your wil 
 i dont need the weed card but the other stufff would be lit. 
 listen to dj smokey  salute 2 el chapo np on soundcloud 
 february smokin deal item from lil brown smoke shack purchase a white rhino bp kit  and receive a free bottle of 
 im at sunrise smoke shop in fort lauderdale  fl 
 i dont smoke at all and i still get anxious when i have to pee in a cup
 i got a reallocate good deal on some cheap weed and now all of my shirts have little holes all over. need some shirts. wildinsuranceclaims
 im finna smoke this dope .... 
 why is there two pounds of weed in my car lmao i gtg
 ready to go home and watch basketball all night and smoke all night and drink my beer all night 
 if someone brings me a pack of game leafs and a pack of dutchs ill smoke u down a blunt
 doctors are refusing to operate on smokers. heres why the trend will grow. 
 no one needs to be in the sun  surrounded by dust and weed smoke for a weekend  esp someone pregnant.
 transgender issues go to the states. med marijuana  2 feds freecalifornia caexit calexit bipolardonnie 
 i told yall a gop potustrump would try to come after weed with federal resources
 @realdonaldtrump your little group of nazis are idiots to try amp change states rights as voted on to legalize marijuana. legalize drugs save
 and now theyre coming after weed  man we cant do shit in america. we cant even go to the bathroom
 alert  throw up the weed signal 
 @seanspicer says that laws pertaining 2 transgender equality are a state issue  amp marijuana  a plant  should be controlled by the feds wth
 @draglikepull legacy of being laughed at by the cool kids that smoked pot
 are you allowed to smoke pot in the bahamas someone lmk
 voters vote to legalize weed but spicy cites opiod problem which your doctor is prescribing legally to you as why i 
 white house hints at crackdown on recreational marijuana  
 @theferocity @sethrogen weed is being legalized. youre paranoid af.
 im smoking illegal weed again
 pres trump understands how medical marijuana can alleviate pain and suffering for sick patients  but recreatio 
 he still tryna get his broad back she got my weed in her bra strap
 so if you voted for trump  and have your marijuana card  guess what. its not legal and hes coming for you next.
 russia hacked our election  and blackmailed our exec. branch  but nah  lets go after people who smoke weed. 
 2nd course.  pinot noir crusted swordfish  smokes coppa  candied shallot  asian pear. 
 holy shit nc might legalized medical marijuana 
 holy smokes its cold and windy today
 watching perfection at work @henrysocialclub eatlocal buylocal drinklocal holy smokes good food 
 @badkaratemovie dont forget the petroleum industry. hemp can replace many products currently made from oil.
 trump administration signals a possible crackdown on states over marijuana 
 if i fw you tough ill smoke you out. you aint even gotta be a chick. lets just get high mayne.
    poutine huydiet @ smokes poutinerie ottawa 
 now hes going after weed
 when he ask if i smoke weed and i say nah. and he go good ion like females that smoke whole time i smoke crack 
 just ready to go home smoke and lay in my bed w my puppyy
 @brittanygage404 @richposlim i think if has to do with growing regulations in states bc they not shipping calicolorado weed. thats illegal
 @foxnews @potus discussing weed out strategy with @vp at jewish cemetery in stl yesterday  
 spicer cant decide what is and isnt a states right issue. what if trans people smoked legal pot in the bathroom hypocrisyisabitch
 white house hints at greater enforcemen of recreational marijuana  via 
 i woke up and it smelled like weed... i thought you were home my sister
 now theyll have to go back to stupidly over paying for a gram of weed 
 we old as fuck all we gon do is deink smoke amp fall asleep
 we gone smoke a dip  all of it   not a little bit.
 bitch you smoke reggie we cant hang
 @royaltenoch spensa i hotboxed my car at my pad you know just smoke a bowl and then hop in the shower sunday for a fact tho
 lets stay up amp smoke that mary jane ...
 @zonja47405 @nuzzel @huffpostpol   threefer 1. strictly enforce fed marijuana laws.  2. load up forprofit prisons.  3. purge voter roles.
 day two no weed. kill me already
 100 in la  backwood smoked now smokin a doobie
 girls that smoke are 
 i dont smoke pot but legal it has many benefits 4 different illnesses and not any worse than alcohol. please pay a 
 henny amp weed is the remedy.
 yall realize his administration is really putting opioid addiction in the same realm as marijuana right 
 @janephilipps @potus canadas health minister knows that recreational cannabis is a usa hot potato issue    ai iot
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 810 brooks lane baltimore  trash 
 she pop x i smoke os tic tac toe
 yeah so  um  since youre feeling federalist  @realdonaldtrump   can we also please leave marijuana laws up to the states
 @mcuban @djp1970 i can tell when some one is blowing smoker up my ass
 she want a bag n she want sum weed...better get down n suck me to sleep
 my uber driver is smoking weed with me in the car sos
 this article shall be known and may be cited as the north carolina medical cannabis act. filed  house bill 185. 
 not from the perspective of any sane pot smoker. keeping it illegal provides numerous pros for them. 
 i wonder what the overlap is between people concerned trump is gonna take away their weed amp ones that said lesser of two evils staywoke
 just when we started legalizing weed  the republicans come in and decide to take away states rights concerning recreational marijuana
 pine ridge ranger district burns piles at outrider today  by chadron state park. smoke may be visible from us hwy. 385 and the state park.
 @roundtablerye indeed look forward to having out when we open smoke brewing co.
 yall live for bitches and blunts. we live for weed and money.
 whoever is smoking weed in the bathrooms please stop
 @ava guessing this has something to do w impending punishment of marijuana users.
 wish i had sum weed to smoke this morning.... im all out like a stripper booty
 i just dont wanna smoke weed anymore.
 white house expects justice crackdown on legalized marijuana legalpot marijuana druglaws jeffsessions weed 
 obama fire dea head for calling medical marijuana a joke  sign the petition  via @change
 @stayr3ckless he said i smoke so much the ashes start to burn on me
 leedforweed is one way to reduce the ginormous energy consumption of cannabis grow houses.  
 new growers group will promote sungrown marijuana in california  
 republicans need to do less coke and smoked more weed. this is one of the major fundamental issues with america.
 @nascaronfox @tonystewart @disupdates @heytammyt and i were there in 2008 for smokes win in victory lane
 @ebrooksuncut i saw a billboard that had 340 i think ppl die of heroine in milw cty in 2016. 0 deaths from marijuana. not the same  imo.
 @colemancountry @weatherman2709  i blow smoke out my ass by saying poor are better off than nicaraguans amp laura miller is ok to work here
 why i smoke wax over bud is a stupy question
 i just wanna go to a park and smoke with my favorite ppl today
 better stop smoking weed everyone  youll get addicted to heroin.
 he employee of jack in the box just smoked half a cig and brought it back inside to the kitchen. thats gotta be against the health code
 in 8th grade i got two days of oss and two days of iss bc i smoked an ecig in the hallway 
 its a nice day to smoke a blunt
 weapons of mass distraction transgender action  first amend breach  marijuana talk all distract us from russiagate 
 come on man  first ur tryina take our muslims  now ur tryina take our weed. this niggas crazy  
 @juice3d the weed is all free   
 @skinbiscuits @buzzardbob @seanras @saltytalk @yummythingys @yooper63 bio diesel smoke corn whiskey why i go to the tractor show
 @cloudn9nesyrup did you see spicers press conference this week on thc marijuana and feds
 @metriseee im dead ass though  mfs blew my high before i even smoked 
 yall plugs wanna get your weed off but dont ever got any deals goin 
 i spilled some weed killer on my hands and accidentally touched my face. kimjongnam
 drinking an 120 minute ipa by @dogfishbeer @ sublime smoke  
 why do women on tumblr who smoke record themselves takeing a hit and tag other friends to take a hit.... lol shit funny to me
 should i start a youtube channel and just have random artist interview to smoke and talk about the art craft they have made
 i really hate cigar smoke the smell is horrendous
 @blankfacedubs shut upppp u dont smoke that   imma get u do fucked up when u land
 who in san antonio can help me get my grandma some weed
 while i sit back and smoke gelato
 @dannyduke let me smoke a cig with you outside
 if mi nuh have ganja mi nuh happy. weed is my bestfriend
 she say never smoke i turn her 2 a stoner 
 girl riding back in the car with me takes a smoke break im like ok cool.  pulls out a vape 
 they needa make a place where you can go and sit and smoke weed fuck that hookah shit
 when you smell something burning so you look down and see smoke coming out of your pocket  sick
 off work about to smoke this joint now 
 someone smoke w me
 bein in the army....  gettin woken up at 1133 to get smoked
 i just wanna smoke these blunts and catch some zzzs 
 had to pull up on the only person i can stand rn ... smokey lol i walk in and he playing future  i love him 
 all that talkin coming out ya like smoke
 boys i will never understand why u want truck 40 years off the ground and when you drive it sounds like a weed eater 
 the 45th has blown so much smoke up the americas ass that im seriously considering a rectal cancer screening before they gut the aca
 might stay in the trump tower for one week spray paint all the walls and smoke weed
 we need a wall.  nuclear bombs could be hidden in bales of marijuana crossing the border says trent franks raz 
 @adamcarolla @adamcarollashow im listening to lilytomlin being interviewed on @npr and i hear the chirp of a dying smoke detector lol
 she rollin weed and she dont even smoke ..
 i just want you to come over   roll me something to smoke
 okay but why as soon as i wake up the smoke detector right outside my door decides to beep that its dying
 some much smoke da car cudnt see next to me 
 you the type to smoke a roach and burn yo mouth 
 @realdonaldtrump  the higher you go the harder you fall. you are all smoke and mirrors.  kinda like oz behind the curtain.
 purple weed gold gars blowing on that cougar nation huhhhh
 i smoke so much the aches burn on me
 yall vegan but smoking some dirt weed and dirt tobacco wraps 
 im paranoid too many wanna be prophets of yeshurun too many people want to arrest me for marijuana too many wanna steal from i  james
 1 reason to become famous is to be a guest on the @ericandre show women   weed   amp money come later
 at this point  if the smoke amp mirrors trump admin bars you  youre the pinnacle of real news sources. if they hate 
 im too on my shit to have a weed man as my boyfriend
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians bensenville  il
 will i smoke this bitch yessss 
 on tour with colorado cannabis tour on our way to medicine man now 
 if we cant vibe and smoke to music like this together  we cant be friends. 
 9th grade class taking home some hardware from hempfield this weekend. good stuff. hoops
 don pawlak sighting tampa  florida skippers smokehouse 
 she just wanna smoke amp fuck
 turns out i make very potent weed brownies. sixflagsmagicmountain magicindeed
 been on the road since 330. had a very spontaneous day. waffles  tattoo shops  smoke shops  ea
 lol fr i wish he would wake up he know i dont like to smoke alone. who wanna take his spot in this smoke session
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 @beanthepharmer @adamheidrick @swctinfo @xwingdan best was guy a few months ago talking about his roomie having weed. may have incl ph .
 my bestfriend amp i been going through so much shit. i had to smoke her out tonight
  smoke billowing from japan nuclear plant  fire reported near reactors tepco unaware of cause of smoke
 wow a life without weed is basically just me crying all the time
 san francisco smells like weed 247 i luvs it
 let her smoke my dope
 all i do is work  make money  smoke weed  and love my dog...life is perfect
 we smoke too much the ashes start to fall on me
 bro if we smoking and you pull out a bong  bowl or tryna smoke out of water bottles dont pass that shit to me annoying ass nigga
 yo anyone want to smoke
 bouta smoke a bowl and crash out 
 me to my friend fuck smoking cigs is normally a turnoff for me because ive tried it and it was gross but idc that heath smokes
 yes i had a drink but i smoked
 @ayreedthis lmaooo soon as you roll the last of it you be confused like damn....i know i aint smoke that much 
 everybody knows she only drinks alone  and she only smokes when she drinks
 anyone up i need to smoke 
 when you go visit your old job after the trap mhmmmmmm food @ smokey island grille 
 medical marijuana gets another look from nc legislature 
 no good weed
 @thehournews scott frantz sen. l.. has no idea what hes talking about. also  its called cannabis not pot 
 im on the south side with some gs nigga   quick to smoke a nigga like some weed nigga
 my dad woke me up just to smoke
 report ravens fa s matt elam arrested with over 120grams of marijuana early this morning. ravens have closed doo 
 she wanna do drugs. smoke weed get drunk
 when you smoke with the parents of the kids you nanny  and they also send you home with a 200 piece bag of candy 
 @madisonreneee15 ok then the person who smoked it has my roach sitting in front of them  im like y u smoke my blunt and they denied it 
 a smoke and a pepsi. @ ikea 
 @ash365 happy birthday pretty girl i would smoke you out if we was on campus 
 look what the weed make yo bitch do.....
 i smoke a little bit of pot constantly
 holy smokes flawless sunday blueribbonsushi soho nycepic am970theanswer 
 im honestly two seconds away from buying a pack of smokes
 wild finish  happy to see smoke finally get a daytona 500 win. congrats to kurtbusch daytona500
 how do yall smoke ur weed 
 nightly smoke to end my shitty  not so shitty  then shitty day.
 i remember i was bouta smoke your ass for coming in my dms incorrect
 i honestly smoke to much 
 a cop catch ya smokin and he says no way that hypocrite smokes 2 packs a day
 once i smoke this blunt ima forget about cha
 i just want a weed dealer thats gonna lick my pussy
 jen is still a smoke show. oscars
 id love to try whatever weed strain casey affleck smoked before accepting his oscar  but hard pass on the freeway he woke up beneath.
 in alot of pain  bout to smoke myself dumb then go to bed 
 dont smoke on no pouts
 take a ride  smoke some weed   @babygutta voice 
 its time to smoke..
 incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue 
 i dont smoke often but when i do.... @ logan square  chicago 
 update i smell weed 
 benihana farts and  weed
 should have smoke before class
 my cuzins 11 12 years old n they be outside rolling and smokin weed  
 i think about my grandchildren.  growing up in a world where there is no second hand smoke.  a 
 i could smoke my own weed or i could have someones boyfriend come smoke with me using his weed decisions.
 @yasstacks oh even easier lol  i smoked the night before still passed that jawn
 sam travis loves spring training. he just smoked a threerun homer here in west palm to score pablo and hanley.
 fellas  did yall have a girl you went to hs with who  at the time  was just ok looking  but now is an absolute smoke
 as clocks spring forward  5 tips to check smoke alarms  roc
 research inquiry 1 legalization of marijuana and its effects on canadian society
 no ones at the crib.. n its nice out... time to smoke 
 @niaab trynna smoke 
 toppings unsweetened coconut  blueberries  hemp granola  dark chocolates. 
 the marijuana industry has some brandnew opposition |    cdb oil is the main chemical that has medical uses. no high
 neicy said you got some weed no 
 @imjusjosh lmao that jawn  weediquette  action bronson shows noisey 
 finally out of work now to get smokey 
 when i see pregnant  women smoking it makes me so mad  it should be illegal to smoke while pregnant could we pass that law. @vancouverus
 a lot of pain in my heart got me smoking all this marijuana ..
 the smoked salmon in the philadelphia rolls smells like bacon. im not sure why that is  foodforthought
 today i gave someone my business card and they said they would roll it up to smoke a blunt... well at least its going to use
 i love weed but i hate the smell
 i could benge watch weeds all day 
 let me smoke this backwood so i can take my bitch ass sleep
 my brother really is trying to smoke a square out in this
 like  whats next  whats that  whats up. i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 san jose cop arrested  allegedly stole suspects marijuana  via @mercnews
 thas why you gotta smoke before 
 holy smokes   five teen is what i am
 i asked my uncle if he smoke crack he talm bout some yea dat way
 @arangeroftexas smokey scotch and turkish coffee. we call it a gallipoli mortar.
 people ask me bro i didnt know you smoked . yeah me either 
 finally let shorty smoke in my car  
 so tired of being weed  real shit
 when you smell weed and walk in on your roommate smoking weed after you told her you dont wanna smell weed amp she s 
 stories on the korner as i rolled my marijuana. suburb home owner i still know the coke aroma. i remember motorolas kouldnt afford minutes.
 colorado is moving toward new limits on collective marijuana growing under a bill that sets a new statewide limit 
 me yeah they deliver weed to your door  mike so its kind of like being a dealer but legally
 @daviannabell happy birthday smoke up
 rogan josh with halal smoked brisket halal brisket halalbrisket roganjosh curry spice 
 what a fucking liar omg i dont know what plant this is luuullll paul youre addicted to weed 
 @mcconnellblake i was made for weed
 woke up for the first time in years without an urge to smoke some piff and im so confused
 republicans hate cannabis freedom  us tx ny usa vault7 iphones wikileaks lavotes 
 naplesfire causes smoke on the water  while at the beach... 
 shit i rather smoke this weed by myself
 @1future a phone call away from putting on the tour to feed the freebandz family a cannabis cuisine
 the native americans also used smoke signals to send nudes.
 listening to a professors podcast to study for his midterm and it begins with the instrumental to smoke  drank by @wakaflocka bricksquad
 under the tongue  kogan told the post  is also more effective than a simple smoke for medical purposes. 
 like a scene out of the 1930s dust bowl. not smoke  just a sand storm. @denverchannel 
 i do not ever smoke and a week after i do they wanna have interviews here and drug test people goodness
 pondering a smoked caramel amber ale recipe. hmmmmmmmm
 the risk factors may not be what you think 25 of those with copd have never smoked. see if you are at risk. bett 
 blunts weed and food im straight
 when you find out the college in windsor has smokes poutine but the university doesnt.... what exactly am i paying for
 @bidyanun @smp0711 oh  i know. i just find it hypocritical and hilarious. look there is no conclusive evidence  but plenty of smoke.
 im just about to smoke this blunt amp read this book until i get a call 
 @darrenhayes the toxic fumes from this particular smokescreen are going to blow back gruesomely russiagate julians already dfeated hillary
 baby hit this weed  cause it may calm you down 
 border patrol do you smoke no bp looks at visine and lighter  
 6 more grams amp im sitting the weed down for a couple months
 my mom be acting like good weed is  boi or sum
 lori and jaci went on a motherdaughter trip this last weekend  i smoked cigars for 2 days 
 what crack rock did you smoke 
 woo time to smoke amp eat
 whatayaknow......its smoked pork belly wednesday at slow hand bbq......no really  what do you 
 lol im so ready to see my man face and eat and smoke and sleep and get my feet rubbed
 my fucking weed   i be needing my fix. 
 really wanna go to smokers club especially cuz flatbush going be there
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 2210 ashton st  trash needs to be 
 we are the new americana  high on legal marijuana
 first thing first who tryna smoke
 hey would it be alright if i smoked in the house 
 @halliejackson thanks for asking the direct  to spicer that broke his programming  keep doing it and maybe smoke will come out of his ears
 at alabama colleges  marijuana enforcement varies widely from campus to campus 
 stupid medical marijuana stocks reacting to news. stupid money flushing away.
 on the smoker they go brisket onthesidecatering bbq 
 ill dangle this bag of weed over the balcony  ill fucking do it.
 i make too much money to ever smoke crack. lets get that straight.
 due to training  you may seesmell light smoke near station 2 in 4s ranch today.
 honestly just want someone to fall in love with me but loves weed more then me 
 lunch and smoke
 trying to be in la with 10 hoes just me and my niggas a little bit of weed a little bit of henny
 i checked out of this lecture like 20 mins ago but we started by talking about israel now were talking about weed legalization wat i miss
 im about to be order some pizza amp smoke some weed
 gettin smart for no reason amp smokin weed according to my mom 
 im bored so im just going to eat food and smoke pot until i fall asleep
 time to get ready so i could go home to smoke 
 very bad if weed controls you 
 some people will do anything for some weed lmao
 so like where can i smoke now
 pun intended  smokey dont give a damn 
 getting poked by a stinging weed is the worst
 were the smokes drink some i hate being sober
 i smelled a slight scent of weed n got the damn tremors im triggered i miss it
 on my way to my aa meeting and i smell marijuana lol
 when dimetrius smokes it stresses me out. . like oh how i miss my blunts but its all for good reason
 all those stringlights come from china probably have microchips listening to you smoke weed good luck when the fbi is at your door dinguses
 @lilshots23 got me fulla that weed 
 about to smoke then take my black ass to sleep
 really glad snapchat made sure to include marie curies famous smokey eyes amp airbrushed skin on the filter they made specifically for today
 my next nigga will not smoke 
 finna smoke this blunt   eat buffalo chicken sandwich and call it a night
 its almost been a week since i smoked my last cigarette and im so proud of myself
 i dont smoke 
 who tryna smoke im bored af
 every time i see a truth commercial it makes me want to smoke a cigarette
 we here in north carolina cannot harness the power of medicinal cannabis without the passing of house bill 185 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 wasting all the weed  
 our lunch special today is an open faced bbq pork sandwich house smoked pulled pork smothered 
 use to smoke og but now i smoke cookie u dunno how that shit feel.
 @mccannww  put a statue in front of a bull. we taught a statue of a seal how to smoke. fearlessgirl didyouknow 
 @nbcnews dearmrpresident in my opinion  worst president ever. throwing out smoke screens doesnt negate his serious issues  russia  lying
