 @srcbocc makes me want to smoke 
 i love nyquil when it knocks you out just like weed shelby   
 you aint gotta do to much. smoke amp watch a movie.  
 like smoke  i hung around in the unbalanced.
 my ra right in front of me and i smell like straught up weed. lolllll
 you can also get high on marijuana stocks  heres how  thestreet 
 @aeroplane thank you. fuck. my stoner chick smokes as much as i do tho so no shlumping d
 also im leaving a state where weed is legal for a state where weed is illegal smh
 @dovahkiisses same. and i gotta work tomorrow  weed not doing its job yet..
 yall be real life smokers   smoking outta dutches  get you a wood fam .
 hope the weed in tampa is fire
 @thehill  guaranteed to blow harvard law smoke over 1st clause of 1st amendment prohibiting establishment of state religion.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1815 lemmon street baltimore  send message. 
 last time i smoked was yesterday  drank bout 3weeks ago 
 i tried to nap yesterday but mari walked in my room cuttin on lights amp shit talkin bout some get up lets go smoke amp go to the cafe
 it smells like a mixture of bad weed and cinnamon in kutztowns elevators
 nothing says professional like getting into an @uber reeking of marijuana.
 smokes weed once 
 great now my moms car smells like a damn smokers car i swear this child has no respect what so ever 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1608 east 30th street baltimore  
 @lukemance1 see thats why ur at the doctors  cause you cant smoke stayoutatrouble 
 today is one of those days i just want to go home and smoke. except i dont smoke and i have no idea what being stoned feels like.
 not even gettin smoked lmfao 
 mary jane keep talking shit imma have to smoke her
 someone smoke this blunt w me lol
 what r some of the words u guys are using today for marijuana   lemme get some of that green.  ...
 love me a good frapp and starbucks definitely provided that. smoked butterscotch 
 when someone says they have a high tolerance to weed then spark u with a one hitter 
 @kingjsversion @marietyler49 @wesleyguzman11 @icymarcosbruh @kdom93 @patrickhall smoke session at tys. come thru.
 @rafaelvet26 smoked some hash out of those little energy drink cans  i was stressed tho man.  thats my excuse haha
 get smoked out then bounce 2k17 lmao
 i honestly want to smoke what youre smoking. that must be some gradea shit right there. 
 several smokeless tobacco products are being recalled after users found metal objects in some cans. 
 anyone wanna smoke
 sometimes when i smoke weed i feel like my social awkwardness goes from 0100 and i feel like everything i say sounds dumb af. that just me
 listen to lakes amp rivers ft. town by niecy blues np on soundcloud  this joint would be great to smoke to
 nothing like ending your shitty night with your weed getting stolen  i  my life
 when you think youre out of weed  but you look in your grinder  and round up a dust bowl juststonerthings 
 idk i just cant smoke weed anymore .. i just think bad thoughts when im high now
 ive been debating on going to smoke this black for like an hour
 why do airplanes still have to have no smoking signs everywhere are there really people still trying to smoke during flights
 i regret every swisher ive ever smoked.
 a fucken sap i need weed sos
 these freshman smell like weed and prefume help
 well  today is a terrible day.  time to dip into weed again.
 me what did i do to deserve tonsillitis also me bites my nails  forgets to brush teeth before bed  smokes  kisses my friends  etc etc etc
 ima smoke  my kids going smoke  my wife going too  and my dog too... woof woof 
 growin like a weed 
 i see all of these people i know from my hometown drinking and smoking weed. wth never would have guessed half of them would do either..
 add me me on snapchat to see me smoke a lot of blunts and drive around all day  chadsizemore
 @brianrayguitar  can you give this dill weed a mans answer i have to many ffffs in my answer. no viagra no sex we 
 but the buds i smoke aint regular
 i smoke alone 99.9 of the time  i just be vibin on my balcony playing music with my dog 
 the weed is rolled the drink is cold..
 now that im up im boutta smoke and play my p4
 water now turned off here on hempstead drive off of winton road after water main break causes huge mess  road still 
 @funnyladymars @cadavresanglant   listen to dr.  jahan marcu  medical marijuana by 98online np on soundcloud 
 @eitmonline i had a friend who got his student loan and used part of it 2 bank roll his weed dealership which paid him back 10 fold
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 @kirktousaw @patsow the son king wants his will enforced  until he deigns to let us smoke. meanwhile  off with th 
 we deserve a smoke break
 but it keeps growing back like weed 
 @benhooperwrites release the cracken smoke some weed
 mack 11 smoke ya baby dad like some hookah
 offramp closed in northvalleystream on the cross island pkwy sb at the southern state pkwy  stopped traffic back to hempstead tpk traffic
 i miss cali it always smelled like weed
 just tryna smoke amp vibe tn 
 dont forget changing the time for daylight savings then change amp test your smoke detector batteries too. @cityofindepmo @jacksoncountymo
 the @redcross reminds you to check your smoke detectors when you spring forward your clocks on sunday. 
 ari loves to collect dumb hoes and bring them with her to smoke 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 533 north carey street baltimore  send messag 
 this nigga from cali out here for sxsw and just got some weed from us so ik we got some loud
 ic west out of the gates hot  up 70. kennedy was down 3211 to hempstead though  so.... iahsbkb
 it really grinds my gears that that 70s show never referenced up in smoke. @tommychong
 ino smoke tho.
 ned price being adorably wonky on wolf. serious  totally calm and believable. lots of smoke plumming from russia talk
 @trewhiteside lmao just found out i buy weed from your big sister small ass world 
 im just gunna smoke tonight fuck that
 i just wanna smoke 
 all i smoke is lssssss.
 drinking an icelandic toasted porter by @einstokbeer @ jack amp jamesons smokehouse  
 reminder this sunday  move your clocks ahead amp change your smoke alarm batteries     timechange batterychange 
 mom are you smoking weed me are you smoking weed
 patiently waiting on my auntie to leave so i can smoke this blunt and do dumb shit round her house 
 @mehkitaughtyou lmao a waste of weed in my book since u gotta stuff them hoes too
 playing with the smoking gun  sous vide smoked pork tenderloin  saffron compressed apple  sweet 
 sitting in my room with thr black light on and smoking a bowl i tend to zone out and watch the smoke in the light 
 bitch stayed getting free weed centralrys17
 most yall didnt start smoking big until the weed got cheaper
 thats fukked up how you fukking her amp her weedman 
 i wanna smoke bro
 shit got real for a minute... that ass belongs to ruben who the smell of smoke pouring in from 
 my mom always tells me she wants me to be able to have a medical card so i dont have to keep buying weed everyday 
 shorty smoked 4 joints out my man sack.. bitch smoke 2 of my grams without permission she gotta go
 who wants to run some errands w me amp smoke a b
 females that smoke  and club more than anything. uncfsurys17 
 also  because  yes. @ m. smoked meat  
 never mind he not from the city nomo he let the bitch smoke all his weed
 @brownskinpapi hell yeah feel free to come smoke ya sis out whenever u please 
 how can you get a smoke smell out your hair without washing it 
 @joevargas @cloudn9nesyrup its also surreal cause in early america growing hemp was actively encouraged.
 be sure to change your clocks amp change your batteries in your smoke and carbon monoxide alarms 
 @kkcorov @noxypaws interesting if i have been defending these posts for this long amp weeding out the shitty people why have i not blocked u
 @ford we have scientifically determined exactly how much tire smoke the ecoboost f150 can generate  as much as you want.    @tripowerbird
 rooting really hard for smoker.
 @babycatnfriends dearest bc thank you for your support of my smokey. he crossed otrb early this morning. i chose to honor his life not mourn
 baby the weed lit lemme take you ona trip
 i need to smoke at the beach today or else ill die
 always wanted to smoke with @sfaverdi . sober we have a blast  high we would be too lit.
 idk how people smoke cigs on the regular they really so gross lol
 sunchoke soup with spinach amp crab tortellini  pea shoots amp smoked paprika @ tosca restaurant  
 i wanna go smoke a bowl but idk when my momma coming home 
 the smoke detectors went off and the first thing my mom does is accuse me of smoking in my room.......there was no smoke.....
 in a city of nearly 2 mil why is it so hard to find a 12 oz i just wanna smoke 
 i havent smoked weed or a cig since wednesday ...i hit a new record
 idk wht it is but i havent wanted to do shit but sit on my ass listen to some tunes and smoke  been lazy asf the past week
 want to make weed brownies
 i smoked today and yesterday 
 bro they let me in w my weed cause i gave da home girl skin care
 the longer i sit and smoke in silence  the louder the clock ticks fuck
 know im on parole so aint no smoking weed tonight
 first question my bestfriend ask when i text her is you still got some weed left 
 heres the thing about marijuana it sucks and i hate it
 niggas weed is not a drug
 i wish taytay was up w. me rn so she can smoke me out amp we get drunk.
 wont go broke cause i never spend.. if them hoes dont smoke dont let em in..
 i wanna have a big smoke session one morning 
 did you remember to turn your clocks forward dont forget to check your smoke detectors  too  @vjotimesherald 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign...  
 i just wanna smoke an get food wit someone nbs 
 as the sports world rethinks marijuana  it remains illegal under federal law. @johngreabe explains the law of pot 
 i dont smoke.
 i hate when im smoking with somebody and all of a sudden they wanna tell a story with the blunt in hand like shut tf amp just smoke
 more smoke 
 told my sis 2 slide wit tha weed an this my response im so geeked to see my sis yall dont get it 
 one of the last things we were taking about was about me smoking im about to stop all this crying amp smoke one for you and see you laters.
 never give up on your dreams. just keep sleeping  @ hempfield township  westmoreland county  
 going home   smoke a blunt  putting my phone on dnd  and im going take a nap 
 she smoked weed once once and cant even inhale right. smh this is why everyone hates white people smh 
 dropped out of school  couldnt pass the sats now i got two bad bitches passing me the weed
 @ugkait or smoke a blunt
 waiting on baby to get off so we can go home  i wanna get back in bed and smoke until my lungs collapse
 dont have to change your smoke detector batteries if you dont have one   somewhere my grandma just got disa 
  we were suppose to smoke together like three times amp never did smh. but you cool asf amp you probably the devil bc you light asf 
 i cant smoke anything else until i eat something.
 very nice dunkeldark wheat with a slight smoked cherry finish. very well do... out with the old 
 i smoked a quarter tonight  you know i need my meds
  i peeped you had finessed demetrius but he smoked that shit with us and it was smoking fr but uhh whats good with you
 roll up my weed soon as the day start
 i remember the first time me and oomf smoked  i was stuck asf
 lab day be like.... ganja oilve oil just made from some extra experiments. named after 
 if my fave ever did drugs like weed or worse i would unstan him so fast. thank god macaulay culkin is a saint and would never 
 i just freaked out thinking haley and kiersten were feeding me marijuana edibles but theyre just normal candy
 come pick me up and ill share my weed with you
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 ive never smoked weed  been drunk  snuck out or skipped school. copy amp paste this as your status whoever likes it thinks youre lying
 @kaylatrim i have no weed and no one will sell me weed 
 am i the only one who sizes up fellow air travelers to determine whos most likely to help fight a smoke monster
 i need to smoke man 
 still got 25 out there for anybody that thinks they can out smoke me.
 alright since im up forreal now  i guess ill smoke this clip
 @nowthisnews white people bouta want weed illegal again
 i do not smoke weed copy and paste this   and whoever likes it think you lyin
  smoke another 1 snoop
 anybody know where to get smoke grenades local
 he we just celebrated our 4 year anniversary today we have a roast cumin chicken club with blue cheese  smoked bacon  hummus amp greens
 what do fish smoke  seaweed. 
 the marijuana dispensary on the ground floor of my building is a robbery target  in part because theyd be loathe to call the police...
 i really need to stop smoking  i cant even get high anymore. im just wasting weed.
 i wonder if i got any weed hiding in this house...im bout to do a spring cleaning...i bet u i find a dub somewhere...
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 good weed lmaoo 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the marijuana industry...why families in our area are having a hard time getting the drugs they need  
 dude lavar ball smokes crack  only explanation
 i cant wait to land and smoke a cig
 never liked edibles .. i wanna smoke my shit
 dinner time. @ wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 my mom just told me i need to cut back on the blunts or cigs because i have a smokers cough..... bitch i am sick nothing else  
 i need to get fuckin high i aint smoked all day
 @fakejimprice ironic...i just smoked a bowl of pot. gorillaglue4 dansofficialpartypot
 get those babies here then hang them out to dry with no healthcare nice u dick weed  how about condoms amp healthca 
 my mom says im single bc i smoke weed
 colorado weed   weed everywhere
 @drewludwig most are just struggling along  pot smokers and christians.  its our job to be nice anyway.
 folks smell a lil weed know a nigga like me will take the blame for ya..
 chefs smoke so fucking much holy shit
 i want a harry potter themed weeding that would be so dope
 ive never smoked weed  been drunk  snuck out or skipped school. copy amp paste as your status whoever likes it think 
 doooooooope  know i love to smoke
 holy smokes will anyone even be around for 2107 shitjustgotreal 
 smoke weed everday. 
 gonna go sit on the lake and drink amp smoke  clear my mind
 @ohheymissay lets smoke sometime 
 baby girl dont want no smoke. you see me everyday and dont say shit but clearly sub me.
 someone deliver me weed
 if you a broke nigga cant smoke weed witcha
 newsonenow strangerfruit so allegedly mikebrown was conducting a sale w clerks over weed
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 breaking out the weed and the drink on the spot its looking like player 3 cant be stopped because we going hard  every star  roll a blunt
 @katebolduan weekday do you mean  its how you sell it  heath care for us isnt a cell ph plan smoke shouldnt be blown up our arse bs
 @coldsmoke88 and i fear the old school cool of a blunt is being killed by weed better attune to a bowl. the puff  puff pass is dying
 imma lay in the snow and smoke a blunt n just chill
 smoke reefer 
 government weed can suck my whole dick ima just call the plug 
 im just tryna smoke and my bathroom doesnt wanna steam today
 when you walk outside to enjoy a nice day and all you smell is your apartment neighbors cancer stick smoke.. 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   transportation
 fake news was taken seriously when a marijuana dispensary reported accept food stamp that made colorado state implemented new policy sxsw
 wtf kinda weed have they been giving people lol 
 @wsk28rules @russellmania621 i agree...seems like a ltd is still possible.  all this leaked info...where theres smoke  right...
 mine call we weed crack. 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 smoking medical marijuana vs smoking government marijuana 
 @lostminds @yazmeneautumn lmaooooo i dont smoke roaches idc 
 if youre gonna smoke on snapchat.. make sure you inhale the smoke... cuz uh yeah lmao
 i was 13 smoking weed thinking i was being cool emulating my kin folk
 im just trying to smoke a blunt
 reminding you on this topicaltuesday that we bring cannabis massage directly to your home  hotel  business or even 
 why are you giving cosi 20 cause shes broke amp spends all her money on weed
 those are the plugs who serve just to get bud to smoke themselves 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq in tustin  ca 
 good luck to smoke and mark hall 757rulesthenation 
 @fhdidhfjfb lmao aye that nigga was like bitches just wanna smoke your weed but u lettuce 
 dont smoke weed then cry when ur mommy catches u
 as if id ever been in the presence of government marijuana lol
 momma asked me if i smoked weed said yes then she said mmmm ok pues be careful
 im swimming in the smoke of bridges i have burned
 the last workaholics episode is tomorrow  free beer n weed at my place 10pm dont b late
 i hope my next so or husband is smart when it comes to marijuana business because im ready to have a farm of weed lmao
 i can only who wanna i love   i can only smoke what i wanna smoke .   i can only fuck who i wanna fuck .
 i feel like people get disappointed when they hit me up to smoke and i have to tell them i dont smoke weed 
 medical marijuana debate in vista over allowing legal shops 
 why do people feel the need to drink and smoke across the street from our apartment
 anyone want smoke i got two blunts rolled
 nah im just really looking for an excuse to smoke
 im almost done tho i had to take a smoke and a coffee break 
 got chu drinkin out them white cups  sodas  all this shit so foreign to you  thick smoke  chokin...baby  get familiar with the order
 @johnmorganesq actually should have asked are you for ending prohibition of recreation cannabis. cannabisreform
 feels so good i might just smoke this blunt outdoors
 i remember a time that if someone said their microwave was spying on them  you would tell them to lay off the weed.
 bang  either way  bruh. get your left tackle. if there is a puff of smoke in was  im trying to see if theres fire. 
 emptied a cig and filled it with weed
 that smokepurpp tm was playin on snapchat sound so fire
 no marijuana for 2 weeks starting sunday. this is real bruh
 tonight lexington ky at @wlkbbq . looking forward to being back and to tasting some smokey  
 rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 i used to smoke a pack of cigs a day  and now the smell of cigs makes me want to barf in the persons mouth who is smoking it 
 watching kid cannabis always inspires me vro
 exactly why my girl cant smoke  
 ever smoke synthetic weed like momba  that shit make me depressed and ultra insecure for like two hours. i only smoked it 1nce
 a quick smoke with anthony @samtbh42 amp then were on our way to see another anthony amp the crew 
 cant wait til im 21 so i drink and buy weed 
 @cublion @sportsyack not true  im a smoker
 early mothers day gift idea for tobacco smokers such as myself 
 shot of jack amp lil coke @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 bbq field trip 2 we got sample plates of bourbon bbq catered in and it was so good 1010 recommend their smoked 
 i just gotta ask this question tho  why you in yo feelings tho why you on social media acting like you do but dont want smoke
 boowilliams of the saints is the creator of cannabis education in the nfl 
 im at green street smoked meats in chicago  il 
 whos trying smoke and match in st.paul about to give these a shot.dm 
 the boys who smoke and drink believe they gain maturity which comes alone  and have actually lost childhood  which never returns
 this legit happen hahah well wtf idk...i dont smoke  
 lol lil ho upset cause ine wan smoke after her 
 whats the point if you not gone smoke  
 nothing like the smell of green soap n cigarette smoke when you go to a tattoo parlor
 some people should not smoke if they arent gonna brush them teeth and that tongue 
 the verdict on reefer unit  dead battery...alternator fine...its humming along  once again...found leak in brake lines  should be fixed soon
 plottwist theres nothing you can smoke to get this high....you have to inject it directly into the bloodstream 
 people passin faster than im passin weed
 be honest have you smoked weed even if it was to try it once im trying to prove a point.
 @caninerights   news update .   there is zero smoke also
 @fuckingbetzy lmao girl you should be fine if you werent smoking a lot  im sure any of the ones at a smoke shop would work
 i need new bud. i never wanna smoke girl scout cookie again after this week
 she only smokes when she drinks  she only drinks now amp then  only when shes tired of being let down by men.
 so a super pac to help get vermont marijuana to a vote and move that business eh  thingsoverheardatthebagelshop
 ill never understand why people smoke cigarettes 
 bout to face a blunt of ralphs weed
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy   transportation hiring
 sxsw who has weed in austin  tx  dms open.
 im trynna smoke with  some girls today.
 bro i could never pick homies over my girl   i only smoke w them anyway ill just smoke with my boo 
 jimin jus said fuck the little vocal he do got  he gone smoke a cigarette
 if i dont let her hit my weed she sit there amp pout
 why everybody be tryna pay me in weed 
 must smoke weed must be adventurous 
 hello all of my weed smoking friends im planning on selling for my plug so if you need bud in center city or northeast soon hmu thx
 nigga smoked the lay
 to be fair tho bron did smoke weed lmfao
 frisco young pros event @ 3 stacks smoke amp tap house  @3stacksdallas in frisco  tx 
 plant your cannabis seeds today freeadvicein5words durangoorganics 
 all night smoke brisket primogrillsandsmokers meatchurch 
 we need to smoke lol @dicesoho that would be dope. im the most funniest person to be around whem im high what ive been told
 havent smoked weed in 5 days. not feeling myself
 probably aint the best idea to smoke with my trash memory
 told myself i wasnt gonna buy more weed but then i worked all day and i need a zip after this
 that moment you start to realize you probably shouldnt have power smoked the whole joint by yourself
 sooo got picked up at 1030am amp im just starting to film sex at 622pm  im taking a xanax amp i need some weed or two models may die 
 me and my bitch bout to sit our fat asses on the couch and get smoked out of our minds  gentleman on the train making small talk w me
 who trynna smoke
 how bout i keep the 20 and just smoke out  
 does this dog even smoke weed 
 in need of somebody to smoke with who wants to smoke with me pull up
 they treat me like a bum that just smokes all day and does nothing with their life.
 just want to smoke a blunt and cuddle 
 i just really want to fucking smoke.
 i smoked anthony in the head with my elbow and i dont think he even flinched 
 i dont think ill ever smoke again. bcs the memories that came with that last blunt are too good to be replaced.
 who in fucking south padre has fucking weed please hello @southpadre2017 @umesouthpadre
 well smoke you. jayron eli scuti 
 you dont do weed sean. 
 wherever she wanna go that has weed. 
 i smoked a blunt with rihanna in my dream last night
 this depends on the person but for me a wife is someone whos supportive  ambitious  silly  loves weed  free  kind 
 he is all talk  smoke and mirrors. donny you are a failure. @realdonaldtrump 2 months in office and have accomplish 
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well go to a weed farm   that i can stay at   ask for derek  
 @robssmokehouse  thank you for the follow back  smoke salmon thats groovy
 marijuana sold in a liquor store is like jesus evangelising in a saloon. xdlol soon as liquor sales drop the stores will kick weed out
 my weed man is the only consistent man in my life
 he pop x  i smoke os   tictactoe
 hope it dont smell like weed in here 
 nc weedmen love going out of town and not telling nobody.
 sb302 new provides an early start for recreational marijuana sales. bdr 40545 
 when the doctor asks you if you smoke tobacco but you dk if mokes count so you explain to him what it is lol
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 a marijuana leaf alex and ani bracelet with legalize it inscribed on the back
 2 grain salad   smoked tomatoes   crispy bacon leaf and velour 
 i member when vanessa was smoking in our hotel room and she told me she thought she was gonna get in trouble but the maid smoked with her 
 i cant find my inhaler and im wheezing like a smoker
 all i want is two fat bitches  a bag of weed  and two bags of chips so i can give to the fat bitches
 why do niggas roll they weed up in money. like thats was money you wasted that you couldve bought more weed . stupid ass niggas 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @cristinavee @edgesuarez me either i never drink or smoke. its never good for my health.
 do you drink or smoke 
 the 50 pinchin off yalls tax returns cause yall speed and smoke dope
 i wish everyone smoked  so they can see a different perception
 when the wheat sprouted and formed heads  then the weeds also appeared. 
 surrounded by cigarette smoke  cough cough
 @theellenshow @katyperry @renealane ne girl you should join me kohls bitch  dutch bros weed fuck these bitches 
 myleastfavorite4words im out of weed 
 breaking news @dehrmeat dehr smokes deer in car deer on deer violence continues in western new york.
 u want him cause hes got lots of weed 
 jake buser smokes this ball to right field. 
 i smoke a lot of weed
 @danielworkman @soccerheretic france u21s amp u19s would smoke the usmnt
 i have so much hate  no i cant smoke a blunt with you.
 i want more sex and weed. 
 if you smoke and own a dog i hope you die 
 excellent session on medical marijuana in the elderly thanks @carilevy @sperksgillespie @shcmedpartners paltc17 
 @konnan5150 you should try dabing bro. not the dance move. its a better way to smoke thc. phatdabs
 drinking a nitro red ale by @squattersbeers @ david alan alans smokehouse saloon  
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smokr
 free smoke is as hard of an opening track as legend
 i like free smoke
 free smoke @drake morelife 
 damn the beat on free smoke is hard af
 this might be the night i smoke 
 ian smoked all day 
 @brookeradio holy smokes that taking off your shirt thing was impressive
 hb1043 engross vehicle laws  smoking marijuana in vehicles  prohibition 
 yea ross drop some smoke no stunting 
 free smoke.... free smoke bleedblue morelife 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke
 theres so many people smoking weed in here 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke hidden hills where i post
 @thabitianyabwil me and @pastoremase looking like craig and smokey on thefrontporch.  friday
 i love taking weed virginities lol its so empowering and i wanna do it again soon
 free smoke free smoke
 when the bass came in on free smoke 
 almost went in my car and smoked a blunt but 2nd st too hot rn smh
 smoked some khalifa kush. not too sure its all its hyped to be. its just weed to me. mmj prop203
 i love oregons weed industry. we have a strain named after our governor lol
 svengoolie oh no  svengoolie song. time for a smoke break.
 smoking weed under star projectors
 we just gone smoke pass the blunt back n fourth  
 listen to smoke it out featuring ghost. prod. by cmplx by dillon yarbrough|ote np on soundcloud  
 im just sittin here nst smoke drinkin jack and tryin to free my mind.  nascar
 free smoke free smoke
 good weed good food good music is going down tonight .
 why do people smoke and snap 
 the instrumental on free smoke really gets me in my feelings.
 passionfruit and free smoke are the ones
 drake sounding pretty damn inspired on free smoke. that shit goes
 salted caramel pecan smoked sea salt amp pineapple upside down cinnamon rolls se7enbites 
 free smoke
 boulderfire sunshinefire  smoke getting super intense at 505 college  wind now blowing slightly from n 
 @baegyptian @loserlizard231 thats very true  and i always keep that in mind. im never mean to smokers  its just frustrating because 
 my room smells like weed. oh hell no
 @skrewedupdev smoked like 4 of them bitches last night
 free smoke free smokee
 im a smoker  not a drinker
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 the whole house smells like weed because of my stupid neighbour smoking it and the smell is seeping through the walls.my head hurts nowugh
 if u smoke dutches.... you probly dont wash your hands 
 niggas get a face tat a amp smoke a couple dutches amp forget he a bitch.
 @thehill my bucket list 1. to see that smirk wiped off the face of @speakerryan  2. to get my neighbor to deal with his weeds.
 another gorgeous day in kansascity stop by our smoke shop while you are out and about 
 good overall porter. hint of smoke  chocolate milk and vanill... blacksmith smoked porter  photo
 youre the reason im thinking i dont wanna smoke on these cigarettes no more.
 tonight. toniiiiiight with the whole damn crew late night at smokejazzclub.  join us tonight 
 i wanna see man in the high castle but if the french won. everyone forced to smoke cigarettes and start drinking wine by noon
 on that note...who tryna smoke 
 to beef with me you gotta be on some you shit. i literally go to school  smoke my weed and mind my business lmao
 @lindathompsonlt oh... em... gee... little eva is so adorable. and  she is growing like a weed. does uncle brody spoil her 
  is this egg flavored weed ............
 someone smoke me outtttt
 its a step forward for sure to acknowledge it but i think his treatment methods of weed and prayer are the same me 
 i feel free. hold up wtf. im listening to free smoke as im feeling this right now. thats crazy.
 i dont see ha people smoke and do homework  my ass be looking at the same thing for hours 
 listen i gotta bag of collard greens tf i look like being scared ill smoke my blunt and do wtf i do. factsmatter
 i dont care because i dont smoke so 
 good article by @allmattnyt  @adamgoldmannyt and @nytmike. a lot of smoke  no fire. 
 i dont wanna smoke rn but thats the only thing thats gonna help me sleep
 now that i cant smoke or drink for an entire year. i realized i havent been this sober since high school.....
 just wanna smoke a couple blunts rn a forget about life
 tell me hank  why do ya drink  to get drunk  why do you roll smoke  to get high 
 ok i gotta smoke before i eat 
 how the fuck are you just gonna smoke in the middle of a bodega at 7 am blatant
 how tf they gon say dont do drugs tell that to wiz he sell his on weed an is rich as fuck fuck outta here
 @boydatsmaddie holy smokessss 
 @ricktrilsch mustve been that garage fire. concerning because the smoke looked ten times worse than sunshine.
 shift the blame divert their attention cue the smoke and the mirrors 
 bc i work at racetrac i know this is true  but bc i only smoke papers and fronto  ion care  
 cant have everything or free smoke 
 im alone in the office do you think my boss would be mad if i smoked a cigarette in here
 cleaned out my purse amp found out i accidentally brought weed back into the u.s. lol 
 views  @ great smokey mountains  north carolina 
 my grandma found my dads weed plant so you can say its a rough day for him
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 free smoke  free smoke  aye
 j.f.k with some og in the front  lets smoke
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 901 washington blvd  overflowing g 
 may or may not have driven 20 minutes to find where the smoke was coming from 
 didnt have money for this homeless man so i gave him a weed brownie
 wicked weed freak of nature on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer nocoorslight intheberkshires beermenus
 smokey taking a crap outside smokey you better not tell anybody man.  ezal hey  smokey back here taking a shit 
 free smoke free smoke
 in case anyone isnt aware that too often pandering is just a smoke screen to attack representation 
 i can tell you niggas broke cause aint no weed in yo cigar
 dont listen  @chelseahandler go 2 vancouver bc i hear the weed is great youll love it rains a lot put thats the 
 god fucking damn it i wish i had some fucking weed. what the fuck.
 if u ever in the need for weed the home trees got what u need  @jakerbakerr
 lol he just inlove with the fact weed legal up there i miss his ass man
 lol i love marijuana
 free smoke free smoke
 every time okc is on i think steven adams smoke a lenio time to get down with this funky norteno
 greg abbott recreational amp medicinal marijuana legalization in texas  sign the petition  via @change
 what sort of weed are you using where you are in any danger of overdosing 
 i used to smoke but even since i started vaping i cant stand the smell of cigs. plusssssssss this second hand smoke shit is no bueno
 my dad was so close to finding my weed just now. i almost had a heart attack he wont be mad i just dont want a fucking lecture right now.
 tell me why my dog farted and it smelled like weed 
 @realjameswoods @mmmoonie some how i think there was weed involved
 cant wait to get there and smoke and and listen to zelda music
 if i took a shot for how many times some people posted snaps of weed or smoking weed on their stories  id die from alcohol poisoning.
 i smoked and wrote two fire ass songs back to back 
 free smoke 
 @liamanderson16 happy birthday u crackhead i fucking love u have a good day my g smoke a fatty later
 free smoke free smoke morelife 
 why you choosing to smoke all that extra tobacco.. just roll a normal blunt yall  
 when she say she dont smoke weed .2 seconds before snorting a line of coke 
 do not disturb goes hard  blem goes hard  sacrifices  free smoke  gyalchester  portland ... fuck it  they all go hard 
 its 2017 and people still smoke cigarettes
 free smoke free smoke
 im tryna smoke amp cuddlee
 can you not smoke in my face
 we gotta weed through the lames 
 i got big weed n sumn wit me n this mans bear rdy 2 get laid dwn
 its seems breathing in cigarette smoke from documents is enough to give me a sore throat. yuck.
 when my friend hits me up talking about i think i wanna smoke 
 its only tuesday and i have somehow managed to make the kitchen smokey for the third time
 some of yall smoke weed one time and call your selfs stoners
 finally having a some weed after a long day.
 definitely sitting in the hotel room watching bgc rn.  i got back @ 755  smoked my gas amp came right upstairs. sick.
 so someone called me and said they legalized marijuana in illinois incase i wanted a prescription  lol
 hate the smell of weed
 should i go smoke in my car real quick
 my mama said you was smoking them weeds its smell like a skunk im dead 
 if i take this job imma be staying in chico  weed  ashland and medford. 
 dont get angry when my moms smokes pot  hits the bottle and goes back to the rock
 maaaannnn  theyve been smoking for years. they smoke and cant even afford lighters  so they have to adapt. lmao 
 @souflowerremix it wont be acid but i am looking forward to the blunt imma smoke before the conxert 
 his ass acting like he jus smoked some wet 
 told my dad i can get him some cannabis rub or drops and he looked at me and said how u gonna get it had to hit him wit the lady i know 
 i love ice water while im smoking weed
 @cobragreek well i think she achieved high parody last year when she claimed legalized weed killed people like opiods  so there
 roll me up a blunt  lemme smoke my problems away
 the smoke alarm is going off and theres a cigarette  still burning  please tell me why
 smoke amp eat eat amp smoke  smoke amp smoke  eat amp eat 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @medvedshow quit accusing dt of lying when clearly there is more smoke re o spying than silly russiadt collusion u 
 i guess lets smoke soon is the new dating
 it smells like weed amp pancakes in my apartment
 i dont to smoke this blunt by myself
 were hiring click to apply reefer mechanic  join our team   technicians automotive southholland  il job
 just kuz ion smoke weed dont mean ion fw gang
 ohioans seek residency requirement for marijuana cultivation 10tv 
 you live in the u.k. the weed i smoke would kill you lmao 
 @rachelc0ne this is the governments version of natural selection by bear mauling to weed out all the idiots.
 @reckless why did your video lead to such heated comments smokers are continuing to smoke because of misinformation 
 my weed probably smells like car is the most stereotypical stoner thing i think ive ever said
 free smoke free smoke  aye
 i need more friends that smoke .. until then my face game strong 
 hurry up n go to sleep so i can smoke weed on the balcony contemplate my righteousness
 its time to smoke  my heart hurts.
 @agoosedad nah  gas is slang for highquality weed
 having to quit smoking weed sucks
 i want to smoke but its so fucking windy and cold outside.
 where theres smoke... 
 my life goal is to smoke  eat and cook with action bronson @actionbronson 
 i remember a couple years back nick left his own birthday party to smoke a hookah pen and do hood shit savage mode
 putting them hempstead animal shelter on blast
 harrisburg only giving 75 fine for possession of marijuana. 100 fine if caught smoking. step in the right direction
 lol i smoke cause if i dont  ill stab someone in the face. not to look edgy or cool  well all know its a gross h 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 might pull up on tiff when i get off n smoke her ass out
 i was 14 smoked a blunt laced with shenanigans and stopped smoking for like 3 months 
 all you broke mfs wanna do is wake up and smoke skimpy blunts 
 you forgot. do you smoke weed 
 i knew someone who constantly smoked around their child  now he has asthma and has to take breath treatments with a machine....dont do it
 gucci hi my name is gucci mane  im addicted to everything  me bad bitches  fast cars  weed  and promethazine 
 how much  did smokey owe to big worm
 my dad looked at me and said its time to go to work and got up and went to go smoke a blunt 
 so my jacket smells like weed and i gave it to my girlfriend  im immune to it and dont smell it
 nep weed erryday 
 luanne amp i spent the morning weeding the stock ranch preserve. we weeded enough to fill two hand roll sushi shaped 
 i dare anyone to tell me there is a better spice than smoked paprika
 fresh school and people already smoking weed in it norton
 you can probably find me in a smokey bar sitting at a poker table with a stiff drink in my hand tonight . thirstythursdaymotherfucker
 me  penis  and weed  
 light rain gt smoke temperature down 76f gt 75f humidity up 69 gt 78 wind 17mph gt 19mph
 if i had a quarter for every time i saw an actual tumble weed in colorado id have like 5.
 cherry wood smoked breast of lamb threecoursethursday only 22 @thevillahc heavencity 
 like this tweet if u smoke weed im trying to get to 200k and for some reason i have a huge weed head following so this might work
 jason zucker gets smoked by brayden schenn like 3 seconds after the whistle. no call. mnwild
 you guys do not want this smoke kingdomdarts dartwars alright thatsit toomuchsauce tmoky 
 @cooperhawke regardless  ive had the same thoughts about lord dampnut. this is all smoke and mirrors  and hes still winning.
 lolol i just smoked a blunt with my manager wbu
 just tryna smoke and watch some movies
 30 days of nonstop pot......@dougbenson never gonna smoke again after this @midnight tweetsfrom10yearsago
 that game was insane. holy smokes way to go xavier
 i wanted to smoke w josephine and sharee but shits risky in macy late at night 
 conspiracy theorys and ganja hours
 @sisihere girl no. they talmbout lets smoke tomorrow night  now im bored amp sober
 @demonlimbs maybe if there was cyanide in the weed or liquid aids in the wine but other than that nah
 forced me to smoke 
 shes got hazel eyes and a wild side lighting up the room with her smokey little smile 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2023 w lafayette ave  violation notice outsta 
  @tonystewart @tonystewartrcg ty 4 update on smoke take anything factual we can thanks 4 explaining ill handling
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch  and give a good girl bad habits.
 free smoke  anybody want it they could get it no joke
 @stephenasmith chill bro you need to smoke weed you get to hyped in a debate
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1350 kitmore road baltimore  
 this white boy just tried to tell me a dubb means a win or a 20 sack of weed 
 lowkey smoke sesh  
 blem means high on marijuana
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1105 west lombard street baltimore  violation 
 throw my smokes out
 @cannatours420 is proud to be apart of the grass roots craft cannabis cup dispensary tour amp expo 
 anybody else know a bunch of suburban moms that are against legalizing marijuana but have enough painkillers to kill a rhino
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do.
 i want you to think it was a mistake every time you smoke with me
 sometimes i miss smoking weed  but then i think about the improvements ive made in my life since i quit
 i choked on my fucking smoke  @realdonaldtrump @speakerryan hilarious impeachtrump 
 @hbll whats going on the bathroom by the periodicals definitely smells like someone was smoking weed in there.
 you suck because you never invite to smoke and your also dumbfunny af 
 its a smoke amp chill kinda night fa sho
 come smoke a new vudu damballa with a spiked fashion and just sit back relax and enjoy your 
 oak planked smoked lemon pepper salmon on my traeger... wow @ torres central 
 @nbated  holy smoke  bucks win
 my aunt gave me weed pretzels i aint even know they made those
 gonna smoke this blunt then off on the road
 from coughing for like a week straight  im starting to sound like ive smoked for 50 years. deep manly dontcallmeyoullgetconfused
 also huge shouts to cal v lucky to have u @emcal45  now lets go smoke a baaaatttt
 too much weed im super high
 free smoke free smoke aye
 free smoke sounds just like summer 16
 just posted a video @ thrive cannabis marketplace 
 jake smoked a cigarette through my ear  idk what could be more romantic
 low key been wanting to smoke again lately 
 hardest thing about being female and a pothead is your plugs always end up trying to get with you. like bro im just trynna smoke
 @itsfoodporn @boarshead smoked gouda is my choice for grilled cheese with pickles and tomatoes
 smh. need to shave. find sumn to do to dis tuff of weed on my head and find a bathing suit and a damn cover up 
 @nevergetsnone79 @abc nah  hes really a weed man. not coke
 just smoked a blunt with my uber driver lmfao cool ass dude
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation canalfulton  oh
 @nbcnightlynews this clearly shows that nunes was sent to create a smokescreen for potus. he should step down from committee.
 all we smoke is purpled weed  make the whole world believe  im fw that shine on me @tecdactb
 listen to thru the smoke | jmo feat. 2nd sight | prod. by invaluable by jmo2times np on soundcloud 
 this weed calms me from mayhem but im built for war like saiyans
 this bitch be thirsty to smoke 
 haha wouldnt it be cool if ppl locked up for marijuana possession were all let go and given their right to vote back
 coffee  weed and nature shows ripcity saturdaymorning 
 love the bacon flavor  drinking a smoked porter by @newportstorm @ newport storm brewery   
 no smell is worse than your clotheshair after going to a bar where you can smoke inside 
 finding lost weed is a good feeling
 a little rain  but it wont stop the smoke from rollin. if its chunky  its good @ 
 west madison smoker 12 lb beef smokedgouda picodegallo chipotlesauce bananapeppers 
 shoutout to the people that tried to smoke us out on b street. too bad you crashed your last car.
 @fiftyminus2 i think vodka or gin are better than marijuana anyway...
 enjoying the local health food scene. @ pappys smokehouse 
 part maine coone...  looking to be adopted with her friend smokey.... 
 free smoke free smoke aye
 my mama just asked me why i smell like weed like i havent been friends with ariel for years 
 @jwguidry ugh he smokes. nevermind
 ima just smoke it off tho
 i want my wedding in the summer that way people dont have to put on jackets to go out and smoke cigs. common courtesy ya know guess who
 harrys smokehouse @ fashion centre at pentagon city 
 think im going to smoke purple swishers in my car tonight and tweet out depressing things its been a while
 whos down to smoke
 grabbed dutches kid behind counter hit me with a time to go smoke drugs .... niceeeeee
 who tryna smoke  who tryna smoke  roll it up  thats my favorite quote  lil debbie  lofty 
 fr who got weed in kentucky pull up or meet up
 @drbbq is a ribeye roast the same as a prime rib smoked one tonight and tasted nothing like a ribeye and all like a prime rib thanks bge
 wont smoke  wont pass  wont hit it if it aint fire
 smh stop doing drugs people just smoke weed. livepd herbalife
 i wanna cute gf i can send random thirst traps too amp smoke fat with   whys that so hard 
 why is it so hard to find someone to sell me weed today 
 who can i pull up on and smoke this backwood w.
 finally got my rec replaced. after like 2 months without it. can finally pick up weed again. 
 i just wanna smoke and vent
 i swear i smoke too much  
 this old white woman said you smoke weed and stuff and licked her lip i cant
 also  i do not trust bitches that only smoke backwoods
 i need to smoke bro 
 @mirendam and i are currently battling our smoke alarm bc its dying and we dont know how to make it stop
 seems like everyone who shouldnt kno bout my weed habits been questioning me bout them lately
 kids...   dont do drugs  just smoke a blunt a calm down. we love you 
 @cspanwj why is it good to spend 20 000 on a pot smoker who got caught  and start them on the lifestyle in the gutter send to them school
 will i smoke this bitchyes probably fail my piss test 
 thank u green chef ur name sounds like a cannabis cooking company 
 now that the smoke has cleared a bit  my thoughts on the significance of the voicemail from drakes mom on 
 just wanna smoke and make some music rn 
 brunch my fav meal...eggs benedict over smoked salmon with a side of fruit over chia seed pudding amp granola 
 free smoke free smoke 
 no free smoke 
 @steadycraig @randballsstu didnt that one say something about smoking marijuana if you played it backwards
 just because i dont like to smoke or drink or do anything that canwill get me in trouble doesnt mean i dont exist.
 free smoke free smoke
 i need to fucking smoke
 im so glad that ive never been a smoker. 
 can we smoke before and do these thx 
 @enrelchi @teknogrot any dem candidate that actively promotes weed legalization will get a much larger dem turnout in their election
 i hate smoking. i hate niggas that smoke. i hate smoke itself. i hate the smell of a cigarette. 
 yolo his parents know i smoke pot  they know petes brother smokes ... well he actually ingests and gets high for 20 hours lmao
 do i have a story for the next @twojslater it amazes me how bold people are  thinking its ok to tell me youre taking weed out of state
 rather smoke by myself
 who wants to smoke this long..... 
 all that nigga do is smoke coffee 
 lmaooo.. is marijuana illegal 
 i was feigning for weed in nola amp i just so happened to have red hair at the time now these hoes wont stop tagging me in wanda gifs 
 o cus u smoke huh 
 not to mention the fact that i just showed my mom the weed i bought from my brothers dispensary dude what is happening in my life rn 
 just wonna lay down and smoke witcha
 nigga  i got to stop consuming weed
 i literally just woke up with my sister amp we smoked before she went to school amp now im going back to sleep  what a life
 why i smoke with my dad the other day
 .@wbur on community support for cannabis retail in ma  some locals are dubious  
 ion smoke like that but the way this fucking virus playing duck duck goose i need too 
 its 2017 bro. you can order weed to your door from anywhere in canada. the legalization will only hurt marijuana c 
 thinking i was about to smoke but then i realize i aint even got tree 
 i hate when ppl smoke in my car cause its so stank after and blunt spray just make it spell like smoke and perfume
 i dont smoke. i dont smoke. i dont smoke.
 uhh no who going to waste weed on a 5050 nut not i she better add weed to the pile. 
 xanax are the devil stick to weed or maybe codeine if portioned right 
 i remember not even bothering to think about whether i smelled like weed or not
 i create beasts what can i say this lady smoked this cardiostrength circuit then we went and 
 ill just smoke a blunt and go bacc 2 sleep
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 wow because its a song about weed and 420 is national weed day  so amazing i never wouldve guessed 
 listen to no smoke prod. gnealz amp akachi by lil purpp smokepurpp np on soundcloud  @smokepurpp @lilpumpjetskiii
 @killacag @deaiid @jquiiin people still smoke cigarettes
 maxx offered to smoke me out to catch up  i hate him. 
 i wanna drink that shot of whiskey  and i wanna smoke that cigarette
 survey for class should medical marijuana be sold on college campuses
 i wish i could just smoke amp chill when this storm hit but noooo i gotta be at work 
 a smoke a day keeps the bullshit away
 alice showed us a song so we go what does it say and ig its something about weed omg
 while i smoke twice as much as him with employment  
 cigarettes should be illegal not weed 
 these smoked corn dogs tho  @ butcher and the brewer  @clebrewing in cleveland  oh 
 the smoke sesh face  @toriraae 
 smoke some dick suck some weed @lugoprice
 prevent weeds before they come up  its much easier than trying to get them all later lawncaremonth april 
 sehrrsschon im home come kick my ass and also smoke me out bc i think my weed jar is in my car 
 these part time ass weed mans be blowing it 
 @waflanagan @andymcphalanx @daneuntamed pants and i dont get a long. weed and i are besties.
 swalwell trump surveillance claims a distraction  smoke bomb  via @newsmaxit s hard coming from ca.
 youre smoking weed in a car with no type of tint on your windows okkk
 change the batteries in your smoke alarms. protip
 omg you smoke weed id have never known  bruh  how the fuck do you think i stay happy constantly
 holy smokes adam morrison looks horrible..
 i can never eat sleep read drink smoke run skip step write listen talk work enough to stop thinking and im really really tired of thinking
 well its nice to know my neighbors set off their smoke alarm butttt im pretty sure it wasnt due to their stove
 no weed smoke got me wondering how imma control all this aggression
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 11200 block of ne sandy blvd  portland  or portland fire rp17000026327 0317 pdx911
 some smokes never took art history 
 man the only thing that keeps me going is weed and thinking bout my day off
 accident cleared in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb at hempstead tpk  stop and go traffic back to sunrise hwy  delay of 14 mins traffic
 its 2017. if you still smoke cigarettes there must not be something right in your head
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation job jobs
 money  weed  amp food. 
 i smoke my weed and mind my business.
 testing out my mny24k palette with a gold and bronze daytime smokey eye. so far i can say i 
 i dont smoke crack mf i sell itttt 
 love a loaded smoker @shedsbbqboston we werent messing around last night. bbq meat 
 if yall hide ya guns amp weed like yall hide ya bms amp gfs yall ass wouldnt be in jail 
 im on spring break and all i want to do is smoke and adventure
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 mind you when he pulled up to auto zone his bmw was over heating w. hella smoke coming out you need worry about your car and not me nigga
 always awkward when i get tests done at the doctor bc then i have to prepare myself for the we found traces of marijuana conversation
 who ever took it  smoked good that evening cigarlife 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 bruh this bitch smoked out  
 cough cough choke too much smoke. trumprussia  trumprussia
 chilling in the studio with big marc. quick 3 hour sesh then smoke break then back at it from 10midnight.
 all i smoke is gas  bigfacts
 pr220233 new medical marijuana consultations and patient referrals rulemaking approval resolution of 2017 
 @realdonaldtrump lmao the u.s. make it alone against north korea wtf are you on  fucking marijuana
 well since i cant smoke  ill just get super drunk fuck it
 got my food and weed for tomorrow because im really gonna be chilling all day 
 watsonville planning commission oks medical cannabis manufacturing facilities 
 just met alexs moms british boyf for the first time amp the first words he said were have you any marijuana im trying to get fucked up
 john just smoked a blunt on stage and passed it around the band during the drip.. legends. @tltsol
 russ showed up to the game dressed like smokey the bear
 tyler fucking compared smoking weed to getting vaccinations earlier and now im just sitting here trying to make th 
 @willberson most folks would go to makes a tender pot roast but i like your ac  enemas 1.tobacco smoke 
 sometimes they use smoke  even other flames as diversion  in the circus.   
 @thorntonfire currently overhauling  looking for hot spots. bc of fire and smoke  it will be some time before inve 
 see our latest northjackson  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 lets smoke
 talkin bout i dont pay to smoke lmao. do you know how u sound right now
 we need to smoke assad to ashes period  and russia needs to know to stand down or therere next time to make a statement outnumbered
 i dont mind smoking you out  but if its an everyday thing...yeah im slapping the shit out of you. get ya own weed some time you kefe.
 being in a negative atmosphere is like weed smoke if you are around it too long your attitude will begin to stink too. leave at oncejoy
 why women think you mean cuz you dont want them over to smoke up your weed all the time
 @latexxtasy wow what a fantastic smokey black latex butt.
 we now have passage of a medical marijuana bill in west virginia 
 i need me a lil boo to smoke with and lay up with on stormy days like this ......
 me having a panic attack and feelings of impending doom  me after smoking 1 weed bowl wholeheartedly singing cotten eyed joe in my car
 tonight though guelphlife all my people in guelph come thru and smoke a blunt welovehiphop 
 now that marijuana is decriminalized in kansas city. its ls me moving back to buffalo.
 two uruguayan companies plan to make yerba mate even better by infusing it with weed  via @remezcla
 just wanna smoke and listen to good music.
 you down to smoke
 if weed amp alcohol aint there   im not coming . dont invite me
 food  weed  bundles  clothes  a car  
 nelson cruz smoked that ball
 everybody knows ion smoke  
  seriously a crack smoker started the fire under atlanta i85 that eventually caused its collapse and closure
 boutta smoke this blunt to ..
 nobody on my follow list smoking weed like me. before you ask  yes i would love a cookie.   get it munchies  hahaha.
 panchos smoked ass really told me to walk to davis on friday... ummm i think tf not
 california moves to unite conflicting marijuana laws. 
 damn right im boutta smoke bluntclip outtatime yunglizzie @ pelham parkway 
 putins pr chief has a smoke show of a daughter 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 421 folsom street baltimore  send message.
 i find it weird how people be like hmu for weed  but ask u if you know where to get a gram  lmfao whut i thought you had it son
 i no longer smoke .. nobody offer me anything .. plz.
 says the young sperm cell that cant stay off the weed  
 i gave this kid an 8th of weed for a nintendo 3ds xl. if u do the math. i came hella up.
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 fake niggas in yo mix you gotta weed em out 
 boys that smoke throw them awaysuch a turn off 
 cant wait to smoke a bowl that test was killer
 i cant wait to smoke a blunt on my porch in the mornings and listen to the birds while on snapchat lol
 fuck feelings wheres the weed at
 i just wanna smoke but nicole wont wake her fucking ass up what the fuck
 see our latest bellefontaine  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 i wouldve smoked her idc 
 @shannanity my friend used to chew on straws when she wanted a smoke.
 if you get a sore stomach just lay down andor have a smoke
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i need another spring break @ cades cove  great smokey mountains 
 gott daaaaaamn smoke tree bbq is the wave
 i dont smoke skimpies 
 who tryna smoke nikka
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 900 s paca st  send message. 
 people started running down the stairs when the fire alarm started amp .. all we could see was a lot of smoke  
 syria dont want smoke our military finna go off
 gas what i smoke nigga 
 rumor has it if u say xanax 3x in tha mirror lil pump amp smokepurpp come out yellin esskeddit lol
  bampc market bbq specials today  smoked ribs  smoked salmon  amp grits come see us @ 900 rosa l. parks blvd. 
 who wanna link right now  listen to some unreleased music and smoke blunts 
 @littlejoeradio @carmchris1 so will kevin have to toke his weed out side now so joe wont piss dirty poproblems
 the whole world needs to meditate and smoke a jay...
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 my humanities teacher is wearing a tie with weed leaves on it 
 if i planted my thoughts marijuana would grow
 mathewmcconaughey   i have never liked him.  i would never like an actor who smokes pot amp kills bambi.  
 .@katieglueck .@markshriver .@lindseygrahamsc .@senjohnmccain .@mcclatchydc .@kasie aussie kerfuffle is smoke amp mirrors keep eyes on prize
  my people smokegun85 and jaredkash on youtube... check us out sherodsherodincubus1 ps4
 dumbass dom decides to smoke a blunt in my sisters car infront of my house so now my mom needs the car and she gone bitch at me
 @futurecolby10 @jeffersonbrownn @loganhare3 you wish colby  me and tate are gonna smoke yalls ass
 i like how me amp my brother tryna come up on a plan to smoke
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 @iijeriichoii i mean i live in sf i have no problem with it.  but to a lot of the countryworld  weed is much worse than alcohol
 one hit you wont want to smoke anymore
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 @ad31 u dont smoke though
 @craigyferg the pockets are for keeping the weed.
 anyone who believes malcolm butler can shut down julio jones is smoking the same cocaine rick james smoked
 and why you never love me when i need  ive been tryna cope im getting weed.
 @nicosantoscomic you came and visited us at the smokehouse
 sneaking somebody out the hospital to smoke is always fun
 first impression of la everywhere smells like weed
 cant wait to smoke a blunt with my boys tomorrow haha
 @cassanova17 @whatshisfaceg did u not see how much we smoked
 we deserve a smoke break 
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 the sopranos make me wanna eat and mad men makes me wanna smoke.
 i need a smoke 
 jus wanna smoke 
 does kellyanneconways skin begin to smoke as she gets close to a church asking for an exorcizing priest friend.
 dont smoke marijuana while pregnant.   
 fucking til the sun come up  then thats when we smoke and i cook you breakfast naked
 i say ima stop somokin then i smoke the next minute this gotta stop 
 you know how people smoke crack well she chews ice this is how people introduce me
 i got to smoke before i do anything or it aint gone go right 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 now theyre talking about investing in marijuana
 smfh cant we all smoke weed and chill 
 whats attractive about a pot head or a smoker
 but my dad didnt tell my mom he found weed that nigga just took my shit
 debating on wanting to go to smoke on the water or not 
 goodell says medical advisors have advised nfl not to change current marijuana policy... league will keep monitoring. superbowl
 drinking a double dry hopped space diamonds by @otherhalfnyc @ b.t.s smokehouse  
 @bornnc no smoke
 i hate those sketchy gas stations that smell like a smoke shop
 she can smoke and she can drink as much as i can she made me food and rolled a joint when i broke my hand. 
 funny  welltimed vatican joke.  would the smoke be @sacrepublicfc red if there is a compromise and white if side 
 common practices to avoiding social media account closures in cannabis. all enforced intermittently...unfairly. 
 youll want to add this smoked salmon with eggs and pesto to your weekend breakfast menu  trust 
 lmao smokes a splif before a game jheez 
 in need of a valentine to chill eat chocolate and smoke a blunt with
 im debating if i even wanna stop at the grocery store im fiending to smoke so bad. but munchies.
 i dont even smoke that much and i wanna order one 
 college is laying in bed taking a nap @ 7 pm amp hearing the smoke alarm go off and not getting up lmao
 2018 im going to go buy weed while i wait for my weed to grow
 if i smoked a bowl before i did my makeup i would end up not doing it 
 put that in ya pipe and smoke it 
 @dankcreative @leafly i must not smoke anything because of copd so cbd tinctures is for people like me
 you make me wanna smoke more.
 imma walk to his job and smoke the rest of this jay
 i will except no fake news or propaganda and i wont give kelly a one minute she is a smoke screen for trump and bannon
 someone come over lets smoke
 trying not to smoke too hard 
 yall niggas getting fat because all yall do is smoke cookies and get high. bayareaniggas wonder why 
 @mmpadellan please pay me in weed  thank you
 lmao fuck no...imma stick to regular  loud  weed 
 if you smoke at all 
 i wanna smoke my reefa amp enjoy how lifes supposed to treat ya.
 im trynna smoke a wood 
 youre the smoke to my high.
 just tried @locustcider smoked blueberry  @peddlerbrewing obsessed drinklocal drinkwacider
 finna smoke again
 anyone wana smoke  
 where the weed at 
 dont be shy @obamafoundation and @potus dont mind. roll up wherever. domt drink dont drive just smoke baby we got you @getnugg
 @cassanovahefner man smoked some before work yesterday almost didnt make it. the kosher taste amazing 
 @malikthamartian some that will make you go  looks at weed im good off this entirely
 with marijuana legalization  a new problem sprouts how to test for high drivers 
 lets be honest... a smoked salmon bagel with cream cheese is everything you want for brunch. 
 @isaiahrashad  i put ma weed in yo blunt
 last night.  drinking a smoked honey doppelbock 2016 by @steelandoak at @steelandoak   
 see our latest maryville  tn job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 when the weed brownies kick in 
 lmao once i took a flavored hookah pen to school and smoked it in the locker room.
 i remember mando asked evander griiim if he wanted to smoke w him  then he yelled out next time bring young thug 
 i miss alexis   so im putting smokegod lol
 well im going to go smoke so theres that 
 i want a bff who i can match outfits with thatll smoke with me amp skate occasionally 
 would be great with a jack browns burger  drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter at @bjccnews  
 @scboston19 @gdecon @mikedennismwc mikey you may need a smoke after this read 
 tried doing smokey eyes and now i look a raccoon. 
 do i know you we smoked together what remember at that party a few months ago i was dressed as the pope
 she wanna smoke my dope aye let her smoke my dope.
 the guy who was fixing my car today said it smelt like weed  so he gave me this  
 every time i smoke n i try to take a snapchat i always get smoke in my eye. snapchatbloopers whatudontreallysee
 drinking an a little crazy by @revbrewchicago @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 nj societal stigma against cannabis consumers is daft
 scallops  red curry  broccoli  smoked peanuts  parsnip by @miketayl0r @ eleven 
 lot of weed smoke all of the time til im nauseous
 nothing like a good bottle of tiny house ros and some smoked salmon to cap off a whole day of 
 i be rolling weed for everybody  that shit like torture cause i cant smoke 
 if you smoke cigarettes i already dropped some of my respect for you
 dearmiller is the auntie who lets you smoke on her back porch before youve graduated high school. @blackandsexytv
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you light up   spark up to this
 such a shitty feeling when my family constantly brings me down bc i smoke  its 20 fucking 17
 @keyssxv im not talking seashells now ... im talking about the things you roll weed in
 i just wanna smoke a bowl and watch mean girls
 this is why i just fucking smoke my feelings away fr. over it
 after that call imma smoke that blunt rn
 finna smoke the fattest blunt by myself
 wish i had somebody to smoke with right now
 i need to smoke  my nerves so bad rn
 this weed got me feeling some type of way 
 this is me everytime i smoke a blizzzzunt 
 vics never up with me to smoke this early 
 cornbread smokeybones  @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  colonie  ny 
 duck bacon wrapped poppers hitting the smoker. superbeef  houbbq bbq barbecue sb51 
 the conflicting reports on this are... conflicting. im guessing he really is hurt and positive reports are smokesc 
 told twon pass me the blunt   he think im playing lmaooo   i need one ampamp i dont even smoke 
 might as well smoke an l before i take on this super bowl sunday
 white privilege is calling weed pot
 the night i dont remember at the weed  part 4. @ tumbleweed dancehall amp concert venue 
 @urboychucc update im at kyosukes rn and i found my weed. im happy.
 856 am someones smoking weed in the laundromat good morning california
 my back hurts. i just wanna stay home  smoke  and do fun super bowl stufff.
 @nkankarosette according to jeh johnson  the vetting process was not sufficient to thoroughly vet the refugees to weed out terrorists.
 if i dont have a super bowl to smoke during the super bowl  im gonna be pissed
 @brandimercer so i was locked out for about 30 minutes in 35 degree weather bc i couldnt call my mom bc i smelt like weed 
 houston weed is trash as fuck
 if i drank as much as i smoked  i would be dead.
 getting ready for super bowl 8hour smoked ribs with just an average bottle of red. ribs 
 all the niggaz who sell weed dont come out until 9pm over here shit skressful
 when the weed man is holding up everybodys plans 
 last night i was mas faded i dont know the last time i smoked that much weed
 my mom still hasnt noticed im growing weed in my closet
 niggas really be bitchesnot this guyfuck around an get smoked fucking with me
 im handing out free smoke though. 
 @relldot dont get smoked fool
 every time i see your name @bigdaddycane420  i wanna break up some bud and smoke it
 falcons. elder tree. smoked briskest. pbr boom 
 all i do is work and pay bills and smoke all day smh  ive been reeeeal wishywash on my saving tip. smh loafin
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 cant yall tell i need weed
 south hempstead ny sun feb 5th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 superbowl tweet three beers deep game is almost starting regret at all time high will be smoking sooooo much weed soon
 and i dont smoke a million cigarettes and drink my life away so i dont even look my age.
 i knew my ass been smelling weed in the house my mom be fucking smoking in her damn room yo i thought it was just my nose
 would like to thank god for weed. during trying times like this patriots game the only stuff that calms my nerves is this.
 drink my beer and smoke my weed  my good friends are all i need.
 martha stewart making weed jokes might be the best super bowl ad tonight
 just wanna smoke my life away rn
 falcons. warriors. indians. carolina. alabama. holy smokes what a year for championship defeats.
 just wanna smoke and vibe out 
 literally nobody is down to smoke what is wrong with u people
 somebody pull up and smoke with me and we can even go on an adventure if u bout it
 lets go smoke some snow in the weed 
 anybody with nothing to do feel like searching for something to smoke with me
 im gonna ask a coworker if i can introduce his sonalso a coworker to cannabis because i wanna be someones weed guru again lol
 i just want to smoke a blunt with you
 its burger monday 12 price burgers all day come try the bbq burger @1732meats smoked garlic 
 @mikepence history of cannabis  
 my psychology teacher just told us to smoke that real shit not that fake shit. 
 anybody wanna smoke  i know its early
 i always smoked with someone who did 
 i smoke and drink coffee all day but its especially good in the morning
 people been telling me i smell like weed since i walked in school
 i hate when people smell like weed every single day
 @sensherrodbrown so u really want  to spend money on dumbasses who mis use drugs but will tax the fuck out of people who smoke.
 but there are still many good christians yes but what are you doing to weed out the bad ones nada
 weve done nothing but smoke weed and drink hot tea in bed today
 @postmalone you smoke so many cigs you got the cig emoji by your name on snappy 
 i cant wait to smoke 
 who needs weed
 your mcm car sounds like it smokes cigarettes
 domt smoke no more but im a call away from rolling it up
 smokes weed and goes to edm shows a few times fuck yeah man i need to get out to denver asap man i dont belong here man
 either i just burped up sum smoke or is so cold in my house you can see ur own breath
 bron smoked it
 imma smoke this blunt and scan in some roids 
 @uglygod smoke after harlows sac
 i smoked amp im okay now 
 lol we didnt even realize our boss gave us weed lean. 
 the urge to smoke is just getting stronger and stronger
 if you dont smoke  stop trying to talk to me.
 my smoke be thicker than a twitter how
 @midnight although  if you need help with that remote viewing stuff or music or astral projecting  weed helps.
 3 out of 5 smokers die me 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 10001098 north port street baltimore  
 bruh is that a cannabis strawberry smoothie  
 i be forgetting weed isnt legal recreationally lmao
 as the new marijuana laws mellow  teachers  executives amp the playdate parents are the new potheads  success now breeds pot
 @kfcbarstool which is more likely you liking tom brady or @lenadunham being smoke of the day
 i cant believe i @d someone on their own ig in their own comments.... thats what happens when you never smoke weed anymore amp finally do
 i know i shouldnt smoke anymore but damn...
 i love clothes like i love weed like i love women like i love chocolate
 our gorgeous  talented chef  @keirafae of ambrosia collective and the cannabis pot  made sure 
 who got smoke 
 been a long couple days. need a smoke or two. @ lake country cigars in delafield  wi 
 i recommend that you blend. it just creates that smokey vibe that makes you feel some way. lol but yeah heres some 
 @3o2mami lmaoo i want to smoke 
 its @linabugz here taking over i just landed in portland for my birthday week  first stop homegrown smoker for so 
 fuck authoritarian politicians their our bodies    not yours... end cannabis prohibition now.......  jeff davis  
 roll one up for my nigga  gotta smoke it alone  somebody killed him. roamin the city stoned  wont leave the town alone
 that fruity weed is not gas 
 now im smokin weed by the saaaaand
 someone smoke with meeee
 warren is just another smoke blowing libtard...when will they grow up 
 i wanna hang and smoke with @ravenfelix
 trippin on bs smokes weed fuck the bs 
 jesus was a stoner  why cant anyone wrap their head around that.  manna was marijuana and sea weed blended together  perfect food. mary
 everyday i see the way weed smokers tweet and it makes me never ever want to smoke..... yall deep af for no reason
 wisconsin senate expected to pass marijuana extract today 
 maybe sacajabullshit can send smoke signals. 
 its cold foo ion even wanna stand outside n smoke
 got a chick  i call her lola she feel like the ocean like to drink and smoke some doja 
 cleanglass is the best. what are you smoking through be a cleanbongsnob prevent resin with weedwipes. photo cre 
 emmett i dont think people are picking through ashtrays to find marijuana
 just smoked a cigarette. never again. fuck that noise
 i dont find anything attractive about a not doing anything for himself smoke all day at the house with no job type of guy
 i dont want goooo if its not no weed there 
 need a new weed man while mine locked up i got rules dont bring me no bs weed n dont be down the street for a hour
 someone bring me a wrap   ill smoke with you.
 @lilboat7 @saucysimba @javieeercito @princehoeing the what kind of weed is this 
  109 years war veteran old  smokes 12 cigars a day and drives. thats made in america snowflakes
 boutta smoke a fat ass facial after group
 i emailed my notes to a classmate. after he read my email  he later asked me if i was aware that my last name meant marijuana. lol typical.
 when i smoke gas gas i start to cry.
 @walgreenscvs im sayin not enough doobage smoke in the world
 i always get so hungry after i smoke
 if u my nigga im ridin wit ya right or wrong.  been waitin on da smoke 
 @36buns @airbagged thats what happens when you try to make a living selling weed socks for a living.
 im in luv w my weed man
 im just ready to get off so i can rub on them cheeks and smoke a blunt
 i aint smoked all year this the last song so im finna wipe that off
 the way you go blind when the bonfire smoke blows your way but youre not even mad about it.
 selling two tickets for juicy j. 25 each pop. smoke before the show is a for sure hmu
 @tedcruz  party of the kkk  you just voted for the guy who liked the kkk  until he found out they smoke weed.  you are such a tool.
 its nice to smoke in your room but i rather smoke outside so my things wont smell like hella pot lol
 i need marijuana..
 knicks make me want to smoke cigarettes again smh..
 i smoke king kong shit 
 i smoked out of my cone finally....
 or you wanna smoke 
 1 14 papers i be smoking loud....... see you smoke out ounces and i smoke out of pounds there 
 i dont know who was saying recreational marijuana is all set up here in california but thatss not really the truth. its not till 2018..
 i want to smoke so badly but i know i shouldnt 
 i can smell weed in my apartment and i already know its my neighbors lmao
 its not time for all that smoke link dick 
 i finallllly got the weed smell out of my car and im bout to smoke a blunt in it. fuck it 
 she smoke and drink all the time  but she got her shit together.
 incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 39 i90  state fair i690 
 i visit him on his smoke break
 today  i doubled down on greatness.  a smoke and a pancake
 @nikkicigfiend i like women that smoke long all white cigarettes with red or dark lipstick
 calvinism 3 that smoke
 armando is making pozole  this is the smoked pork that he is going to use  come get some  lol 
 dad i dont like that you tan  me i dont like that you smoke..  dad touch 
 i dont smoke but this is hilarious 
 i jus wanna smoke  but no money cause i just booked this vacation
 @zionslayer @xlmarine @tweak626 @sgtmorgan811 i prefer the ganja... it takes the edge off amp mellows me  just enough ......
 @huffpostcomedy i keep saying that.   although what he really needs is a little medical marijuana
 so sad i live in a state that demonizes weed so much. its not that serious
 last night we had a group of random people having a smoke sesh together at our lodge  gotta love boulder 
 dude weed lmao
 this page on schlenkerla brewery site describes this oak wood smokekilned malt bier and their other smoked beers 
 i dont selll crack i smoke it
 you should not be doing years in prison for selling marijuana you should not be doing years in prison for selling marijuana you should not b
 handle any situation. smoke joints to the face to stay motivated @xdannyxbrownx
 @kianalovebug i be hoping that the niggas i date like weed so we can smoke together lmaooooo
 havent smoke in a month 
 on who da apartment laundry rooms aint da smoke out links
 karaoke night  come sing and smoke a hookah  and dont forget byob  and open till 2am. hope to see you there.
 ima start eating before i come home cause seem like alllll the wanna do is smoke and i like to eat lol df
 burnt end and a moonshine arnold palmer makes the trauma of having my stitches out @ bone daddys house of smoke 
 i just heard someone say i could never live in durango my whole life. i would die of smoking weed.
 no matter where i go in scottsdale they never have the cigs i smoke. like why. rich people like menthols too right
 sounds like she already smoked it with those weird questions 
 i think all terrorists should be allowed to enter our country in washington st. let them vet them there and weed out the bombers and rapists
 dont even smoke but i feel like smokin and eatin hot wings tonight
 i dont understand why you bitches hating on niggas cause yall can get smoked too 4
 this was great especially participating with dfw norml and learning more about marijuana and 
 i just wanna smoke a bowl 
 smokes weed once 
 whos tryna kick n it smoke
 since ive buying blunts and only buying papers when i smoke hella blunts with my bro i get a fat headache.
 everybody that promised me a head buss the first time i decide to smoke better run me my shit when im ready lmaoooo
 @jhocelynmirc lmao the nicest most genuine people i know smoke weed and drink  and thats okay
 hoes gettin  out and we on ganja 
 the max black history bus stopped to visit the students at hemphill elementary today 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   transportation byhalia  ms
 no weed  no friends
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1509 west lombard street baltimore  send message.
 might slide down on 94 and smoke and go to work just might
 hahahahaha if i could smoke i would.  ppl do alot of shit that get on my nerves @ the blvd at 
 @doranimated the first thing that popped into my mind was coming soon to a theater near you  smokey and the bandit the next generation
 youont smoke  doe
 26 i prefer beer over hard liquor bc im a lightweight with liquor fuck u i rather smoke weed
 dan  debating between a car wash and a pack of smokes wakeytabacky store here we come.
 taje so unreliable moe lmaoo  takes 20 years to respond. im just trying to smoke
 dont get why people are prescribed highly addictive opioids to reduce pain instead of weed when they effectively do the same thing.
 drinking a smoked porter by jacked up brewery @ jacked up brewery  
  holy smokes @aliciakeys you rocked it for sure smile
 i cant be slain in for honor niggas dont want it wit the gun smoke
 i dont even smoke but the fact they just smoked all these jays  im high off contact 
 people smoke vape pens like the oil isnt being heated up by a lithium battery
 @gasoperated300 man im sorry to hear that. i buried my best friend a month ago because of alcohol. he preferred to smoke
 get someone with a thermal to make sure someone isnt missing in the weeds around here
 cigarettes make me feel so good when i only smoke like 1 or 2 a day
 dont @ me but like every guy that smokes weed raps  lmao yeaaaah me too
 these thots really got out the car while at the drive thru to smoke lol
 brother have a great weekend and enjoy some great smokes  
 have a smoke babe.
 stop letting anybody smoke witchu
 my dad just told me some guy reeks of weed and i told him hes living the dream
 docs smokehouse will crush it 
 oh you in love. 2months ago the tweet wouldve went. beat a nigga up today yall. it was justified tho. buddy smoke 
 now smoke that in ya crack pipe as my grandmother would say lol
 accident closing exit in fortworth on 20 eb at i35w  stopped traffic back to hemphill st dfwtraffic 
 we are at sammys game amp the dude in front of us has a stash of weed amp im getting a contact high rn.
 they gotta show called bong appetite they be cooking with weed and no not like baking brownies these mfs be making 3 course meals n shit..
 if were goin down in flames  the smokes gonna spell my name
 having a smoked daffy dog at @botskyslc before i high tail it out of here back to houston. always a good time in la 
 i smoke a lot of gas   drink a lot of syrup .. did a lot of dirt .. flipped a lot of work 
 whos trying to smoke a blunt on the north end  stadium and watch me dig through think for tonight
 i just paid 60 to get my oil change what the fuck. im so used to paying in weed this is bullshit
 its my birthday amp ive been sober and drugfree for 100 days. not sure exactly how many days lol. oct 30th was the last day i smoked tho.
 heck yeah kaylie was in the money today yall run them barrels with smoke coming off the 
  saturday night live  edward snowden  anna nicole  dossier  what is a pangolin  smokey robinson  myles garrett  2017211 1404 cst
 dont even smoke anymore but i need a blunt fr 
 i been coming across some great movies. i gotta write them down because i smoke too much and be fogetting the damn name lml
 this why i smoke weed.. cause i would kill half you bitches sober .
 my dad claims my brother is to busy smoking the reefer to hangout with us 
 am i the only one who doesnt smoke weed
 we got a lot of marijuana
 if yall want to smoke pass that shit 
 saw the lego batman movie. now smokey bones for dinner.
 i would smoke way more if i knew how to roll
 what u mean who i love bitch im in love with weed
 im just trynna smoke
 can i talk about weed on twitter or will the feds notice
 steve kerr isnt a coach. he stands on a sideline  sucks up to steph and kd and smokes pot at night.
 i have also only smoked 1 cigarette today and my body feels so much less tired than usual.
 @amberh8r false alarm i am staying another night  fuck i wanna smoke w you
 and i cant tell anyone anything anymore about my depression cause theyre gonna be like stop smoking weed or quit being a pussy
 guys that smoke ltltltlt yuck 
 bout to smoke this l and be rocked 
 sunday morning smoke and cuddle sessiions wanted
 everyday i gotta wake up and smoke one for unk
 smh hung out with my friends yesterday and all they did was smoke  eat and go home  this is why i stopped its an easy waste of time
 a lot of weed and a lot of coffee in my mornings 
 incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 
 mavglass water pipe with uv effect now available @hilifesmokeshop @ hilife smoke amp vapor shop 
 not that i was gonna smoke or anything rn  but i just noticed i lost a whole 8th. 
 new beer brewmaster steve behind created a good o... berglers smoked pepper porter  photo
 cuz oh honey ill smoke you till im dyin 
 big up big smokey 
 new music video out now dj smokey  blessed never stressed official music video by @positivepabs check it out r 
 no i dont smoke. 
 nah man i dont use ecigs i just smoke regular old acoustic cigarettes
 as long as i can be arrested for weed  and rapists are let free  i will drag cops and the legal system and if you dont like it fuck off
 but i smoke my problems away
 got weed in my shroom tea
 you smoke reggie 
 i dont understand the difference between the chain smokers  21 pilots and dnce. grammys
 wyd after you smoke this 
 i see all these young people smoke cigarettes and its wild. how dumb do you have to be to ruin your body like that at such a young age
 i love this shit hella weed and shit. pussy so tight it make the rubber rip 
 q what type of person you dont have to say hi to  a a person who smokes weed  this joke was not sponsored by colorado milehigh
 my sister woke me up at 3am to smoke and had nothing to roll in so now im awake and sober
 gotdamn i just wanted to smoke a cigarettes but you mf love shootin in this bitch smfh
 i often wonder if life smokes after it fucks me or maybe it enjoys a nice wine hmm 
 we have a million ways to say marijuana what makes u think you can scope out terrorism this way 
 wish i could smoke the  out of my favorite fuzzy to start the week @labrecque47
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 32 north mount street baltimore  
 its too damn early for me to be smelling cigarette smoke and for you to be smok
 merp i need to be home where my weed isssssssss
 to smoke or not to smoke 
 woke up with a headache and smoked until it was gone.
 ill let you inhale  like an atheist i dont need to smoke  old kendrick was 
 i give no fuks when i go nuts  cause i smoke dust  overdose on the sofa.....dead
 colorado marijuana sales hit 1.3b in 2016  up 30 from year earlier 
 @dailyrushbo @limbaugh @youtube rush has hit on something here. big tobacco is back  cheers pc gov approves pc marijuana  no harm  gov says
 @cnn  nobody knows what djt means.  its all smoke and mirrors.  emptywords
 i smoked so much weed this weekend it couldve lasted me like two weeks and now i have none 
 @hot944 @flexreport google addam b   .. 56 double solo albums online .. smoke a joint and play it loud ..
 when youre out in public and you admit to yourself  yeah  i probably smell like weed. happymonday
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1807 hollins street baltimore  send message. 
 hows someone so inept amp stupid become successful business person probably all smoke amp mirrors. thats why cheeto doesnt release taxes
 @julytabicat @tntntx03 @fawfulfan @icbinns @bunique4him @kriskobach1787 thats true. grandma voted for legal weed twice that way.
 foh lemme smoke this blunt 
 breaking air7hd is overhead now. mickey amp friends parking structure appears full. smoke subsiding. 56 cars reportedly ablaze. live next.
 ion smoke 
 who tryn smoke with these shorties amp i
 yep  smoke screen people dont be fooled @cnnpolitics @rolandsmartin @foxnews @realdonaldtrump @gop 
 i just need to go on a smoke cruise
 frfr dont hmu to smoke   i dont smoke anymore
 if weed can get a holiday  why cant vapes get one too
 something im proud of is the fact that i have never smoked a cigarette. neverwill
 eat some cookies then smoke or smoke then eat some cookies
 want a cookout milkshake lowkey  but i aint gettin out of bed unless i can get weed during my adventure
 cant wait to get off to smoke this blunt and get mcdonalds 2 more hours lol 
 @xibleedbeauty mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @saboraaaaa mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @adoreec mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 so........what yall telling me is nobody wanna smokeok 
 no weed thou 
 is it relevant right now at this moment that rs are talking about aca.  its a smoke screen so they dont have to talk about lying donny
 my day will consist of weed  ice cream  movies  and my bed 
 to all women who use abortion as birth control  birth control is basically free or the cost of a pack of smokes
 @emolclause @speakerryan dill weed
 tom from @buabar in the east village shows us how to make the smoke and spice tequila jalapeno  
 figuring out how many cigarettes need to be smoked in a bar to cause eye irritation lol
 smh bro i hate everyone but this weed
 being evicted notice served last night its not even about rent false allegations that we smoke offic  aclu... 
 still waiting on a cure  some worry marijuana derivative bill doesnt do enough  via @argusleader sdleg
 when you see the weed man from the other side of the club 
 @amcronin87 shes demonstrating how she smoked that...cigar.
 maybe joetrudeau will actually legalize weed 
 somebody smoke with me
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2817 sunset drive baltimore 
 coming soon....... our newest sandwich family member  slow smoked pork belly with our 
 too smoke or too dri... smoke
 id rather smoke this tonight though  its so cute 
 this wont smoke itself 
 i smoke too much
 when youre in so much menstrual pain  that bae decides to bring weed over and have you smoke it. 
 stop doing this. i smoke way too much for ya to keep doing this shit 
 eampj over weed....for now.  
 i did a fuschia smokey eye tonight for work paired with an all black outfit and i like to think thats called killing it 
 @sweetcaireen a bowl of weed hahaha
 @1tiaramy youre fucking hilarious i smoke that weed  got this asthma 
 seems appropriate for a 1 am smoke  @ajfcigars last call thecrew tc2 smokethegoodones 
 imagine if u were a weed smoker lol 
 happy wednesday. maybe your cannabis be rich in terps.
 @potus time to start weeding the swamp.  @realdonaldtrump
 have you ever tried catching cold smoke you wont want to miss our daily feature 
 waking up weedless is the worst
 top 5 places in baltimore to smoke pills at you wont believe 3  
 @arochocinco85 @psh8989 as if youre not already excited  their meat is fresh amp smoked daily
 whoops  we just moved on to the marijuana.
 i have 2 tickets for smokey robinson tonight at foxwoods 10th row if anyone wants them
 got my pick up for the day i love weedy salad @lmucampusrec 
 if you wanna smoke crack and youre not hurting anyone else  who gives a fuck
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   elmira  ny
 im so sick i cant enjoy a smoke life is pain
 had to cutt my workout short today.. that smoke getting to me 
 @realmikefox please come to caregiversforlife @ 310 saint paul street denver colorado for rso colorado cannabis oil. its the real deal
 why is your weed laying eggs 
 access to cannabis should not be limited to just a certain amount of stateslegalizecannabisinall50states 
 free smoke  anybody want it they can get it no joke 
 that weed be so potent i cant face a whole wood
 what would make somebody say dont smoke the stem if it catches fire like everything else and got thc on it why shouldnt i smoke it
 she said aw yeah now ik you smoke weed  wtf kind of store is this 
 kills the smell but not the smoke but it works 
 @ydmclothing check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 date idea smoke a bowl on the beach in the middle of the night with someone while we watch the stars.
 anyone want to come smoke with me
  i remember our smoke sessions in the garage lol best times
 ismokeditand i smoked it again  and so on.
 if you smell like marijuana  cigarettes  and a bottle of hennessy at 7 am feel free to sit far as you fucking can a 
 i smoke as much weed as i actually breathe.
 the smoke we shared was. 
 been told yall you better watch out for those light skin boys with that tumble weed haircut
 from @francisnyic on longisland  businesses on franklin ave  main st in hempstead closed in support of strike adaywithoutimmigrants
 @yassssminaaa i like how more smoke came out the right nostril compared to the left 
 people here are more surprised when you dont smoke cigarettes.
 the funniest part about this is literally none of us smoke weed 
 yep  hes going after legal weed. bookit
 this weed shit take forever to get out
 i swear i dont be wantin to smoke till i realize there aint shit to do
 my auntie bloody for the weed brownies 
 fena smoke and eat 
 who wants to smoke a blunt
 heaven on a platter.  @ smoked kitchen and tap 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 139 s catherine st  violation notice outstand 
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 you fuck around get smoked.
 i need weed in my life.
 copped some weed and some hard lemonade. weathers nice. sounds like a picnic in the making.
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 8400 block of ne sacramento st  portland  or portland fire rp17000014414 1203 pdx911
 men get weird bout weed amp sports if ur a girl lmaooo its a background check name 10 players on the vikings practice squad if u like sports
 this woman just said ooh  thats a nice spot in reference to wear i hide to smoke and eat on my break 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmbfggg
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhhghh
 im at hempstead turnpikeamp route 107 in plainedge  ny 
 i just wanna smoke amp play basketball 
 @uber hey my driver has marijuana in his cup holder if i tuck and roll out of here onto the highway will i get a refund
 somebody smoke with me 
 coworker tells me to get to work because i step outside every 45 minutes to smoke
 thanks to @westgatelv for giving us a room that reeks with the smell of weed  
 got myself a little hemp kit from work 
 if you aint on shit  if you trynna smoke  you can hit my line
 @tuvok2017  stay off that loco weed  not good for you
 the stars are so perfect to smoke a blunt to tonight
 you cant smoke no black amp mild with me
 niggas is selling weed on letgo 
 @realdonaldtrump hey bud....legalize weed..we need it
 who tryna fw waffle house n smoke 
 saturday 3 o clock in da mornin ish ... smoke good feel goood countyofkings 420  weedporn 
 im going to bed...see ya in the morning world p.s. legalize marijuana @potus @realdonaldtrump
 i really wanna go outside to smoke a bogie n u magically pop up w a bag of doritos or just by yourself im cool w either i just miss you..
 also gonna smoke leftover spliff in my bathtub with some incense
 if u havent brushed ur teeth and smoked a blunt this morning u missing out on life
 im at rincon dominicano in hempstead  ny 
 and yeah im stubborn as hell which is a good thing because it helps me weed out other peoples bullshit.
 drinking a cherry smoked porter by @yonkersbrewing at @yonkersbrewing  
 i dont want to smoke anymore  fuck it roll up one more @ edgemere  queens 
 lets adventure fr and smoke
 so lastnight i smoked to much hookah and almost died 
 ahhhh the smell of weed that floats in through my open windows on a 60 degree day in downtown cleveland 
 all im saying is not is not weed but the idea is pretty cool @allenvito10 @joser1 
 im ready to smoke 
 holy smokes batman. 
 someone on this train smells like fried chicken  weed  and fancy cologne.
 thanks paul ayers  very nice.....  drinking a big butt smoked dark ale at @cestwhattoronto  
 happy birthday to my nigga @jojogonzalez  lets smoke soon love ya 
 my grandma just asked if weed and crack were the same thing...
 in weekend reads by apple news people with perfect memories  the models who sell weed to jimmy fallon  and more 
 work  smoke  party  repeat.
 before amp after i aced my smokey eye makeup class at sephora. teacherspet 
 missouri is still getting stuffed like a turkey  smokes like sausage  and creamed like corn. 
 omg you smoke now thats so gross. only trashy people smoke. 
 ppl think they cooler cause they smoke backwoods lmao.
 what are solventless cannabis concentrates  what are the health risks of butane and co2 
 sell more weed than dispensaries  broke niggas dont make sense to me
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoke
 whenever i smoke i get real clingy 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 a young man in kneehigh marijuana socks just strolled past me. justwyandottethings
 sending up smoke signals... instadog boomerang @ laurel canyon park 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ bricks pub and grub  
 and it doesnt stink like weed and they dont throw trash all over  like the 5  democrats left 
 town n country smells like weed and sewage
 i put  up on my squad  who tf want smoke  
 today chris found some ladys blunt in her car and then she complained saying someone took her brothers weed 
 what is hilarious to me is that ucla can smoke the rest of their schedule but still only get a 3 seed in the p12 tournament
 cop sir i smell marijuana in your car me how bout dem phils ay heh hastag raise the cat  am i right heh cop sir please step out the car
 nahhh its stupid i dont have to smoke or drink to have fun or make myself feel good  
 most amount of blacks i ever smoked back to back... need this liq
 no victory is music for people who smoke cigarettes inside their house
 throw back to the time i smoked a blunt on top of the grand canyon 
 i cant even eat i need to smoke before my breakfast
 1st of all ew. 2nd didnt even inhale  wasted your weed. 3rd mine and als song. your a pos.
 i am literally watching a show where they are teaching how to make an entire meal out of weed infused foods. i need cable
 50 years of dragonbreath  which cant be good for the skin  not much water or indoor plumbing. her smokey eyes trash cus no makeup tutorials
 weed workshop introduces ont. seniors to world of medicinal marijuana   cannabis elderly pharma hcsm
 and that my friend is why i dont smoke anymore..
 i been so antibullshit lately and so far my lifes gotten better. im happy  money coming in  my weed got louder  and its burning slower.
 new ca  law puts 3 000 sonoma county cannabis cultivators in jeopardy 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 quick stop here for a killer cubano miamismokers wmbrownstyle miami cubano @ miami smokers 
 on the plus  i decided not to smoke a cigarette today and i didnt really think id follow thru when i walked my dog but i didnt cave
 some weed would be nice
 tasting some ole smokey whiskey amp shine 
 my dad just told me he found weed on the beach once with the singer laura branigan lmfaoo
 what happened to im not gonna drink  smoke  club etc bitch stfu
 if you smoke weed ur going to hell buddy
 someone buy me food or smoke w me.. either or.
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 jeezy like to drink  jeezy like to smoke   jeezy like to mix arm and hammer with his coke
 happy sundayfunday everybody lets hang at old crow smokehouse today and play some country and 
 my weed strong as boulders and rocks  ya know im so high.... i could have swore i saw pac 
 you smoke crazy dontcha you smoke crazy dontcha
 decided to be a mountain man today and smoke my own jerkey 
 i want to switch careers  i live in colorado and want to work in the cannabis industry. yay or nay if yay  i want to grow where do i start
 if i cant smoke in yo car do not offer yo drive me nowhere
 mom seth go get me a hoe im gunna go chop some weeds.. pauses no i dont mean ashtyn  wow mom thx i feel the love
 smoke your own smoke ampamp grow your own daisies
 why do i smell like weed in my work clothes
 my dad just came to check out my apartment for the first time and the first thing he said was damn it smells like a weed farm in here
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   charlotte  nc
 bro my head banging amp we still got a whole blunt to smoke 
 any girls that smoke lol
 pocket full of money but no weed
 not one person has hmu since i quit smoking weed. people make me laugh honestly
 cant wait to get off work n roll up that weed i get home 
 baby hit this weed it might calm ya downn 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 i wanna go to the park and just smoke and chill...
 baby it goes down when you mix hen and marijuana...
 aint trying fw the weed no mo
  me or weed  yea fuck you weed .
 @maryjaneassoc @fundannacf we have thc and cbd drinks from legal  as well as cannabis quencher also the powdered drink mix from fairwinds
 so they need some weed   who got weed  and mobile 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ township of newbury  
 im so happy i dont waste the last of my money on weed anymore 
 cobb salad with smoked duck breast  avocado mousse  bacon and blue cheese epcot 
 my weed stank like chitterlings nicca
 i got like 4days left of house arrest n im back down mfz to petty gon kick my company out the hallway cuz we ant smoke with theyass 
 dont know where q at but this blunt getting smoked either way 
 if i dont smoke a blunt before bed i have the wildest dreams
 blessed is the one whose smoke spot is next to a creek coz its like peaceful an shit
 .@latimes @kurtisalee @snoopdogg  going bowling all day today  fyi   so if i can smoke snoop under the table i dont do chronic i shall.
 on the patio after doing some weed spraying. radio tuned to @lsubaseball.  geauxtigers
 smart kids that smoke weed  honor roll
 i think the marijuana leaf is the real four leaf clover  but with five leaves
 @mattisonmccain you could probably see the fire amp smoke coming out of his ears from your house if i said all that to him
 when you post a snapchat story saying your bf has weed to sell goalsaf 
 @smokinveggies i used the fyh smoked gouda
 still gotta smoke and grub before i head out
 putin is big worm double agent orange is smokey 
 tryna smoke some  part 2 
 i havent smoked a mild in so long but this weather make me wanna steam a nice wine mustaheem right about now
 @this1isno1 @litbean @cnn trump wants you 2 see w your eyes amp judge him 4 what he does no smokemirrors
 u can righteous crown me smoke king
 nick diaz got mma banned for 2 years for marijuana   jon jones tested positive for cocaine use and got nothing..   let that sink in..
 if badboys aint yo favorite movie series you smoke swishers and you smoke em from the wrong end...
 @realpolitiki you made me stop. look. think. did i put the right date... yeah. damn  i am that old...lol. id smoked for yrs before i quit
 bbq time @ rylons smokehouse  @rylonsbbq in chicago  il 
 @fallontaylor3 fallon you and babyflo smoked it at the american this afternoon theamerican thebabyfloshow colton 
 lowkey shorty. but im finna smoke a blunt. probably make something cute to wear . and lol get my weave done 
 man im so bored someone hmu lets smoke
 on sundays  we smoke   ari
 @littlero lol oh weed girl 
 green soap at the car wash perfect time to smoke and i think i will 
 @clintbowyer @roushyates omg love it.so proud to follow you  so happy for you n yours....14 have smokes 14items now get 2 by ur idm litls
 slow smoked boneless ribs and garden salad on the eggegglifeeastsidegrillingnchilling 
 me after i smoke 
 i see u @daveeddiggs at nbaallstar doing big things the west should smoke the east tonight  too deep  too much firepower westbrook  mvp
 i wish drug dealers had special weed days where their weed is like 50 off or some shit
 mark drink beer smoke cigarette hell i had thousand women never the one soulmate life journey my lonely story mark got last date i checking
 packed with cocoa and beautifully smokey. this is spec... caribbean chocolate cake 2015  photo
 13 hours in on a 12 pound pork butt... coming off the smoker in about 30 minutes ilikebigbutts
 if i smoke this gas you dont exist to me
 i call these photos the no i dont smoke but im a photographer and these photos looked cool 
 i smoked weed with john hopkins
 my birthday 420 i smoke  with my nigga every year
 @conradkaz lets not get crazy here. its vlade. gonna need to thrown in a carton of smokes.
 @jsensama how do you take off our smoke alarms
 im bored  hungry  and trynna smoke..smh
 i love breathing in cigarette smoke through the open window when im trying to sleep.
 shes a good teaser  and we blowing reefer
 apparently a mexican restaurant in roswell has weed in a salt shaker xd @ roswell  new mexico 
 gas wat i smoke nigga
 @brittanysimers um...maybe check the batteries in your smoke alarm
 i burnt my hair on my nail. now my room smells like weed and burnt hair
 i smoked so much idk what going on rn lmao
 exactly wtf are we doing if theres no weed 
 fat smoke sesh with all the homies to end the night hoeeeee yup
 ive noticed if i dont smoke a blunt before i sleep my dreams be so vivid 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 reason why yall hoes weed last long is because yall put .3 in every blunt
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign on bonus  
 sen david haley testifies for medical marijuana bill  says majority of kansans are for natural alternative to phar 
 lunch time is like  do i eat  do i smoke something  do i nap all of the above would be great  but theres not enough time.
 amongst weeds can be beauty if you look for it. @ edwards homestead 
 im just gonna smoke about it
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 new trump executive order this week a revised refugee ban could render the current case moot  smoke and mirrors
 i like how peaceful it is here  when drifters arent yelling amp trying to bum smokes off of us. dayoff tourlife 
 when i smoke crack i put it in pita so its healthy @jimgaffigan
 smoking weed is exactly like hitting lifes hd button.
 finna smoke a blunt on the toilet 
 shitty dont have nobody to smoke while im on lunch 
 moar smoked salmon moar goinghome bagel smokedsalmon airport @ vancouver international airport 
 note to self smoke less amp meditate more
 where can you find info on cannabis in ny at our next event on 228630pm at 1250 broadway wearecannaculture 
 sourkraut smells like fucking weed
 who wants to smoke
 my daughters boyfriend looks like john legend man  holy smokes
 gets bashed on in high school for smoking weed every day now we in college  same people posing on social media about doing hella drugs 
 @dopeitssquill ion smoke
 i dont smoke bud. so yes  i think its an astronomical waste of time  but bud pales in comparison to the dangers o 
 i bet yall wondering why i got weed near a toilet and im here to tell you to mind ya business
 thick smoke.
 @plutodagreat smoke be all over cant be smelling too loud 
 should i do a dab or smoke a bowl before work ...or both
 hotboyturk hotboyturk32 came thru smoked 1 of them danddsausage with rebirthcreolebbqsauce 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 100 south loudon avenue baltimore  violation 
 me when people smoke weed on campus 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   bowlinggreen  oh
 rice is the hemp of food. hemp is the rice of textiles. versatilityrules
 i need to smoke my face off  
 bitcccch im boutta start smoking blunts with chopsticks the. i wont burn my fingers and i wont smell like weed 
 i could go for some ribs right now  maybe ill smoke some this weekend tastebudz
 forgot to turn off my alarm for my day off... better go get a twofer and some smoke since i cant sleep
 who the fucc you know smoked 2 ounces in one day me now you know
 my car smells like weed  alcohol and la vics lmao. jesus wobbleland weekend was crazy.
 the results are in. dropping this shit when my soundcloud hit 50k plays fuck what yall talm bout damn weed heads 
 @thirsteacorp  smokey and the bandit  thirsteatrivia
 you only hit up people to smoke couldnt be me
 days like today i wish i still smoked 
 so aggravated need to smoke like now 
 fresh off work.. shower   smoke and finish these songs
 it makes me sick whenever i watch cops and they arrest a kid for nothing besides weed. disgusting. ruining lives over a plant. smfh
 i wanna smoke 
 dont bahlee errthang ya read alize amp weed.  makaveli.....shoutout to my beige brethren @chrisbrown...dont trip 
 i wanna smoke my brain out and listen to some good ass music...
 i havent smoked in like 23 weeks but i feel smacked
 i swear to god that i am already getting smokers cough and ive only been smoking for a month or two....
 if my friends want to fuck around pop pill smoke drink or whatever ..that doesnt make them or me a bad person
 new york always smells like either weed or halal food.
 smokin on dat rapper weed
 i need to smoke 
 theres nothing better than the smell of freshly ground up marijuana
 im just one pack of smokes from broke.
 @theacetjshow my mom smoked when i was little and at 7 years old i would ride my bike to the store about 2 miles away to get her cigarettes.
 maybe i should smoke weed for my bad back. 
 apparently when 2pac died  his dying wish was that the outlaws mix his cremations with marijuana and smoke it smoke him 
 @dawnlawsonaz 60s amp 70s even more so. i lived in a house of 7 amp 6 were smokers.i was the only nonsmoker. all 5 kids havehad lung diseases
 and if anybody want smoke wtfispoppin
 i have to chill and smoke with post malone
 in the event of a fire  go to the stairs. avoid the smoke. officesafety1ren
 facebook did all that saying the girl set him up na the video came out the weed man supposedly set him up not him. man  they wrong fa dat
 im such a badass mf spitting raps im so hard smoking weed i spit fire  oh wait its too hot in sj i gotta go to sf
 i hate guys that smoke and when you tell them not to do it around you because of your heart condition they obviously dont give a shit. 
 montclair at cars lol shit was crazy nigga benz smells like hella weed 
 ran outta weed tellasadstoryin3words
 @madeintyo smoke up.
 im raising money for smokey deserves equal training too. click to donate   via @gofundme pitbull
 going to vegas next weekend for the cannabis cup woooooo 
 food  weed  and xbox live is the only 3 things i need in life atm
 sexy shimmer w some smokey eye blackzinfandelbeauty carlubin licensedesthetician 
 hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 @rayz2cents so im really not terribly interested in your opinion on my cannabis usage  get it
 beats keep on bumping  lights keep on lighting n smoke keep on rising like clouds in the ski im walter beech hamlett n was born to fly
 senior year i went to daep bc i pulled up in the parking lot smokin a blunt and smelt like said marijuana  they did 
 dont believe the dea  incredibly corrupt organization on cannabis 
 i need friends to smoke with 
 watching a man smoke is oddly attractive.
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke br
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli.   she said nah you aint  you gotta get blood work once a month amp 6 medications. 
 @olivercutie6 shes going to grow like a weed 
 jamaica is fun til crack heads try to sell you weed 
 @kass710 @arielc6 smoke detector is down the hall so i run over and start wafting the damn smoke while trying to hold on to my towel
 uniondale mva car accident with fire hempstead turnpike and california ave
 you can have female friends ima have male friends you smoke with chicks i can smoke with dudes
 sometimes i just need a getaway... @ hempstead lake state park 
 i havent smoked in almost 2 weeks and its making me an asshole 
 to smoke or not to smoke a cig before bed 
 i smoked my first cigarette at 10
 i want to chain smoke for the first time since october so  feeling good 
 we smoke a lotta weed
 what alexis does after she smokes a blunt  
 tag someone whod smoke this and follow potporn  @ got weed    weed california 
 i want to smoke so bad
 its like every time i smoke  my brain recalibrates itself lol
 damn i want to smoke 
 who cares i know i dont smoke thoughtyou did too keep calm  
 literally smoked myself into a discontinued smoking life .. did not think tht was possible unless u had like a hole in ur throat or sum shit
 @youtube pizzagate can no longer think that people cant be that evil to much smoke not to be a fire.
 my dad said sumthin thats always stuck w me i drank a lot and i smoked a lot  amp by the end of it all i didnt have much to show for it
 dawg i just wanna smoke some pot so fucking bad rn. 
 @ jack in a box drive thru  guy  i think were friends   @oliviaaampm  do u smoke guy  weed   o  yeah  guy  were friends   
 my mom found out i smoked weed. she asked if i was going to stop and i said no you know  like a liar lol
 isnt that more expensive than 20 a gram tbh i dont even know anything about weed lol 
 im bout to smoke some of this green crack and go laugh at somebody.
 ran outta weed  only thing left to do is play 8 ball
 all i smoke is gas 
 smoke more weed unleash the green.
 thanks for the weed
 these bitches just wanna smoke up all my weeed
 i wanna have a karmaneevans lol i dont want her lol i just wanna smoke lol she just woke up lol i got her baby gir 
 dr. pollock i hope you guys dont smoke cigarettes.... other things  okay  but not cigarettes 
 quick question  does anyone know the best way to propagate milk weed to encourage monarch butterflies on their migration
  i wouldnt have made it this morning without weed
 my professor ive seen people sell weed in the hallway i literally love scc so much
 someone drive me to ganja white night in philly next weekend
 ok so what i smoke too big deal but guess what i gotta job.. im in school my grades good.. so dont come for me wth
 @isaacsoliz13 @rickyrock1999 @robertj1 @64jiggabyytes @raulra23 whenever the weed kicks in 
 i fucking hate not being able to smoke at school  is this fkn high school orrrr
  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 crunchy weed is not where its at
 old but gold  @ weed  california 
 my mom was like dam you smoke the strongest brand marlboro but im done smoking cigarettes saturday
 @tastebreakrs then why are you talking about weed not being legal and how am i supposed to know youre from cali
 @huntsmanabby kale is just a weed somebody decided they could monetize. yuck
 a whole lot of smoke today ... tradedeadline 
 officer so whos weed is this in this cigarillo  driver idk officer i just bought the rillo passenger 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1238 meridene drive baltimore  send message. 
 smart kids that smoke weed honor roll
 fire dept. is getting ready for the medical marijuana public forum in niles @ 6. cleared out the trucks for 200 sea 
 @geraldorivera @realdonaldtrump because federal marijuana laws exist and federal title 9 law about transgender do not. laws
 i can buy weed from dispensaries now. kinda lit af tbh ya
 fuck it tho im smoking weed counting this money. everything else pointless in my book
 @asiaskipp i dont drink much   i dont smoke   i dont have any felonies   i love strippers tho i confess lol
 of course talk of going after recreational weed users amp building more for profit prisons are connected. its how theyll fill the prisons.
 nc voters may decide whether or not to legalize medical marijuana in the tar heel state in nov. new bill introduced in raleigh. @wlos13
 i hate buying weed from my weed man lil brother. 
 when lincoln kids stare at you when your driving the diesel so you blow smoke on them  roalcoal
 decisions should be left up to the states  battle cry of people now deciding that states cant make weed legal hypocrisy
 i wanna smoke
 @ramonroblesjr dammit ramon stop stomping my tweets. i know your a pearland resident also. gonna have to have you over  for my smoked ribs.
 tryna find some cool people to smoke with
 p12 after 21 laps running single file despite the 11 trying to make an inside line. @tydillon has seen random smoke inside his car.
 i think i started a thing because everyone smokes around the gazebo now 
 everybody in trump office look like that racists neighbor that leaves noise complaints  and weed notes at your door 
 the trump administration removes federal trans protection bc states rights..but the next day aggressively enforces federal marijuana law
 i cant stop thinking of you thats why i inhale the herb smoke
 @aldelpriore @sportsyelling which brings me to my next point dont smoke crack
 my hair amp nails smell like straight up weed  i just washed and straighten it
 hey who wants to hangout tomorrow and smoke blunts all day amp drink or whatever youre into hmu
 i smoke this dope to burn burn burn on it
 yall aint ever smoked crack ya pussy smh
 ion even smoke  
 my dad likes to mess around and roll his sushi like hes rolling weed. i guess thats where i get it from 
 @wendellpierce @waynesutton as does criminalizing protests  detaining vs deporting immigrants  convicting marijuana usersdealers resist
 i aint on no moe papers so im finna smoke my life away
 aint no weed 
 guess ill have coffee and a smoke
 i know plenty of repubs that smokesmoked weed. now trump is going after them. sucks to suck.
 @dublinhempco can i smoke all of them
 some girl fr unattached my lighter from my lighter caseholder when she asked me for it to smoke some pot   me 
 @presssec sean are you that ignorant you spread fake news on marijuana. or your just clueless
 the real problem is that he used the opioid addiction crisis to justify criminalization of recreational marijuana. 
 no duty to enforce unconstitutional laws though fed marijuana laws were upheld in raich v gonzales prosecutori 
 @britbush7 @historygirl4ev diocletian goes to future rome after constantine  jaw drops and smoke billows through h 
 @louiee96 wake yo ass up and smoke this blunt with me lol
 i got so many songs to smoke and vibe to now.
 every new album i have to listen to it while i smoke lmao
 2 blunts dont do shit to me unless im facing it lol cant smoke 2 with someone else and be high i just be mellow
 niggas think stinkteam some type of gang lmaoo . we just some seniors who like to smoke up 
 chan dont want anybody   she like a old lady. weed amp snacks  cats for her 
 if you take my weed im gonna have to stop getting high and go out and protest. good plan.
 aroma smoked red all the way through taste a little b... raquette river smoked red ale  photo
 thanks to a great suggestion we decided to spend our honeymoon in the smokey mountains. we ate 
 @johnstossel people that use weed cannot get a job because theyre under the influence  people that are caught under the influence get fired
 sb state st. closed madison to adams for fire crew staging. smoke appears to be coming out of the palmer house hilt 
 @politico @seanspicer @hadasgold when my smoke alarm goes off  i like to smash that thing with a hammer. like the press  doing its job...
 i dont party   i dont drink   i dont smoke   i do my makeup   and listen to music .. lifes good
 mom listens to iration... this makes me want to smoke pot and just chill
 kam smokes od lol
 has las vegas legalized marijuana asking for a friend...
 2012 legalize my iguana  2017 can iguanas smoke weed
 wow  he is a crack smoker. he thinks anyone that doesnt agree with the current administration id a false narrativ 
 @eazzyzac the weed is all free    party all night.   tonight everything is on me  the bitches the hotel the weed is  free
 @potus please pass the decision of marijuana back to the states ond not a unenforced federal law.
 @sensanders medical purposes for marijuana are huge. cancer hodgkins parkinsons epilepsy to say a few no reason to be illegal
 were going to smoke weed whether its legal or illegal  so republicans can get fucked
 im so happy weed is legal here  been smoking since i got off the plane 
 @joerogan what r u thinking about the marijuana crack down but the hipocrital states choice stance on transgender citizens wtfnews huh
 @kimchanel accurate cause i smoke the shit outta hookah
 aint even notciced i aint smoked all day
 been smokin weed and poppin pills since a lil nigga
 told my mom i have no money to smoke later she said some i do at the apt we could smoke bet it the fuck up 
 jackbourbon @guyfieri smokehouse bbq bourbon ohmy @ guy fieris 
 promise you dis not da smoke you want.
 @stoptrump2020 @realdonaldtrump @lindseygrahamsc @senjohnmccain @senatorschumer @maddow marijuana is like legalizing tobacco alcohol periods
 big fire above jacobs pickles on the uws. the whole neighborhood is super smokey... hoping everyone is ok. 
 lil bitches wont bring that smoke to philly tho  warready
 if you gon smoke a blunt before goin somwhere  smoke than put on some high dollar cologne
 i want my weedski
 so happy the bowl i ordered for my bong finally came now i can smoke out my bong again
 end of half hempfield with a sensational q2 to head into the break up 2818. @llhoops llhoops
 just saw a car driving like 60 down the road completely smoke a kitten amp i literally cannot stop crying abt it rn 
 people talk then get smoked lmfaooo
 clockwork...friday 5pm.  weedrush traffic by my house at the local dispensary.
 smoke while we smoke... 
 boy you caint smoke thats why you was was so high folding the dishes when you got home lmfaoooo 
 if u smoke blacks look at some rq
 like  i wanna smoke this l buuuuut i also wanna home
 if youre a smoker i detest you. unless youre my friend  in which case ill just razz ya a bit 
 isiah smoked the lay up 
 i jus smoked a blunt with yo girlfriend really doe
 never trust a nigga that pat the back of his cigarettes before he smoke
 @oneof1x you would smoke neno
 @middleeasteye  pence is different  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weedin 
 significant smoke  water damage in wauwatosa lightning fire 
 im legit worried about my friend shes survived ovarian and lung cancer and she smoked like 3 cigs in front of me.
 hey fellow americans good luck living here after all immigrants  artists  journalists and weed smokers move to canada.
 id rather be smoking weed
 @dysinger i strongly disagree. i dont think it has control of us voting  but theres too much smoke between trump and russia.
 the fact that weed turns me into a 45 year old halfkorean man is for you to think about and me to cry about
 my neighbor texted me asking if i wanted to smoke a blunt with him but im to lazy to get outta bed wtf smh
 you guys are real winners today you call that news and dictator use that as one of there tactics go back to weediqu 
 new smokehouse combos. ribs amp bone in chicken  smoked in house served w3 sides delicious. @chilisjobs 
 i got all the drugs i got all the weed i got all the blow baby  what you need 
 @simonbentin being a good german meant following nazi rules without protest  ignoring cattle cars and crematoria smoke.  passivity
 i smell like smoke i wasnt smoking  liesteenstelltheirparents 
 all this fucking dope all this fucking smoke
 i always knew my boyfriends and dad would bond over weed lol
 the majority of preexisting condition people are addicts to opioids. plain and simple. put them on medicare and hand them their cannabis.
 woodyssmokehouse never buckees @ woodys smokehouse northbound location 
 i only got three hours of sleep bc i smoked a lot and then spent the entire night furnishing a house on sims.
 pastrami  goslings in the fountain.  sandwich lunchtime @ smoked amp stacked 
 @nikroybal i was hoping this would be the year we used papal smoke rituals by burning jill stein tweets.
 trump is reversing marijuana legalization and reinstating private prisons. connect the dots. anyone who supports th 
 theyre all for states rights until states do something they disagree with. @reppeterdefazio  who is a member of the cannabis caucus.
 jeff sessions marijuana flipflop proves that hes exactly as monstrous as we thought | gq  thanks @senjoemanchin
 lmao i love linking my co workers after work cause all they ever wanna do is smoke 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 i dont know a single weed guy with good customer service
 start your oscars night party right with hors doeuvres made with wild alaska smoked salmon 
 where tf the weed vegas  yall playing games
 all i wanna do rn is eat. smoke. and then finish this stupid homework
 outrageous smokey chickenwings @casadumetz @ casa dumetz wines 
 @potus @realdonaldtrump how many billions of our dollars is wasted prosecuting amp incarcerating cannabis users makeamericagreat legalizeit
 i hate seeing people who cant smoke .. like uh ..aye bruh   wyd 
 maybe a little weed.ampamp converse.
 @deplorableyes will will smoke these liars out  eh patriot.  maga
 who wants to smoke rn
 time stretches have no effects to those who smoke marijuana religious
 would you drink w nigga do you smoke weed 
 i get slightly offended when someone asks me  do you smoke
 @cnn marijuana president barack obama for eight years  undermined the traditional american morality  so that the world drug flooding
 im in a weed coma rn. been high since last night i woke up high. imma smoke another facial 
 the down side to pet owning. suspecting smokey got hit by a car as he couldnt move his back 
 ima do this since i dont smoke 
 a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke
 so much smoke surrounding comrade @realdonaldtrump. find the fire. its there. 
 sunday dinner ribs hickory smoked porkchops america 
 cuz its probably easier to get weed 
 as if i dont hate the trump administration enough  now those mother fuckers want to mess with my medical marijuana no 
 @realdonaldtrump plz include decriminalization of cannabis. prohibition wasis based on lies. we love you and trust you. thank you  n god bl
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 trying to get high and go to the movies where the weed at mesquite  
 my ride needs to get here so i can smoke that sweet sweet weed
 i dont smoke crack motha fucka i sell it
 up in smoke gets in your eyes comedymovielovesongsmash
 man im in love wit this weed
 i dont really smoke cigarettes guys 
 i remember when i use to tip my weed dealer because i was so appreciative 
 @imyourkid will i see you at the cannabis cup
 box of swishers box of magnums all we do is smoke and fuck
 get excited medical marijuana has passed for florida and its time to get legal  get help  and 
 jennifer aniston is the og smokeshow. oscars
 my girls smoke too much amp a botch for baby ass lungs i dead ass felt like i snorted a line everyday over break
 holy smokes oscars2017
 listen to get it poppin by yoitsparker on soundcloud  this song smokes 
 @mousex11 you still smoke cigs mouse 
 and hold onto smoke...and then we..woke up...were released...and it was like 1208...and its been tripping me out all day because..
 need that weed in ya system  
 the primary objection to doing so  that the act framework doesnt exactly match the states standards  is just so much smoke. 2n
 we smoked so much the ashes startin to burn on me
 heres a look at the damage from overnight fire in burnaby on 10th ave. 7 pple escaped  taken to hosp for smoke inh 
 yeah great idea donald let mentally ill people walk around with guns but dont let sane people smoke a joint. could you lay off my wine tho
 we smoke so much the ashes start to fall on me
 i hate weed lol
 we about to smoke  nap cause we literally got no sleep lastnight amp go to the mall
 all i spend my money on is gold  hair products and weed 
 like a kush rolled blunt. you cant smoke me.
 on of these days im trynna go on a vacation with just my bae amp hella weed.
 im gonna smoke my dad out just wait on it
 @tomellis17 is there anything you cant make look good  i have never smoked in my life  but looking at this pictur 
 this car randomly stops in front of nessa thinking she was gonna cuss so much  she yells pussy money weed 
 if tim williams had sat out games for smoking marijuana  alabamas dl would have had a paltry nine sacks instead of ten. wgaf.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 301 south franklintown road baltimore  send m 
 @cnn straight from an unnamed source. hows the legalized weed working out for cnn producers
 @tdrosnl smoke
 good gosh. even got tears in my eyes. @iamsteveharvey ella is one talented young woman. holy smokes.
 getting my german on schweinehaus  smoked pork sand minus the slaw  fries  and spatzel amp beer 
 we can go to the park afterdark smoke that tumbleweed
 so is all of burke on fire or am i hallucinating smoke everywhere.
 @ivypow best to smoke out to
 @imjusjosh lmao that jawn  weediquette  action bronson shows noisey 
 i wanna get high but im not a smoker 
 a younger me wanted to be a police officer and fight crime and shit  but i wasnt tryna bust people for weed
 honestly weed solves all problems... 
 i know larry sanders is somewhere doing back flips seeing what happened to bogus. just hope he dont smoke one to celebrate n fuk it up 
 2 men found with 41 pounds of marijuana on them  officials say  
 i bet the baby giraffe daddy has smoked a carton of camels.
 happy birthday smokeyy hope youve had a great day bud @njkavanaugh22
 60 press 30 do you have weed 10 are you feeling ok 
 its 2017 and niggas still playing with guns and lasers while smoking weed  put that shit away or duel me pussy
 very dangerous precedent when courts can override the u.s.presidents orders to weed out enemy at a time of war. 
 why do you smoke  to get high duh
 roll up that weed i like it real loud
 i like things that calm me down. thats why i like weed  good people  and my career. these are my escapes from simply existing here.
 do i really look like a smoke everyone assumes i do lol
 wait a minute hold up its me  wait a minute roll up the weed
 the smoke from oklahoma is making for a beautiful sunrise in west texas. 
 if we talking about cheaper weed then make america great again 
 smelling amp seeing all of this smoke is so sad. if we all as a collective whole went out ampfought this fire  we could help contain it. united
 pretty sure thats not smog in sky over dfw but rather smoke from high plains ntxwx
 @teeparker i never smoked a day im my life lmao
 @manisitake instead of golfing  my pastimes are butterfly catching  fishing  and pulling weeds
 when i get old im not going be out here looking for for twinks. my old high ass will be smoked out on vacations. my old ass will be lit.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 thats what they count on smoke and mirrors 
 i love you baby but please stop smoking all my trees i want to come home amp smoke one with you. lol bigboy live 
 bruh im high asf and just did a presentation on the legalization of marijuana 
 first of all lets get one thing straight...crack is cheap. i make too much money to smoke crack 
 i remember i would be so shocked to hear that my friends smoked weed  now we all smoke 
 hello  mr. @realdonaldtrump make racism illegal altogether  sir amp work on decriminalization marijuana for people with chronic illness as me
 i hate how girls get mad because i smoked weed but they do it too
 my students love me so much that one brought me some weed topical pain ointment. its not cheap stuff p
 my brother always calling me @ 6 in the morning to go smoke 
 natalie  you cant smoke a whole pack in an hour
 @nickofferman as a baseball fan and pipe smoker i need to know where that hat is from please. and thank you.
 @youngrobstone lets smoke
 @morganmichelee he came here that night and smoked with us from that money so learn the truth girl your fucking dumb
 rolling marijuana thats a true vacation
 i have to take my moms friend somewhere today and i smoked in my car this morning and the past three days  rip me
 i smoke  to i go to sleep
 i didnt know molly ringwald smoked 
 not even lol i just hate when you niggas cape for drug addict dickheads just cause they make disposable weedplates 
 i wanna get a telly to just relax and smoke a lot in  get in the jacuzzi  hm
 its like i want to stop smoking weed but then im like why would you want to stop  smh
 @daveweigel id like to smoke what yall smoking...
 jeopardy smokeshow tonight. alison
 you know 2 of the 3 guys you dated smoke weed now yes im aware 
 elected gov on going raging dump fire affecting all residentsampbusinesses. people breathing toxic smokeamp concerned with respiratory problems
 i wanna drink whiskey amp smoke a blunt w. a xan crushed in it . 
 drinking a wickedly charming chili ale by @crowpeakbrewing @ smokers palace iii   photo
 @nerftoad @iyamtoo @meredithmusing merely smoke portion of smoke amp mirrors production de jour
 people passing faster than im passing weed 
 damn didnt realize that was smoke  
 gonna smoke this jay and watch ants with the family
 i think we call it getting high because weed makes us feel happy and uplifted 
 michael made sure i had klonopin. and weed..and clothes. i found love i didnt see coming.
 the weed help me think better   it put me inna vibe .
 what u smoke 
 when i say im done smoking weed yeah im done smoking my own weed 
 i made myself some peppermint tea with honey and a squeezed lemon. im about to smoke  meditate and say my prayers. 
 i honestly love smokin reefer more than anything else
 you gotta teach him hes supposed to smoke em 
 lots of weed and alcohol 
 i stopped smoking girls out in like 10th grade  bring your own weed ms independent
 @alexxxbee  some of them dont even smoke weed lol
 yesterday a 5th grader told me that a boy in her class sent her the d pics but she doesnt like him cause hes addicted to weed... wtf
 holy smokes is this real  they cant be this idiotic can they dont answer 
 i seen a pregnant girl smoke through her pregnancy and her kid cant talk   maybe her kid just retarded dont blame the weed
 acid rap makes me wanna chain smoke newports
 savory crepe the smoked brisket  queso fresco  mozzarella  pickles  jalapeos topped with bbq 
 @baileyloves its a metaphor and since his demographic for his music are smokers hes trying to reach them through 
 good weed amp good weather 
 daylight saving time change is coming up this weekend. change your clocks sat nite and test your smoke alarms. repl 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1008 brantley avenue baltimore  
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   transportation
 .@robdunstv  @nbc2 meteorologist  as long as the fire is burning  there is going to be smoke launched into that atmosphere. gcl wildfire
 so they can sit on there asses and ticket kids for a gram of weed. these mfs cant  even stop any actual crimes tht happens here.
 pot for pets owners treat sick animals with cannabis 10tv 
 pull lets smoke @theextravagant1 420smokeout pt.2 hollyweed ed.  42017 9pm2am open bar 
 @raschatz holy smokes. i drove through that way today. wind is brutal. trucks flipped over. hard to drive amp walk.
 @webergrills boston butt for some excellent bbq  hickory smoke.  dry rubbed.  low amp slow
 at the womens march  a line of cops ride by on bikes  mom yells hide the weed
 someone please bring me a pack of smokes
 son of sen.tim kaine  arrested protesting presidentsday in minnesota using a smoke bomb.  like father...like son
 like a crash i wait for the impact and like a train i wait for the smoke.
 hungry but i dont want what my mom cooked  i shouldve smoked
 great job la supporting cannabis next up allow people to grow hemp everywhere to improve your health it purifies the air and enrich soil
 who wants to get dinner n smoke some book with me 
 i smell like weed and im about to go to churrrrrrch
 my mom gets on to ziah about watching youtube videos like she gets onto me about weed 
 @dieseldugong dont feel bad turk he smoked me also.
 sahbabii  lil pump  smokepurpp  unotheactivist 
 more live painting come check out the new work @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery 
 decriminalize cannabis. healtreat the sick. 
 i cant smoke in my room that shit might get in my good covers ill be mad the whole night
 dam i havent smoked in forever 
 this guy really is telling me how i smoked with his buddy like where ive never smoked... boy bye 
 lately i been on some me  myself  and i shit i dont need no nigga to smoke and get high with
 graham cracker porter   a chocolate  and hint of burnt toast smell. light roast  smoke  lush chocolate  vanilla an 
 i walked on this bus and i immediately smelt weed  and just a little fact im the first pick up
 burnbook420 youcantsmokewithus @ welcome to weed  california 
  sheep could use a throat lozenge  goat smoker
 dont want no girl that smokes weed ....
 its all that legal weed. 
 i aint listening to shit bitch im smoking weed
 hmmm...how does pelosi keep getting reelected must be some strong weed and narcotics out on those cali streets... 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1623 edmondson avenue baltimore  
 chicago niggas the type to smoke a reggie blunt and smoke a cig afterwards to get a better high
 toronto police search warrants executed in toronto  hamilton area and vancouver as part of projectgator  targeting marijuana dispensaries.
 my meauli neighbors just invited me to come smoke with them ...straaaaaaaight lmfao
 holy smokes he shops at xtc either in malton or albion mall 
 its going to be a rough spring if you are a kochia weed in western nebraska this spring. getting ready to use 
 ion even look like a smoker lol
