 @citybarbeque where all the worlds problems disappear in a haze of bbq smoke and banana pudding. 
 @laflaree7 lmfaoooo dont be bro just for that i gotta pull a smoker tb out now
 i dont smoke it i just watch a lot of documentaries. @jenniferdiaz09
 wish a nigga would like a tree in this bitch.  and if a leaf fall put some weed in that bitch.
 womp womp womp  wawawawawomp me tryin to sing ganja white night on the daily
 i didnt smoke today yall   this is a step to me not smoking anymore 
 gronks girlfriend is a smoke
 my  would be up asf if i didnt smoke 
 definitely shouldve smoked before o ate cause im just forcing this food right now
 i didnt shower to smell like cedar amp lavender amp wood smoke for no one to ask me to bed
 i smoked my last bowl to help me sleep but im still awake
 you prob smoked the poor dog out 
 did you smoke rt @bigbosskaia omg why am i feeling like this
 hockey game with babe  we had some pizza  i smoked some good weed  watching a movie with bear  about time to cuddle my lady in sleep bed gn
 new menu item alert whitefish salad sandwich dibs smoked whitefish salad  scallion cream 
 another day another year of life. just 23 nothin special bout to smoke this gas and get back on my grind happybdaytome
 sisqo smoke... studioplaceofficial blessed to be able to be behind the scenes for 20 years 
 @riggsbarstool smoke alert at the senate confirmation hearing of new epa director scott pruitt 
 should i see the chain smokers at bill gram or at golden one in sac ... idk 
 do you think that witches and wizards in harry potter world smoked weed are there other magical drugs 
 me and my friends be real deal bouta fade then we smoke the negativity away
 nearly one in five hoosiers smokes. this rate is detrimental to our health amp the states economy. healthierindiana
 you smell like a weed baby
 @tavisjohnson5 i went to mtsu for a year  really enjoyed it except it seemed that every body smoked ...dont smoke...thats stupid congrats
 time to smoke and then run 
 stop saying nicki petty ... you bitches smoke hookah amp eat shrimp with niggas that robbed your ex
 the police should be embarrassed when they harass and raid people only to find weed. theirs real threats out here. weed isnt one lmao
 you fuck around you fuck around you fuck around and get smoked 
 i need weed atlanta
 @canadianglen fed libs r cowards  trump has zippo to do with canadatrudeau will now reneg on marijuana legalization  hes afraid of trump
 11 years smoke free today   thank you @nicodermcq
 someone smoke w me or serve me
 gas what i an smoke nigga
 @catholicpine some people use them to smoke marijuana but thats not what theyre intended for. i use them to smoke shisha tobacco.
 i wanna smoke and get high at the same time  sounds nice
 drugs  ya know its lit when ur cousin comes over just to give u free weed
 wanna smoke
 fire is much smaller now  fyi. lots of awful smoke. people not dispersing  despite pd requests.miloyiannopoulos 
 berkeley  calif. ap  officials cancel breitbart news editor talk at uc berkeley after protesters throw smoke 
 aint nothing wrong with weed
 these fucking pigs need to leave the apartment so i can smoke my devils lettuce in peace.
 what do you call a bowl half weed half tobacco
 but the wizards smoked the celtics 
 gas weed and fresh unused pampers 
 @realdonaldtrump donald aside from blowing smoke out of your ass  now trying to start a war with the kiwis
 pussy money weed
 gon smoke this gaaaas  talk to shawty and edit pictures for the rest of the night 
 like why cant i find weed
 makin my money and smokin my weed  @lilpeep 
 did he smoke one of those 10 lb joints yall be talking about cuz this probably what id do after that shit too 
 forgot the weed....turn the fuck around
 i be on the block say i used to smoke reefa  now i play the block big pump street sweepa   meek
 its so weird i feel like im stoned but i havent even smoked
 my cousin is sending me weed from cali because im slowly dying  
 dont smoke 
 thank you @maxinewaters much of @realdonaldtrump action is smoke and mirrors attempt to stop investigatetrump  
 my poop this morning smelled like weed @kshelloriginal
 smoke weed everyday
 the weed you smoking trash get a better plug 
 armed amp dangerous  aint 2 many can bang with us  straight up weed no angel dust  label us notorious. ripbiggie justraplyrics
 @harrowmaiden .i dont dont worry.. i had to deal with the smoke and hell fireof the underworld . he let his foot a soft kick  downward
 i need friends who like to smoke weed and chill lmao
 anyone wanna come smoke
 in the last hour ive been tempted by these slot machines and about 3 niggas in trench coats asked me to buy a marijuana card 
 heres some weed 
 i go outside  get depressed  go inside  shake my head  pick up a cig  smoke that shit  proceed to nonexist  watch tv  earth isnt controlled.
 fags with bags sound like a fire name for a medicinal weed shop run by gay men
 i havent smoked any of my dragonberry kush in a while.. fuck i need to get blazed
 contact high in nyc streets free weed
 i hate people who act like weed is crack
 some random guy just offered to smoke me out lol
 any girl that smokes weed once 
 i wan facetime someone whiles i smoke 
 .@huskingpin amp @smoovth   hempstead prod. @lovesharp 
 damn r.i.p smokey 
 @clutchdagger11 oh it dont matter  got smoke  got drink and im runnin this space
 slick dont wanna smoke by myself but i dont even feel like walking
 yuh fi watch yuh frenz weh yuh smoke wit and run joke wit  ah dem think fi cut ur throat quick the only fren wey mi love  ah d one up above
 closed due to water main break in hamilton on hempstead dr between winton rd and hollytree dr traffic 
 i know you dont smoke weed. i know this. but im gonna get you high today. cause its friday. you aint got no job. aint got shit to do.
 i can never eat in the morning. like neverrrrrr. breakfast never been my thing unless i smoke first.
 recent work for smokey bones restaurants lifestylephotography smokeybones food people 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 183199 south kossuth street baltimore  viola 
 @yoboyj11 you dont smoke doe
 shake n bake to sugarfire for the ricky bobby el diablo smoked n fried chicken  gouda  lettuce  mater  pickle  2 
 woke up feeling high and i didnt even smoke wtf 
 i got weed  drink and a handy cam. all of which is legal in.... 
 giving up on weed is so hard  i been smoking since i was 12. im 22 now 
 my roommate woke me up by blowing smoke from a joint in my face i love her so much
 when you smoke in the rental  
 people who smoke hella weed look dead in the face. its a rare case that this is not true.
 and im far from cheap  i smoke skunk with my peeps all day
 finna smoke me a fat ass blunt as soon as i leave this place.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2613 hafer st  violation notice outstanding. 
 im always so paranoid if i smoke in the house lmaooooo
 every friday its go hoop clean smoke then play 2k
 easter ham time go to  . 810 pound spiral sliced smoked ham  40 all proceeds benefit jcc 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation dayton  oh
 see our latest gastonia  nc job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 my dad is excited im home mostly because he has an excuse to smoke cigars now
 if you propose to a smoker make sure you present them with a beautiful smoke ring
 @978jayp hold on i have to pick up some weed first and then ill post a pic lmfao 
 playing mario party with my thots break out the weed and the drank  on the spot
 drinking a smuttlabs smoked cherry short weisse by @smuttynosebeer at @smuttynosebeer  
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 great job again in the @uwadodge hospitality rm. smoked brisket and the trimmings.goodeats 
 if u dont smoke 3 or more packs of cigarettes a day ur not cool
 incident on i90nysthruway wb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 
 i make sure i always have weed on me
 chain smokers suite tickets gonna be littttt
 shrimp and grits with alligator and smoked pork sausage 
 i be forgetting weed is illegal
 if someone could smoke with me thats be cool. dont gotta match i just wanna b spaceddd
 but its only for marijuana
 nope. my weed man just got 6 mos. and im holding interviews all weekend. sorry. 
 im so salty i cant smoke bc im bored as hell
 discussing the role of privilege in the new legal marijuana economy is crucial. ill dig into this more deeply tomorrow when im not tired.
 note to rookies from an og weed smoker best way to keep ur weed fresh is store it in a glass jar with sealed top. ur welcome   livepd
 you might smoke but do you smoke smoke
 @jassssss  i smoked with her one time and she got so paranoid i was dying then she asked to smoke some more.
 this weed strong af im about to ko in my friends car
 i like smoking weed too much
 this man just ate a nug of weed 
 if you wanna smoke hmu 
 plus i cant smoke so i really be on edge about shit.
 i gotta friend that sleeps every time we in the box. blow smoke in his face  he wakes up 
 just because you smoke or get high doesnt make you cool
 who litttt smoke up drink up random@adevkture fuck it lol
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and ko good 
 brunch is back kentucky hot brown toasted sourdough  tomato  smoked turkey  asiago mornay  
 i need to thank my dad for forcing me to watch his favorite movies. i would have never seen back to the future or smokey and the bandit
 exactly. why she still wanna stay there im taking the rest of the weed and leaving. 
 ive never tried to smoke a female out then fuck. if i fucked its cause we wanted fuck amp was sober when we did.
 gram called me to tell me shes just started breaking bad.. i told her to watch weeds and she goes no thats about pot bb is about meth.
 @parkwayjai it cant kill you. its like a weed high x500
 dont forget.  set clocks up tonight.  also  replace batteries in your smoke detectors and co detectors.  also  stay warm
 whos gonna be there after the parties amp weed your boys ha i dont think so.
 @notyourflygurl incredible. is that the montreal smoked meat on top
 sweet kiss from cannabis
 this is sparta  agoge spartanracehouston @ hempstead  texas 
 work was full of smoke today  so theres that.
 i dont want to really talk about what the weed budget needed to  recover from a car hitting u without opiates was but i chose weed over food
 authorities bust cartelamp8217s 100 mil weed farms in texas 
 while hes having a smoke amp shes taking a drag 
 surprised more people arent on the smoking wax bandwagon lol shit tastes better  lasts longer and saves you money if you smoke heavy
 dude next to me in the westin tried to sell me weed. wtf. help. i dont want to give up my seat. i need an adult.   eye roll
 bitch i dont have any weed or food in this house and its snowing 
 if i smoke this blunt imma forget about you 
 set your  2nite before  amp  smoke alarms. change or replace alarms if 10 yrs old.  ur local  if you need assistance. prevention is 
 rough takeoff  bumpy ride  strong smoke smell in cabin  uturn back to the airport. on the ground now  but gonna be a long night  im afraid
 @lah3309 @o4america yes one nasty little weed at a time...we have alot of weeding to do but we have 7 yrs to do it 
 we are still smoking weed okay @vp
 @lexiiiiiistfu only valid point is if someones life was messed up bc they were involved in dealing...not weed itself lol
 amp my makeup gotta be on fleek tell the mua to give me a natural look w a smokey eye amp a slight glitter affect 30 mins before my funeral
 dandelions arent weeds and ill thank you to give them the respect they deserve.
 i have to smoke wit @wizkhalifa @snoopdogg and @currensyspitta at some point in my life
 @jbaylis tag him in a tweet and tell his old ass i want smoke
 gonna go home smokes some bowls and pass the fuck out 
 aint smoked in weeks cause of my job searches. oh my god 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 who in new york tryin smoke
 swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 seventh person arrested in connection with mendocino county marijuana growers death. 
 @qkode @doctrwang looks like weed
 i swear if everyone smoked marijuana  we wouldnt have any problems cuz everybody would be chillin 
 pho  weed  munchies.
 @joewarmington @styleske @jodieemery @sunlorrie truth is legal weed is the wind turbines of fed libs. a way to get votes enrich cronies
 do you smoke ganja @jacobsartorius
 nah these the ones that leave the house droppin neck for the plug gettin smoked out 
 rbfr wants to remind you to change your batteries in your smoke detector. your safety is our number 1 priority 
 my house rlly is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction lmaooo
 anything other than cannabis lmao. alcohol hasnt been my friend recently. 
 @spacegodkami bro wtf was you on when you did this song kus i want whatever you smoked  this shit go hard asf  
 @christlet smoked salmon  
 thier are people crucifying mike brown for selling a drug that they smoke themselves on the regular basis
 sade x weed being smoked right now.
 all the weed men back in houston smh 
 my car surprisingly never smells of weed  i leave so many clothes in there amp they always come out smelling rlly nice and never of bud 
 wanna smoke big dodo tonight in have sex but that ant gone happen
 alot of females blow they smoke right at the camera on snapchat bitch you wastin weed tryna look cute
 the hotel was ventilated and all smoke has been removed. all guest were allowed to return safely to their rooms.
 holy smokes  its a young @constancezimmer in the second episode of felicity 
 hearing people talk bout they high stories make me wanna smoke
 the fact that i havent smoked a blunt today
 he said he only smokes cohiba. cohiba cubancigar cuban calleocho @ calle ocho 
 springtime yard work weed spraying and clearing. @ christian valley 
 if i smoke im liable to chill but right now how im feeling you liable to get killed
 you know your lame when you cant get someone to come smoke your weed with you
 lets smoke a blunt and have deep convos
 @innovationtrek they do.voter blocks  econ concerns are why pro pot obama kept cannabis sched 1 despite patient outcry. money and favors
 what if god smoked cannabis 
 10 for a pack of backwoods im glad im home. 20 for a .8 of weed. jesus
 dont forget to change your smoke detector batteries. 3 out of 5 home fire deaths occurred in homes wo working smo 
 my smoke alarm is going every every 7 minutes for no reason and if it doesnt stop soon im going to go insane.
 k homeworks done lolz i can smoke now
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 omg i only had time to sleep and wake up early or do hw now but instead i smoked weed and watched 4 episodes of girl meets world
 sometimes i forget marijuana is illegal lol
 i swear my coworker gets stupid faded every time we smoke together 
 my weed man got locked up.
 @cuomochris chris  amazing interviews cutting thru their smokescreens please run for president
 and every time i find myself when the smoke clears.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i saw one of my favorite bands last night w 1 of my fav people amp smoked my fav herb  amp today im seeing work by my one of my fav painters
 depressed when im bout to smoke all my shit
 @cnn middle schoolers these days smoke  drink  doing drugs amp having sex. me in middle school spell icup
 @breakitdowndc no i need some weed.
 well hello migraine meet marijuana
 i will never consider tvs smart tvs until i can opt out of the cigarette guilt videos by proving that i dont smoke. ill do the paperwork
 the only corn you suppose to smoke is on a cobb said  orange 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1713 harlem avenue baltimore  
 @mattfontana83 @jrcherry3 @egoldie80 shumpert wll have enough weed to share with larry sanders  johnmarshalllawyers  drd
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 716 s lakewood ave  send message.
 about to smoke a blunt and eat it all 
 lol yall hoes thought yall was gon smoke for free huh
 i cant believe space jesus slept on devins couch in 2015 like this bitch has met and smoked with him wtf
 yall need ghost writers for arguments yall smoke crack 
 were in paneraampzhion said im gonna smoke weed everyday im dying my mom snatched him up so fast this boy is getting his ass beat in panera
 snapchat filters amp hookah smoke is all i know .. 
 no smoke 2017  @rocmarci ft. knowledge the pirate  off the lp rosebudds revenge. 
 me af or black smoke  you buying diesel or nah 
 i been here since july amp i am just now getting my first smoke break ever thanksgod
 gon find you a nice crack smoker on this block  
 meats in the smoker at lcs bbq in kansas city. @ lcs bbq 
 had a dream that i smoked pot w my dog
 readthebill @chriskrokshow the problem with higher ins cost for smokersover weight ppl is that the medicaid system will be too high bc...
 sleep  money  food  weed  u name it  
 the next person to smoke a cigarette in the car with is getting punched in the face i swear to god
 @gordonramsay rate my dish chicken breast stuffed with jalapeo and pepper jack wrapped in applewood smoke bacon. 
 if you smoke bowls fuck you
 go to work  go to school  smoke my weed with the select few associates i have  and stay in the house with my twins 
 should be sleep but im finna go smoke weed lol
 i live with a walking corpse who chain smokes and drinks every night for hours with high blood pressure i hope to move out before he croaks
 mohammad mohiedine anis  70  smokes his pipe and listens to music in his destroyed bedroom in aleppo. photo by jose 
 you got money for jordans  iphones  and weed but not for a bed k. 
 yes weed can get moldy. if youve ever thot u smoked laced weed before  it was prolly just shit moldy weed.
 stephen a needs to get on the weed
 thanks for the follow @rivertownbrew i had the tequilana apple agave cider and smoked chicken wings last week. amazing
 no clear evidence that he did not collude.  where there is smoke there is fire. thats why we investigateamp its jus 
 fuck getting some inna car  its yo cold to even smoke inna car 
 @marckanthony i feed my weed man foh especially cause he family and i dont pay for shit lol
 we are literally sitting in a smoke shack in colorado
 seeking reefer cdla recent grads in florida paid training  99 no touch freight miami  jobsearch hiring
 my whole apartment smells like weed. i guess everyone staying home today is blazing hard... blizzard2017
 just wanna smoke hella dope amp chill by the pool today... amp i will
 i just wanna smoke n watch step brothers
 im almost positive this lil old man that comes into my work everyday smokes fatter than all of u
 excuse how i sound  i was obvi stupid lit  but happy birthdayyy stinkyy  cant wait to smoke 700 joints w you tom 
 sis  do you smoke crack 
 you can be remote amp small  but just as connected as big smoke @decius says localgov need to take cyber issues seriously csmsxsw sxsw
 and weed 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 imagine telling your kid your dad left us right after you were born and thought weed and hoes was was better then us like 
 well  i got people to link with amp weed to smoke.  holla at yall   yall know how to get in touch with me
 there is only 1 prong  1 step  the rest is smoke and really dirty mirrors. 
 for those who want weed legalized  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 i skipped my first class today. is this what its like to be a rebellious teen i feel invincible. anyone want to smoke a cigarette 
 music is the greatest form of relaxation. forget smokin weed  drinkin  amp them other drugs. zone out to the music. thats a real high yupyup
 i need to smoke so i could eat 
 ive come to the conclusion that no one in nyc eats food they only drink margs and smoke cigs
 im out of weed  im working my shit job today and i dont even wanna go. fuck my life i shouldve just stripped when i had the chance
 why government marijuana look like pea shells 
 my god dad told me to smoke so i can keep calm. 
 cant wait to smoke this blunt after i get off work
 2 strains some og and some diablo purpgot thee best strains fwm if you wana smoke only the best that medical kill 
 oh dont let me see you crying  cause oh  honey ill smoke you till im dying
 @donaldjtrumpjr you guys are all smoke and mirrors
 not only that but we somehow switched the topic over to smoking weed lmao
 really want to smoke sunset sherb right about now
 field of weeds drugmovies @midnight
 cozy smoke sessions gtgt
 @havensmarie bittttch  you never smoked with me lol i tried for so long
 when you really need bud to smoke but st.paul dry af. 
 need a smoke break 
 now i get drunk and im smoking weed  popping pills all the time
 theres water therees weed theres everything ineed
 dad you probably know i smoke but it relaxes me to be honest  me ive known he smokes pot for like 5 years lol yeah i get it and idc
 fucking bush weed  
  did you get to see dr. kevin sabet speak about marijuana policy must watch. a true expert groton
 @dailycaller add the money wasted on cannabis prohibition.  give those worthless dea agents something to do...
 snoop can do whatever the fuck he wants he smoked weed in the white house remember  
 need to smoke
 dont know why im bothered by the shit you say... i know its all lies and smoke and mirrors.....
 sessions in prepared remarks today also calls marijuana a lifewrecking dependency...thats only slightly less awful than heroin.
 @emzorbit @drdind @karoli wrong. under aca they cant even ask about health history other than if youre a smoker.
 the laws are one thing but that spice stuff is not weed its so synthetic now its like a cyberdrug btw
 @jeffsessions you have seriously got to get with the times. weed is not worse than alcohol and should be regulated accordingly.
 my mama still trying to figure out how can i smoke and still play basketball... im a hopper sis 
 and smoke one for nate dogg today 
 i havent smoked in so long 
 @ivankatrump and your dads healthcare plan wont help most of them  nor will his administrations policy on marijuana. do something about it
 and whats crazy is white pornstars do coke in their videos  but she gets caught for weed possession.  
 sit down smoke a blunt and reminisce about how shit use to be
 shit keep me with the munchies more than weed
 my mom straight up knows i smoke pot lol
 there needs to be cannabis chewdip.... cannachewcannadip 
 you know i will smoke the whole world bout you  
 forgotten weed stash donated to goodwill 
 lmao if  @jeffsessions thinks you can overdose on marijuana  then you my sir are a fucking idiot
 looking out the window waiting on the weed man like a lil boy waiting on his daddy to pull up for a play date.
 i love smoking weed 
 hog day at greatthyme today smoked chorizo  jagerwurst and andouille on deck  cochonita pibil 
 microwaves in trump towers cleared of wrong doing @huffingtonpost next check smoke detectors  due to trump blowing 
 @xweedposts bullshit. i am 51 and i didnt dick off because of marijuana and i worked in education for 25 years. your a kid
 i wanna go to the beach at night to smoke and just vibe for a while
 coming back to yana soon if you want smoke you may receive smoke
 just like people snapchat them smoking weed every day i snapchat me working out every day
 when you smoke more weed than usual 
 it is the weed  the weed indeed it is.  dr. 420euss
 im tryna smoke
 want somebody to just smoke and vibe with
 thank you god for having my own room  two cool  black roommates and they both smoke
 we can smoke one first if you tryna get lit 
 @aussiepetec @jimrhoughton @meckeringboy 4 yrs turnbull knows it he is full of piss and wind nothing but smoke and mirrors out boy turnbull
 wanna smoke a cig but my phone is at 1 
 i only smoke kools 
 white people really do cocaine just how niggaz smoke weed
 swear ta god im bouta smoke this half by myself right now
 both i barely smoke anymore 
 who needs diamonds on your ring when theres crystals on my reefer  @meechisdead
 if yall hide yall guns amp weed like yall hide yall bms amp gfs then yall would never be in jail
 smh i gotta be back at work again at 10. shit is brazyyyyy. show amp smoke ritual like fuck rn.
 my whole uber ride home consisted of my driver talking all about weed and the different kinds of high you can get 
 wail  you gate howl  you city melt away  all you philistines a cloud of smoke comes from the north   . . . 
 @cmsepeda27 it helps  which is why my current pain drs insurance company wants them to refuse weed to their patients  like me.
 call me the chiefer with this reefer and shit
 farm work today. its the time of yr where some of the wildflowers have to be weededmowed. hate to see them go but 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy  
 5 marijuana myths its time we burn  weed cannabis myths 
 im mad that my baby didnt leave weed in car like usually....
 thats a big weed.  acastev22017  acasotier  adventurecycling @ glamis sand dunes 
 @veeduh25 good weed out the garbage fair weather fans
 @lauraangelina make sure he didnt take any weed for that backwoods
 holy smokes. in less than 24 roger stone amp savage attacked uspoli
 this is amazing for people who smoke  drink lots of coffee and red wine it removes stains without peroxides  pm m 
 whilst we are being distracted from whats really happening in govt idgaf about fluff  what bills have passed during the smoke haze
 mac demarco goes great with weed and sadness 
 i just watched a video of a rabbi  priest  and a gay conservative smoke weed together. what an odd but surprisingly positive video
 i hate the smell of weed maaaaan 
 more smoke screen from trump. this leaked tax return was his copy. so he leaked it then claimed it was illegal and fakenews. nice try.
 so yall gone legalize heroin but not marijuana  get the entire fuck outta here 
 everybody around me smoke weed  pop pills too 
 name a good song to listen to while you smoke
 can you recommend anyone for this job smokey bones bar amp fire grill  bartender   hospitality kissimmee  fl
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 2300 east biddle street baltimore  
 but i dont smoke
 fuckin weed
 @benkissel lets make no mistake. jeff sessions stern take on marijuana is directly linked to paid prisons. reefermadness2017
 so i smoked a whole chicken for dinner...for two people   coorslightforscale 
 i need to smoke. im just not having it today.
 question about legal marijuana. mg was against  but now needs to work with legislature to make it happen.
 when i used to smoke my grades were on point.
 got a little lost in the weeds with @aylinwoodward yesterday. 
 just smoked with my step mom for her first time
 she jus wanna smoke and fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 @tamitamz21 the cigarette smoke kills the sperm
 i had a table tonight that left me a poor tip but they also left their weed on the ground so guess who got the last laugh me hits bong
 ion even smoke enough to match fr tho . haha . i barely smoke . ill be too high
 finna smoke a blunt amp gts soon as i get home.
 ppl that smoke cigs in the subway stations are trash
 i beat erica in the weed race if you count lollipops
 bitch got the nerve to fan the smoke... 
 gmakapuso abroad legally blind congrats mikael janine weeding.    lbmarrymegrace 
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli
 my feet are fucking killing me  ready to smoke sumn and poke sumn
 whos tryna smoke
 can u smoke before going 2 the dentist like will they kno u r hi or like whut  i dnt think so
 this dude was telling me about one of his friends who went to colorado and smoked something that made him lose his 
 where my weed yall
 gonna run this ross back a 3rd time after i find some weed
 weeducateyoudecide  study cbddominant cannabis extracts reduce seizure frequency 
 time to smoke a fat backwood
 all yall bum hoes do is smoke weed and fuck every nigga 
 and last time i smoked gas i almost crashed a whip
 i see more vapors than i ever did see smokers guess smoking wasnt cool enough for some people lmao
 be careful though. dts confidence is built on smoke and mirrors...in his head. 
 confused about cannabis chemistry get the facts cbga the mother of cannabinoids  @surfinchef61 @cannacon
 man dis shxt nice af but dammit way da fuq imma smoke at
 dont think youre somehow a better person than me just kus i smoke weed amp you dont.
 there was a really bad accident on the other side of the freeway and the car was burned and smokey and it made me so sad i started crying
 why some random nigga just ask me if he could smoke at my house
 @skepticnikki smoking weed ... omg shoot him ...
 having an argument @ 420 pm  about smoking weed in public venues
 nice smoke ring in the ribs @baconbrospub @ bacon brothers public house  texas 
 who tf calls marijuana joints bones
 im moving back home the weed men all in my family
 huntington beach city council is allowing pot shops to open all around our city allowing sales of marijuana amp hash where the hell is the fbi
 what happens when a priest  a rabbi amp an atheist walk into a dispensary they smoke marijuana together legalize 
 i smoke so i wont flash so fast. but people love trying the keep.
 georgia lawmakers have reached a compromise for medical marijuana  via @marijuanatimesx
 fuck all the fame this shit too difficult im just gon weigh all this weed on my digital
 i smoke so much bro my eyes naturally
 wish i had a little lady to smoke this with. totheface
 @schleepington i was planning on going in this exact direction too. people have told me that econ 101 is a weedout class. is that true
 for sure need to enter the sundance og from sinsesol weed.rar sinsesolchick into 
 chief keef go nigga  run nigga  run from the po nigga.......  me gas what i smoke nigga 
 im just wanna smokeeeeeeeeeeeee
 nycs newest pandemic  no exaggeration landlord using constant cloud of toxic smoke to evict tenants  suit says 
 its literally impossible for me to smoke and not go to sleep. like  cant do it
 if i smoked.....
 i need to smoke bruh
 im just tryna pick someone up to come smoke this purple punch w me is that so much to ask for
 ima smoke this blunt with or without u 
 when the weed man still havent pulled up  im pissed tf off now
 i wish i could smoke rn
 anyone tryna smoke
 come through amp smoke a blunts with me
 @hollandmovement @acscannebraska you already got 90 billion from smokers for the 2 chip programs. will you ever be 
 scary.  only 2.7 of americans exercise  eat right  dont smoke  proper body fat @canyonranch @htlezracornell hec92
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 bummer. had to have saturday breakfast indoors. must be an everglades fire. the wet smoke smell is miserable in my gardens this morning.
 three fighters pop for weed at ufc fight night 104  via @mmafighting  this is bogus  overturning wins to no contests
 we get it  you smoke weed. 
 i know a lot of people who would smoke this  
 had a dream that weed was illegal in california again so i invented a burrito that came w a torch so u could caramelize every bite you took
 i need weed and a bomb back massage
 no weed. no ports.
 i need ganja
 all we use to do is fuck and smoke
 the american taxpayer should be on an anti smoke and dont need to be involved changing conditions stick your cigar 
 david made me smoke the fattest joint of my life yesterday amp i no longer considered myself the dd lmao
 is it considered trashy or unattractive if a girl smokes weed
 nelly if u wanna go and get high with me  smoke a l in the back of the benze  oh why must i feel this way  me 
 shes all good she just needed a smoke  
 this how alabama fans smoke cigars at kasi cigar lounge  rolltide kasicigarlounge bama cigars atlcigar 
 my weekly supply has been delivered. when your weed guy also makes your bath bombs.  ganjagoddess findom 
 @caocigars @michelobultra  enjoying marchmadness and a good smoke 
 this is how old men eat  they said... minimees seattlelife bww @ buffalo wild wings smokey 
 cari levy on medical marijuana its almost impossible to overdose marijuana. deaths by marijuana are associated  not induced. paltc17
 sour  sour  funky blueberries. almost smokey.  drinking a blueberries in the flesh at @alewifebaltimor   photo
 free smoke
 drake spazzing on free smoke
 morelife free smoke free smoke ayeee
 free smoke @drake
 free smoke ayyy
 free smoke
 when all you have to do is throw that cornbread in the collards... @ mables smokehouse 
 shawty said she smoked a xanny 
 what a cute little irish dancer @ center street smokehouse 
 skin that smoke wagon and see what happens  well you just gonna to stand there and bleed or do something  
 free smoke free smoke 
 great smokes regius cigars @ racine amp larame cigar shop in san diego  ca 
 who try smoke wit me 
 free smoke @drake
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 free smoke about to get the world hip to hiatus kaiyote and i support that wave 100
 free smoke free smoke ..
 free smoke  gyalchester sacrifices cant have everything  
 i just did find a racoon harvesting my wacky weed   
 free smoke free smoke
 imma roll hella bitches up in a blunt and smoke em away 
 that one was too exciting and i missed the smoke. greenandgold 32 timbers @ providence park 
 lets go smoke and listen to this more life 
 i was gonna go out  but id rather just smoke n listen to more life in my room
 my car stays smelling like weed
 wynwood  medical marijuana awareness concert @ the wynwood yard 
 @lanavalrey for real tho i wonder if they have fried chicken candles haha. smoke soon tho hmu  
 why tf dont i know anyone in san rafael im tryin to smoke
 that piano bit at the end of free smoke is wavy
 obamagate has more smoke around than the media would lead you to believe . 
 lmao my boy jose woke me up to smoke a couple beezys with him  good times catching up with old friends
 well fuck  since i cant smoke anymore i might as well join a gym  that plant life is gonna start soon 
 free smoke free smoke free smokeeee 
 bout to be in church smelling like smoke 
 man yall won im bout to dip on my babymoms and daughter bout to hang in the stuy and smoke some bud
 sunshinefire smoke visible from the superior cam  smoke in downtown boulder.  
 free smoke
 let me tell ya bout my best friend... @ old crow smokehouse 
 ight so todays the day i quit smoking weed
 free smoke free smoke   aye
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 yall be pressed to smoke with bitches....then. charge. them. to. smoke
 so i smoked my first jay with my best friend last night in la   shit was lit
 like  whats next  whats that  whats up i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 everybody whos anybody round this way has smoked a joint with trayd have you thehitscollection2 42017 see you 
 all my coworkers do is take pics of the weed 
 mowed the lawn  pulled weeds  have lukasey clothes washedampironed for the week  and dinner is cooking.. how am i not wifed up yet 
 so i just smoke to take the stress away   really that dont work nomore   so i dream about the better days   so i wont have to hurt nomore
 this bitch wanna smoke all my weed
 free smoke by drake bumpsss
 i am just as much against cannabis marketeers amp profiteers as i am all others. tracey g 
 smh. so thats y you dont be tryna smoke w me 
 haha wtf my mom left my cousin a voicemail saying hey ash  maybe we can get together n smoke some pot or somethin u let me know  
 free smoke free smoke ayee
 accident  right lane blocked in hempstead on the southern st pkwy eb at hempstead ave traffic 
 its so crazy how my music selection used to be back when i didnt even smoke
 @susansarandon still dying to know if you smoked all those cigarettes in the film
 i may have smoked a lil too many
 the homie get ready bro we finna smoke  me 
 haha smoke the only thing im smoking is these sausages
 free smoke free smoke aye
 giving me all this weed .. taking me and my friends places 
 malik and asia came all the way from kent to smoke with me
 as i sit in this booth. waiting on my main course.  i think i will leave to denver for exxxotic. nah im going there for the weed lol.
 yall ever burp smoke.. 
 if i smoke this blunt ima forget you
 @kampenkreator @fitzwithme yall down to smoke some heroin
 i got that rapper weed pullup
 mad about my weed i aint even going lie.
 n smoke sum
 yo mcm smokes swishers and white owls
 my mom said these weed socks i have are for santeria. u caught me
 if i smoke this blunt girl imma forget you
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hughes  ar job
 i just want to ride bikes today  and smoke  and eat good 
 i barely ever smoke hookah  but when i do it just reminds me of why i shouldnt do it lol
 this weekend was a gr8 example of how beer makes u retarded and cannabis makes you chill i didnt see any pot heads puking and tweaking
 trying to smoke lol
 holy smokes..these delivery guys d like magicians when it comes2moving huge appliances thru weird spaceswow lowes yaynewfridgeandstove
 i just smoked a blunt w your girlfriend
 free smoke screams anthony zinni
 fuck lil pump n smokepurp @drewswace exposed them boys 
 put that in your think piece and smoke it 
 country music radio station breaking news someone robbed a convenience store and stole some smokes. yup. full on canadian accent too.
 ificouldmaketimestandstill i go to a medical marijuana shop and steal all the weed
 theres one single bluebonnet in my yard. plenty of weeds  though. 
 dont smoke anymore so i have to come up with an alternative
 patients with medical marijuana cards would not be barred from getting a concealed weapons permit under sb351 
 @thagoonez its so hard to have the weed man here come diliver even when u offer gas money
 the government hasnt legalized marijuana because they want people to build up their record.. so when they stop u moments after ur a suspect
 ill never be a weed head but shit i love being high 
 sends sc of my pea snaps riley  ash lowkey i thought those were weed sticks you made into noodles @rileycat99
 sorry  but weed keeps me sane sometimes.
 jesus what do u call this weed strain  percocet
 thats the only damage. no leaking  or smoke or overheating
 you know youve had a horrible day when your boss tells you to go home and smoke a blunt lol
 i used to smoke but ever since i started vaping i cant stand the smell of cigs. plusssssssss this second hand smoke shit is no bueno
 why does oprahs wax figure look like oprah if she smoked crack 
 well just smoked a blunt in a slide  that was pretty dope.
 lmao she tryna be seen and the bitch waisting the damn weed tf 
 @anoprax waaaiit  do they test for alcohol use too because i have some news for them about safe driving if not  and weeds as legal as beer
 help me i need weed please
 my goal is to get weed legal in ky this year.
 no  half of these guys smoke with guys that eat ass so basically they all eat ass  
 woke @ zuckers bagels amp smoked fish 
 @chronichoosier where there is smoke.....
 lmao she can follow the wave feelings gon b hurt when i tell her im in class but on snap at a smokeout  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2103 ramsay street baltimore  send message. 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 sb396 new revises provisions relating to the medical use of marijuana or industrial hemp. bdr 5453 
 pull up on us...come smoke wit me @ da booth  sticksquad @ mountain house bar amp grill 
 dont wanna smoke it if it aint no dank
 these guys in my stats class who are comparing how much they can smoke are so annoying  no one caressss
 blow out that smoke and relax
 no such thing as free smoke...
 i need to smoke now
 @tylercondrey93 smoked marlboro reds and touched me far too often lol
 its my mans birthday so yall know what that means ... i got him some weed cause i dont give it up easy
 i need to smoke before i really fight this nigga like deadass my blood is boiling
 all i want  santa claus  is two fat bitches and a bag of weed and two bags of chips to give to the fat bitches.
 tonight @ the waiting room in omaha with @deafheavenband and @twdy  i play at 8  bring us weed  
 @beshuster smoke and sektor are pretty overwhelming as well
 the woman who led canadas marijuana task force tells @cknw the legal age should be 18 amp pot should not be sold in liquor stores.  thoughts
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 46044606 harford rd  trash in fro 
 why is skippy in my house taking pictures of weed with a digital camera
 anybody wanna come roll this blunt i might let you smoke too
 then this man gone ask is it me that smells like weed or was it that white man....
 free smoke free smoke
 fields if marijuana becomes recreational at some point.. this ordinance will be in place already
 am i crazy or is drakes free smoke just a slowed down version of flexicution by logic someone listen and tell me
 prairie heights middle school won the @cdphe protect whats next challenge designed to keep youth from using retail marijuana. greeleygov
 free smoke        pearlopticphotography peoplecreatives portrait lightroom 
 i smoke so many solos since i stay in southside away from everyone
 ayo @ravenxmiyagi good seeing you my g i completely forgot bout that late night smoke
 the whole block smells like fire weed . my whole neighborhood puts em in the air. caliweed
 i love the smell of smoke
 dont smoke weed down here
 i actually had a very productive day today. wow. i should smoke as a reward.
 randomly stumbled upon the place where i smoked a cigarette for the first and only time.  nostalgia denver colorado
 transferring busses in seattle  dude in dress hey you smoke tries to hand me a crack pipe  nope. no sir. nope 
 my feelings get hurt when @joycastro25 smoke wout me. its like shes cheating on me
 today was the last time i can smoke for a year fam
 who trynna smoke
 remember niggas tried to bury me  shots fired so its free smoke now
 @machinedrum smoke some kush
 @pettytrasia well what kind of weed was it  i need to be fried
 @windowdrama i want a sous vide but feel my smoker may feel insulted.
 @dongeronimoshow thought chuck barris smoked pot heard he did  do you know
 shorty ask me why i smoke so much 
 honestly cant wait to go home  blast my music  smoke a couple blunts amp just play with my makeup 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 i keep my weed in my sock just in case a opp try me 
 @ilovemakonnen5d ill pay the fee for your meet n greet if you come arizona  makonnen please do and well smoke up
 wit over 600 000 arrests a year  according to a fbi report released c.2014  the only thing lifewrecking about cannabis is its prohibition.
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i want a bad bitch that dont smoke but she going burn with me.
 bout go smoke
 my more life top 5   1. gyalchester 2. free smoke 3. passionfruit 4. teenage fever 5. 4422  i liked a lot of the songs tho so it was hard
 @cloudn9nesyrup almost bought some cbd gummies yesterday while at the smoke shop. what are some pros of cbd
 @erniebufflo holy smokes haha. nice thx for the tip
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 100 n curley st  
 @hanamarieyo when we used to smoke together
 i wanna smoke a backwood at the beach 
 paiva weed i will seek an opinion from the ethics commission
 rules of drive thrus have ur change ready please dont smoke turn off your windshield wipers be polite  dont talk on the phone
 i had a dream the bill passed to legalize marijuana in wv and to say the least i was pretty disappointed when i woke up
 whats the best way to smoke out
 slushys are back at lil brown smoke shack 1.25 for a single 16oz or 2 16oz slushies for only 1.00 
 when is mr trudeau  going to legalize weed is a question that is stretched either way its here to stay. 
 whenever i smoke i feel like i have to announce it to everyone because its so rare when i do
 free smoke free smoke
 i love weed in general lol 
 night 1 smoke some night 2 drink some night 3 pop some 
 havent smoked a wood in a min 
 my house smells like weed 247
 thats why ive never tried smokin weed. cuz i already have thoughts like that..
 its a sad day when a fellow stoner cant even help a brotha out with weed. san francisco is wack
 also remember all democrats are not far left nut jobs.  weed those out  but we need to learn to work together
 this uber smells like me when i tried to pretend to smoke in high school. old cigarettes and victorias secret body spray. 
 im literally going through it  but im a smoke this blunt amp let go
 comin up outta da weeds to say howdy and how are ya now...
 i want to smoke an entire pack of marb reds to my dome rn
 told my mom i was gonna smoke meth and do coke today and she wasnt even a little concerned...thanks ma
 rissy just said about rihanna she deff smokes lmao like babe youre mad late she been a pothead
 for the heavy smokers why dont yall buy more weed oppose to yall keep buying dubs and eights
 fucked around and caught the norovirus sippin on special k protein drink why is the weed jar over there smh
 if you bad mouth marijuana you better have your facts straight.
 if you have no expenses but weed  food and travel  dont talk to me about money.
 i will pay someone in cle to go smoke a fat blunt with mama tg
 @mariasirens id prefer to smoke them
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 66176625 belford rd  trash dumped 
 incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w3e ...httpst.contgolbtvgo
 me and my pops smoked in the whip before going to the movie and then we thought we walked into the wrong movie 
 happy to have found a table with an outlet at smokey row. need to focus focus focus  
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation clinton  mo job
 what is that eary line of smoke or evil spirit juju seen in this video on the path of the tire b4 u see it hit the 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation bloomington  il
 i trust my weed man more than i trust the government regulating my weed tbhhhhh 
 sb745 engross controlled substances authorizing clinical trial for medical marijuana specifying qualifying co... 
 @breakonebarrier @maleficious @daivernon smoke smoke smoke
 i hate when people say weed isnt addictive. anything can be habit forming to the mind. dont belive the uneducated facts the media potreys.
 i bet the @thechainsmokers dont even smoke thursdaythoughts
 just saw my life flash before my eyes. chef matts smoked lamb breast mcrib with house made 
 current weather in tamiami smoke  74f 69 humidity  wind 14mph  pressure 1022mb
 final of ll girls all star hoops at hempfield  the home side won 6961
 tall girls wear heels on the first date to weed out the unworthy
 she didnt say weed  
 free smoke
 shout out to one of the @rockbridgebrew reps stopping into the new xpress liquor amp smokes in moberly and hooking me up with a tshirt
 zag nation can finally relax holy smokes. to the elite 8
 people need to stoop asking me to smoke 
 when j smokes a little to much 
 when i say drugs i dont mean weed. no one has been hurt from using weed.
 @jessecarstairs bullshit. if he doesnt then he smokes a shit load of crack.
 you dont want no smoke you dont no cancer 
 who tryna smoke 
 i just woke up someone come smoke a blunt with me
 free smoke passionfruit  madiba raddim  blem gylachester  portland  teenage fever   since way back  fake love  ice melts
 yall comparing apples and oranges with this song and drakes whole album... compare it specifically to free smoke if anything
 hayley uhhh bree why do you smell like weed and popcorn
 cant wait to smoke pot amp get drunk all the time again lol
 i.been screaming off my deck help n im sinking drink n a smoke im going under n no light in sight what wood u do
 fhp has blocked cr 119 at us 301 near brycevile this morning because of smokefog near burning wildfire. gmj 
 @mashable ........................ smart ............. marijuana ......farmers ..............
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3705 s hanover st  
 doit4dizon 50 push ups everytime he smokes 
 see our latest chester  pa job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 @718nick if it aint no game or a dutch dont even blow the smoke in my vicinity lol
 its raining mad hard amp i have weed 
 i dont get how people like to smoke that shit feels like torture
 my friend  pat  loves cooking projects. she recently bought a smoker and smoked her own cheese 
 if you smoke . its a no for me .
 park chanyeol smokes 247 lowkey sells weed likes to play with fire sleeps around a lot guys i burnt myself l 
 just smoked a bowl with my aunt and uncle in their half a million dollar house 
 pull up and buy a shirt  smoke
 find someone who appreciates you for who you are  and someone who smokes just as much as you  baeeeweedislif 
 i didnt know what a pit sticker was. i thought it was like a weed sticker that you lick and got high.  @lovejewles 
 just found a full pack of 27s in my purse... i dont smoke cigarettes lmao
 the cub on a cub smokeybear pipercub @ smokey bear historical park 
 a girl that smokes whether it be weed or cigarettes is not the one for me  biggest turn off ever
 i got free smoke for whoever want it 
 i thought i didnt have weed all day but there was so much in my grinder.
 tonight cranberry amp bacon stuffed  honey amp garlic rubbed smoked pork tenderloin on my @gmgrills @wwmblogger 
 i real life have issues i thought my nigga was out with a bitch and drove like 115 down the highway and smoked half pack of marlboros
 i wish i was old enough to drink and smoke with my family 
 @isaacshauntedb s podcast is like getting high on good weed and passing a drug test the next day...
 someone bring me a bottle of wine and ill smoke you out. 
 forever wishing i could do a smokey eye
 just wanna smoke amp fuck   i said thats all that we do ..
 went and smoked myself silly
 paleo sweet potato amp lamb  burger topped with a onion marmalade and double smoked bacon at 
 repost from @majorleapgroup with    ...   shawn bandz x smokey da bandit   louie  
 youre bitch swallows kids for weed
 gotta smoke weed when your depressed and on a bad team i guess lmao 
 i cant smoke no more liquor draw
 about to smoke this blunt and calm my nerves
 @potus is this like  i f you legalize marijuana teens will be smoking pot everywhere that didnt turn out to be true ether.
 one time i smoked a blunt i found outside kangaroo gas station
 feel like its been forever since we smoked. when you pullin up on me lol 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 once they hit that campus its over. you become a drinker and a smoker lol
 but that aint weed tho. so who knows perhaps die  
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 hate waking up w no weed lmao 
 wanna smoke blunts on a yacht
 gurkha cellar reserve 15 year maduro. prefect draw. mellow aged smoke. @gurkhacigars cigars purocigar @cigarsmoke 
 @tja7175 smoke free 
 @jemarmxchael i came to this fashion show. but trust i would have smoked and watched
 friend if you smoked or drank  who would you invite the enjoy with you me only me because im the one who bought it him thats selfish..
 any ladies wanna join me to smoke fat  tan and drink pool side
 im finna smoke on my 30 fuck it
 the weed out here is like...toooooo good. i was figuratively baked like a cake the whole night. 
 i wanna smoke and eat on my picnic  and just talk.
 hickory smoked latte from @upcoffeeroaster at @insightbrewing smokesignals mnbeer coffee mpls 
 when i just wanna go eat and smoke hookah and my mom has a funeral to go too  blowing it
 im the type to take shorty from her stress  roll up   and we gonna smoke on our way to get something to eat 
 why i love biggreenegg. in our local bar while ribs smoke
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 my ex used to eat my ass then go smoke with ha friends i aint say shit though cause yall aint say shit when she was cheating 
 the last generation with the right to smoke cigarettes. no one said anything about obamas food and drug political 
 wanna smoke some mariana
 i really just want to smoke a l  and laugh with you.
 it is 510 in the afternoon and the weed man owes me a gram yall best get as far away cause he might catch these hands soon
 finally got some weed
 dis weed to loud
 my dad just came at me sideways saying his grill smells like weed
 hubbard nebraska was hopping tonight. our population is 231 and that was about the number of folks attending hubbards smoke out  fun fun
 @iamspilly based on your previous 2 tweets  this poll  and you live in co  im just going to go ahead and assume youre doing the weed.
 wicked weed infidel porter on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 fina smoke like 7
 i can still remember how the weed smelt when you were riding shotgun  no seatbelt.
 @wolfnchiclothng  wait... what i thought you were going to die one night after secondhand smoke exposure.
 who tryna smoke sum blunts
 guess ill smoke this blunt and just chill
 fruit loops or weed
 like this tweet if u tryna get high wit me.. ill smoke u sometime lmao
 aint no one to smoke this l with
 none of my weedmen are up 
 who tf had loud rn  havent smoked since last night
 if you smoke cigarettes  youre gross.
 we unveil our new smoked meatloaf today @sweetsandmeats open noon until we sell out at 2249 beechmont ave 
 @repkarenbass @msnbc maybe trumpcare was smoke and the real story is tillerson making the world hate usa. 
 @nelsonguevara i dont smoke tho so i wouldve dispensed it to the little kids telling them it was the good good and charge them double
 if the weed aint comin from the weedman i dont want it 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation clinton  mo
 @angelou45328491 thank you for liking us if you follow us that show support for cannabis families
 repost from happy guest  shannon greer gbroadtrip 1st servings of smoked meatloaf have gone out 
 i just wish yall would be respectful and smoke that shit before yall come to the club lol .
 n smoke 
 i went up to my manager to ask if i could go smoke and he immediately said go burn one.
 i wish people with ecigs didnt feel entitled that they can smoke them anywhere. no  you actually cant.
 frying smoked pork arancini this afternoon at no246atlanta fcancer @ no. 246 
 south hempstead ny sun mar 26th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @kassemg  will sponsor you with weed dm or email me at info@venbud.com
 all my friends are weedies 
 theres a half smoked regular black and mild in the ash tray 
 went for a run just now doing laundry playing music smoking some weed showering and then im going to read with some tea
 somebody smoke with me
 the possibility of illinois being the first state in the midwest to legalize marijuana is becoming more real and i love it
 indeed an amazing smoke  
 @trailandultra im curious  was talking about weed your agenda all along in this ultrachat 
 i wanted to smoke more but my knee is hindering me from being great 
 @potus @secpricemd im not condoning the use of any illegal substance. not federally legalizing marijuana is dumb. jails r4 murderers.
 @paradigmpres @mbombaycigars @smokinflyron @cigarchairman @nhale1300 @pistolcliff @airmunro @nathancaliendo awesome smoke
 about to go buy a dog if that nigga cross me ima smoke his ass
 sooooo happy my best friend smokes again 
 somebody pull up on me and pablo we got the smokes
 drugs are bad kids  dont do them  marijuana is ok but too much isnt good  so smoke moderately. 
 i need more friends that smoke 
 and dis ain no bs weed 
 i wanna smoke and this nigga wanna watch walking dead 
 @thevelvetdevil and i just smoked  fried  baked  amp breaded wings in the house for a new project. 
 gonna smoke this fatty before bed 
 i need some weed .. i aint smoke all day
 my uncle gone have to give me all his weed before he go to the casino tonight. he cant smoke it at the hotel anyway.
 that fucken weed  
 you dont smoke w big brudda no more 
 baby hit this weed it might calm you down  ill rub your feet listening to everything you talkin bout...
 dont take meds and smoke i swear you trip more 
 the strong smell of cigarette smoke amp bad old lady perfume. 
 pretty girlssss ask them  do they smoke ask them  what do they know ask them  can we go
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1302 w franklin st  send message. 
 @bobohstern @sternshow @realbobo697 bobo from san diego aka jesse from califoriduh is the best medical marijuana delivery driving instructor
 everything is annoying today.  my coworker that smokes crack.  the damn kennel girls.  my snack drawer. the sweat on my cup.  all of it.
 yeah ima go get some mf weed
 its a official shot out to myself videobig thanks to smoked out digital brandon tucker waldon this just the 
 julz needs to wakey wakey eggs n bakey bc i wanna smoke and i dont dare do that wo her
 i can only justify spending money on ubers and smokes why am i like this
 i need some weed.
 you say you want smoke  puff it up
 people dont really talk enough about how snooki turned into a certified smokeshow
 waiting to smoke cause my complex coming to inspect my apartment but they not here yet and im bout annoyed
 nigga be rolling backwoods with a .5  might as well smoke a rello bruh 
 @sim54gar @ajdesai4 haha im just trying to see thru all the smoke like everyone else.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1808 e pratt st  send message.
 you dont even smoke and you still died from cancer....... olivebranch
 someone smoke these blunts w me ill scoop 
 who wanna go w me to the beach  smoke  smoke  and smoke
 its raining and i havent smoked a cig in 5 hours. time to risk it.
 drinking a willows inn smoked farmhouse by @wanderbrewing @ wander brewing  
 in a john laurinitis voice people power that dude voice be so raspy that i think he smoke about 30 cigarettes da 
 cardboard shit.   you might as well smoke a swisher lol
 what yall kno about wellflushed weed 
 ma has highest rate of opioidrelated er visits yet faced aggressive opposition from gov officials on recreational marijuana. makes sense
 @cmsgov @medicaregov medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 50 for mention of smoking. 
 i choose not to smoke so why should a nonsmoker be forced to pay 1600 to smell 2ndhandsmoke from someone else smokingkills 
 i wanna smoke
 is there a way to take a flight with weed on you
 if youre really craving smoked salmon  dont go to target. they dont have it. trust me  i checked. only disappointment can be found there.
 all i smoke is dope  
 are you really my friend or just another weed customer
 daniel just pissed me off i never wanna buy weed from him ever again
 it has to stop the discrimination on canabis is unreal with all we know today  but some people will never be open 
  erik prince met with putin associate to establish back channel how much more smoke again russiagate  
 summer vibes and something to smoke to with your girl ayyyee 
 this the last of my weed till later. and im sooo sad..
 shitty fucking day at ups...brightside is that i finally got someone who can get me weed 
 all i wanna do today is snug and smoke some js.
 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @fbi lies and smoke dont make it right
 im so starving but im working so ill just smoke a cig about it
 @exodvvs @tredicl better smoke some weed from now till then
 i need more female friends ... like lets drop the bullshit and just smoke a blunt.
 this guy in my class tried to race me in his honda civic going back home  i smoked him in my 2 door honda accord 
 im just so over getting cheated on andor lied too  can i just smoke weed and be single 5ever lol
 beginning of the 9th week of construction on island smokehouse @kingsislandpr its coming along 
 my perception of social media and todays vote in kansascity animals and weed are better than infrastructure and poor neighborhoods.
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 of course he wanted a cheetah   puff. but at first i thought that dude could tell i was smoking weed. ja
 after these stories i been hearing  ion even know if its safe to smoke wit some yall hoes
 @fuschiagoddess holy smokes thanks for posting that
 custom shirts for smoke buddy     design your custom shirts  screenprinting  business 
 watching rosa de guadalupe and they talking shit on marijuana.
 thats why i gotta smoke a couple of them bitches 
 playing football oustide with my little bro  and my mom is cookingcleaning while smokey robinson is playing. i love it.
 when ur 7 and smoke meth 
 niggas smoke a little weed and buy a gun and forget they pussy
 1.over my dead body 2. tuscan leather 3. legend  4. free smoke
 medad we needa stop smoking dadcheechampchong smoked so much weed where he stopped smoking cigarets i got the beard just need the mindset
 medad we need to stop smoking dadcheechampchong stop smoking cigarettes by smoking more weed  i got the beard amp weed just not the mindset
 i cant believe jakob made me smoke a marlboro red
 they literally smoked a cocaine cigarette peter
 i still have a little salvia with angelica root amp catnip to roll for smokes. wow i am so relieved that jesus got some help to minimize pain.
 so annoyed i wanna go smoke ... also got class at 8 ... hmmm
 you tryna smoke 
 demsliberals are the ones throwing the smoke bombs time for the arrests to start  start hold the criminals accountable  good will prevail
 crazy when u got 6 heads and nobody got money to smoke. guess im facing lol. then you got niggas who think they got it like that 
 i honestly thought someone was running a weed eater beside me. nah  it was a rice rocket honda lolol
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 if my family had their own show it would be a mix of shameless amp weeds  it would be the greatest show ever produced
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 @dailycaller smoke em if you got em loser
 people that smoke breath b smelling like ass 
 im tryna smokeeeee
 she said smoke me out hahaha fuck no 
 happy birthday to the guy who knows 85 of my secrets n basically my whole life cant wait to smoke blunts when im home @nickhoward321
 i used to always get sparked up and now i actually have to pay for my weed
 @fti sales ria trade show palm springs fiberlock booth 122 for 3 day show come see the new recon ultra smoke odor s 
 aint shit todo but smoke and sleep rn 
 advertising company faces lawsuits for monsantos roundup glyphosate weed killer as safe   
 bring me weed ill buy it n smoke u up
 is that a weed
 so depressed dont even wanna smoke
 she say the weed hurt her chest 
 people who smoke cigarettes around me annoy me so much ugh
 he smokes a clip thn his on da way
 dinner with mom @ smokey ds bbq in des moines  ia w @designed4ewe  
 humpnight after party  pvworkout pvamu pvspringfest2k17  pull up   37372 meadowview dr hempstead tx  tonight 
 @simonh91 probably seeing whos going to cost them the most for insurance  smokers and drinkers cost employers more  
 just need to smoke with my mom..and that will be everyone in my immediate family
 life was all good when we was in middle school  buying .5 of weed  and smoking mini swishers.
 living on campus is a constant switch from smelling pizza and marijuana throughout the dorms gomocs
 add me on snap udigg smokedoutdj
 when someone asks do i want to smoke. 
 just wanna have a big smoke session and meet new people at ucf
 where the niggas @ im tryina smoke
 a nigga will smoke his whole sack just to impress some hoes
 fuck  sam left a bunch of vic powder on my rolling tray... didnt know... smoked that shit... uhh.... bruuuuuuuuuuuuuh...
 is it true every time someone claiming 2 represent small marijuana farmers mimics the rhetoric of prohibitionists  
 this boy @guyakimoto  went from analog smokes to digital @frygirl 
 i cannot stress this enough. i hate the smell of weed.
 all we do is smoke and fuck 
 ion smoke during the day no more
 @njtransit 2 things  1 smokers are abounding at the south amboy 534 am wait zone  2  put more cars on all your trains 1  or two makes it.
 i use to be so reliable on weed n shit .. when i use to feel like this i would go numb n black tf out
 now i cant trust my new chick  blunt gutted rolled then i lit  you off the mind  smoke rolls               over my eyelids
 i spend more on backwoods then niggas spend on weed 
 when i say light up shit really mean im trying smoke your weed and then pack you the fuck up 
 baby it go down when you mix hen and marijuana 
 pull up on her fuck her smoke her out then we back to the crib
 holla f the world with my chest full of smoke 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 my man derek came to work baked and told me to smoke some during lunch
 incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 39 i90  state fair i690 
 why you gon smoke a zip if you can flip it 
 ill never understand why cigarette smokers think its their godgiven right to toss butts into the street or sidewalk. find a garbage can.
 i hate the smell of smoke man
 this office is full of rude anti cannabis jerks. @repbrianbabin refused to accept jointsession invite 
 havent  even got to smoke ... im done making things worse
 @shawnklahoya hopefully the investigators get all involved. i am not suggesting obama admin should be immune. lets weed out corruption.
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i swear  i can only eat if i smoke... and i love to eat.... so guess what i get high all mfingggg day. 
 @zarajazmyn @ripcece its a wonderful life but exchange the money for marijuana lol
 when old black ladys ask you to hold there weed while they look for money 
 delta really got me so agg im about to smoke a cig for the first time in weeks
 the least trump can do is legalize marijuana  for all the damn stress this nigga is about to put us through the next 4 years.
 complete garbage when are they going to stop punishing fighters for marijuana. ufc mma 
 @realdonaldtrump a lil bitch mind your business fuck nigga go wig shopping or something  bringing smoke to the us
 sitting in an apartment selling weed all day just dont entice me like it used to
 @carlmuhlstein you know you want that the same as the marijuana industry. distributors are like the mob. time for them to go.
 lmaooooo all because i didnt wanna smoke  
 i just read an article on the dangers of heavy smokers and it scared the hell outta me... so thats it  after today  no more reading 
 @potus @wwp @whitehouse @flotus @vp @secondlady your smoke and mirrors is pissing off  us american citizens cant you just cease to exist 
 @andybutternubs @johnnyastro5 i thought you cant die on weed
 i get more compliments when i smell like weed then when i smell like chanel
 im mad this really making up her own weed names 
 my schools hallways reek of weed. im not complaining
 my favorite boy and his friend smokey the pony. thoroughbred ottb @ middlesex township  butler 
 queen victoria used cannabis to treat her menstrual pain.. why am i typing about it before packing a bowl
 researchers studying usage  safety of cannabis oil for children with epilepsy 
 about to smoke an take ah shower an relax leave me with plans when i get out 
 @vestigldrew i ran out of money for smoke and lasers so i dont even care anymore
 and she dont even smoke just hit it once while she light it 
 @realdonaldtrump dear mr president please make the wall out of hempcrete it will be less than building a wall out of other stuff and lasts
 @ghostadventures the bottle tapping noise in the nd sanatorium elevator shaft is a smoke alarm dieing...
 the burn is complete but smoke may still be in the area for the next couple hours. @ncforestservice  
 @musicnegrito ok  but what about smoked weed and got high
 jus file my income tax n got a free 50 bill. that made up for this week weed expenses
 i could use a few smokes now that ive had my bit of coffee to save me from sleeping in my last classes. also i love abnormal psych
 had great time talking this guys  last night 180 jackie price   smoke on this  bbq team hired noah to help clean up 
 @iijeriichoii it also depends on person.  kevin smith smokes a lot of weed  but directs and does other creative things.  others do nothing.
 if i tell you i wanna be just friends with benefits and smoke some with you ... that shit dont mean i think you a hoe.. im too focused on
 my mood right now.....so good weed and good music @ richmond 
 why is it so hard to find weed in sa
 first look at new marijuana bills in congress  via @massroots
 this weeks farmers special  roasted sweet potato  smoked onions  gorgonzola and balsamic glaze. 
 this kid that i work with talks about weed all the time but doesnt get high...
 ima go smoke dis blizzy
 @ochocinco what kind of cigars do you smoke 
 smokes weed once and already thinks hes a bad mofo.
 @ivankatrump wedding gifts save your jewelry for weeding gifts gift save them  can triple your products in value
 dont smoke 
 playing migos out of the school parking lot and chain smokers on the main road
 if u females gonna smoke u can atleast inhale
 anxietyin5words my weed dealer ran out.
 lighting stog after stog  choke on the smoke they tell me to quit  dont listen what im told  help me forget that this world is so cold.
 if i see one more damn hookah pipe being smoked tonight so god help me lol
 the fuck kinda good is the weed in ur nails gonna do bitch this is dumb af 
 go smoke a j 
 the best way to fund healthcare for everyone is to legalize marijuana on the federal level . tax it put tax into healthcare truth america
 first of all xans make you super slow then you throwing weed in the mix that make you even slower
 ld387 enroll an act to provide for oversight of maines recreational marijuana laws 
 so dead i couldnt even smoke the spliff smh
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   kingofprussia  pa
 did you leave for battery with your weed  in your leather looking like greg kinnear
 im just a failed poet musician .. im a step down to politics .. meanwhile most of my recordings are up .. 1000singles .. smoke a joint d
 wow kid you smoke couldnt tell by your entire snapchat story
 my dad just said weed make ur hair fall out hell say anything
 if i was doing shit i wouldnt smoke
 my dude who are you telling my mom saw the weed leaf on me leg  had to explain that 
 visit me and tip me at tk costa mesa so i can afford to buy weed today ty
 imma grown man  you dont smoke tho  
 fck all that perfect gift shit i aint met nobody to buy me js or weed yet so im still patiently waiting
 when you wanna smoke a fat blunt then you remember you have to take a drug test smh
 im ready to smoke now
 smoke weed everyday 
 i needa go to the atm fuck the weed man gon be there
 i love people who randomly hmu to smoke like yes you my favorite 
 another episode of wrrt. the reefer roundtable hotsted by 2 gorditos and a media whore 
 i wonder if hes disconnected the smoke detectors in the white house.
 nfn @nickiminaj is a smoke show
 who trying to smoke  
 @freeyourmindkid ill take a kid who smokes weed any day over a soninlaw that sits in on a special ops assault where a girl amp a seal die.
 i like my days off because after i do a shit ton of homework i can relax and smoke and watch some netflix
 u dont smoke tho 
 you would be shocked as to how many people are smoking marijuana at this lumineers concert right now
 trying to tell my mom that it is okay to ask the doctor for marijuana while she is doing her chemo.
 after this chinese food weed will be needed
 @marleybigelow @valentinedonna holy smokes kids .. we won 
 @trobaugh22  what ur doing now is better for you than anything people our age can bring to the table.. keep grinding and come smoke soon
 pepperoni with canadian amp smoked  bacon pizza  a1 bubbas @ bubbas 33  mesquite 
 i swear my room be smoked out yo  big ass hot box
 havent smoked a black in like 2wks
 i need to smoke just waiting on a fucking blunt
 cody can you get high from second hand weed us... cody because ive only had first had weed 
 who wants to smoke and go to the movies when im off on me
 really just wanna smoke a blunt and listen to depeche mode
 i wonder if life smokes after it fucks me.
 i wish smoke alarms had some version of an internal clock so they dont choose to tell you theyre running out of batteries at 3 am.
 @gabedayparade come smoke
 might as well smoke weed
 no. not that kind of weed. but still fascinating. 
 finally home from work  time to smoke and watch some mob psycho 100
 wanna lay up smoke and vibe with my lil shorty
 super bowl cook in atlanta. what temperature for smoked falcon patriots falcons superbowl sb51 @espn 
 i woke up to my grandpa yelling at my grandma saying she smokes crack....goodmorning from the snider family
 if weems returns a kick in the superbowl ill quit smoking weed 
 the weed beast 
 when i smoke i smoke the best dope in memphis tn.
 i didnt smoke this morning like i usually do and im so annoyed lol
 @oldlight smoke sometimes and it does help. but its all a process man  you can do it just takes time to get better.
 we now carry cannabismaxximus products stop by and shop  mmj weed weedstagram 
 ion smoke so weed 
 how many snaps that involve weed will @mulattomontana post on her story today
 lol havent smoked in monthsssss
 i want marijuana good pussy and food
 saturdays are for smoking hella weed
 niggas hollin bout we im talking bout me i want smoke personally
 meditation  conversation and a lil marijuana. i know when shit aint right you can act if you wanna.
 nosepeat  smoke profile party malty scotch... islay barrel macfannybaw 
 im bout to smoke tf outta my lungs amp chill ... hopefully i dont pass out 
 ppl will b like ew i dont smoke weed but post mad snapchats of them taking shots as if thats any fuckin different lmfao
 keola wore pajamas to school next time he does that someone tell him to go to the smoke pit since he wanna dress like them
 i cant wait to smoke my first blunt after 9 months lol its going to be amazing 
 3rd period weed to smoke  couple puffs home made pizza in the oven sabres win then bed 
 ufchouston @warkhalil just smoked @werewolfoftx amazing finish
 i have so many pill bottles on my nightstand it usually takes two or three tries to find my weed
 ill probably just smoke some devils lettuce and go to sleep
 beach or get a hotel room and drink amp smoke 
 life is better when u smoke weed all day everyday
 i need some mfn weed
 just wanna smoke and cuddle 
 @shawtyswole lie bout wat. you def dont need a buddy just to smoke. burn solo  sorry 
 is music ever so fucking great to you while you all smoked out that tears well the fuck up hahahaha duudeeee
 i heard someone in new hampshire say they would smoke a 49
 amp further more susan  i wouldnt b the least bit surprised 2 learn that all 4 of them habitually smoked marijuana cigarettes
 not sleepy  cant watch mad men  no alcohol  nobody to talk to  cant smoke  and its too cold to take a walk. 
 outta weed so im just going to listen to pink floyd on repeat
 this man phil driving us out to st. clair shores to go pick up some fucking og  bro be so picky about the weed he smoke
 i cant wait to see my best friend. i need to vent and smoke a blunt 
 i spent the day with ganja and trance  and didnt think of trump 95 of the time. i look forward to bedtime and having bigly dreams.
 why does our room smell like weed
 ahahahah my sister was like do you smoke i couldnt lie so i bluntly told her yep
 @impl0rable i saw a muslim kill a roach......willie nelson smoked it
 fucking dave smoked beans on the new fireplace with the kids
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @rainbow6game stuck in the ever loading smoke screen in a ranked game.. why are the servers being ass...
 some good weed would be good right now   too many things going through my mind 
 i cant fw nobody till i smoke my blunt
 but imma smoke this blunt and forget about you 
 nothing smells as good as the mixture of alcohol  weed  and a bunch of people in a small house.
 who trying to smoke 
 anybody want to smoke
 my heart hearing so fast smoke be worrying the fuck outta me omg
 alex you want weed i have an edible
 @queenie2x lol i mean i would  but ion really want too many people over here  but u more than welcome to come smoke and kick it on dem vibes
 fuck i ran out of weed
 cant even smoke in my own crib no more  what
 never ever smoked a blunt by myself beforeeee.. sadddddd
 the good thing is when i get stopped i can always get away with smelling like i just colored the shit of a kids page and not smoked a bowl
  lemme smoke witcha 
 lmfao the homie in a deep sleep thats crazy. weed got some power
 all i smoke is killa.
 heads up there is smoke in the entryway from my @nest smoke detector is not a good start to my super bowl cooking. superbowl pulledpork
 lets go get breakfast then smoke.
 mr.allans smoked briskets for sb51 houseparty homemade dryrub brisket oakchips 
 i been at my house alone pretty much all weekend smoking unnecessary amounts of marijuana amp making dope music
 where theres smoke...theres a woodburning stove next door.  2516 
 have you tried the new smoked butterscotch latte we have it here at vt starbucks in a frappuccino  too
 ight ima smoke up now
 i said i wasnt gon smoke no more  but today my last day lmao
 mannnnn i just wanna smoke a bowl   but im stranded at my own house  i hate not having a car ...
 dto members who trafficked multiple thousands of kilograms of marijuana from el paso to dumas  texas 
 im just trying to smoke a couple fat jays
 i hate i lost all my weed connections in atlanta... i need to smoke  atl
 ah shit when i win governor im gonna bump this @nas hatemenow all morning long. maybe smoke one for the gods.
 niggas buy a gun.. smoke a lil weed amp forget they still a bitch 
 @hightimesmag pegs tom price not sessions the real legal marijuana enemy    womengrow 
 @mayawiley he has no record bc the mdspd was covering up the amount of crime they had in their schools. he was a thief amp a weed dealer.
 man i wish i wasnt sick so i could smoke this bleezzzyyyy
 we love us some smoked meats and cheeses  crackers  bread and more. bring on the super bowl. 
 if youre gonna debate with me about medical marijuana and its potential to decrease drug abuse  dont ask if you can vaporize your marinol
 where the fucking weed at
 time for some smoke  jeffreywoodworth this man can fin brew    beernews beerporn 
 maybe tombrady just needs a good smoke and a fresca at halftime. superbowl fox4kc 
 operation faded cannabis is a success 
 this is like chewing on a weed indeed.  very herbal  sucks a bit but ... hemp valley beer  photo
 sex would be lit. naps would be lit. smoke sessions would be lit. jus talking bout deep shit would be lit. 
 are you combining jesus and weed
 julio jones gt weeden  taylor  and whatever other bum we took 
 bout to smoke a blunt.. fuck probation
 who wanna smoke
 i dont drink or smoke and it does put me at an advantage over the rest. dont @ me
 thats rolling marijuana
 yall think i would be molly if i aint smoke 
 idk what it is about pumping gas but everytime im doing it i just want to smoke a cigarette
 ion even smoke nomo.
 facebook  google  others launch drive against fake news in france    facebook ampgoogle are fake news  smokescreen
 smoke weed everyday
 @ivankatrump   dr. bonnie goldstein on cannabis for epilepsy
 if i hit you up to smoke do not match me  i repeat do not match me. im trying to stop smoking.
 .@jonerpenbach says people who say medical marijuana is path to recreational are making an excuse thats cold  calculated  stupid.
 today is the last day i smoke like i did this week
 broooo im crying they made a weed leaf out of rillo wrappers  decor hgtv modernart 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 i know my weed 
 time to smoke n marinate
 or you could iono smoke that shit  
 my weed green with them orange hairs
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 701 north montford avenue baltimore  
 @survivingmypast @katimorton guess what today is 2 months smoke free 
 where yo money at we gon smoke a hunnit sacc  shootin up yo blocc switch cars then we double bacc...
 too pretty to be smoking weed quoted live on air  httpst.codksngctdep 
 i deadass havent smoked in 2 years
 mfs act like they gotta smoke everyday
 my grandpa left me a voicemail  angelise trishon jones it smells like reefer in here amp im not tolerating it  
 happy smoker and the i love weed smoker 
 quick get bragg some medical marijuana sunflowershowdown
 havent smoked in 23 days and i low key feel great
 visiting my first medical marijuana dispensary. for work. 
 @canncreativ fuck with the culture wants i say. the people want weed dammit no more lines and fuck walking
 im such a chain smoker with blunts. if i know theres more than one i need to smoke them back to back to back lol
 wish they made an app for stoners so that i could meet a girl my age in santa clarita that smokes to hang w while bren works 
 i realllllllly fail to understand how they have people in prison for 20 yrs for some damn weed but have rapists walking around free
 thats why i smoke on my dates . 
 evidently will take much weed to smash my ego for the night.
 your a cigarette im a smoker
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 im about to smoke reclaim and only feel a little bad about it
 tolerance is so low still smoke a while gar...
 lighting stog after stog choking on smoke they tell me to quit dont listen to what im told  they help me forget that this world is so cold
 an old friend would say never trust men without vices. as he smoked fifty dollar cigars and 
 . @realdonaldtrump dont be shocked when jeffsessions as ag turns on marijuana users  violates peoples liberty over a plant god gave us.
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   coshocton  oh
 she said she doesnt smoke fuvk its always something
 just trying to smoke and chill with @sethrogen  dont ignore me
 @jaclynhill watching johns insta story and im like dont hate on warm brown smokey eye that tutorial is why i bought mac red brickrule 
 @klevy817 well now u have to come to arlington when i get out of school n smoke w me
 and how bout smoking marijuana  
 i just got asked if i wanna smoke some pot. highlight of my day 
 lmaoo hell nawl yo weed man skimped yo ass  
 swear i smoke everywhere i go  @ central park 
 niggas tryna save they weed smoking lil ass blunts 
 the dorms admin keeps reminsing us we cant smoke in the building and everytime im like jesus we know but like
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1807 lauretta avenue baltimore  t 
 like a collage of weed 
 im literally buying weed right now on craigslist with paypal  ill let you guys know how it turns out.
 we b getting good when we have our smoke sessions..
 the 3rd floor of my apartment always smells like either skunk weed or bubble tape.
 bruh js that better not be actual bud in her nails. what a waste of weed  
 dark chocolate brownies with habanero smoked seasalt.
 pretty sure my uber driver made a visit to her plug before picking me up bc it smells like straight weed in here efficiency
 it would be so cool if i could hang w a dude.. feel me like hang out  smoke  fuck on occasion amp play the game
 i catch his ass  thats his ass smoke his ass just like some ganja dumb fuck should of ran but his ass wanna run up
 a couple that smokes together  conquers together @rodmsmith
 who started the stupid statement lets go to the weeds or similar words. makes no sense and you need to stop it.
 these weedmen gotta do better
 drinking a smoke smoked porter by @ofallonbrewery @ ofallon brewery  
 the first time i smoked a cigarette was with my mom in like 8th grade i coughed so much and she was like pero ah andas cabrona
 @samwebb77 holy smokes
 that weed that makes your fingers sticky and you fuck up the rello when you trying to roll gtgtgt
 raiders are out today this morning i got put in handcuffs because my car smelled like fresh weed  be safe out here
 a san diego incubator is stoking businesses aimed at the marijuana market erik anderson 
 audience co housing prices up 17 since low in 2008  but only 5 in ut. maybe its time for medical marijuana utpol utdist18 townhall
 he really just bought 100 worth of weed 
 @loudweeddaily a beautiful field of dreams cannabiswellness
 when you wanna smoke really means you wanna fuck 
 border officers find nearly 2 tons of weed camouflaged as limes  
 niggas who smoke nun but joints thing they shit dnt stink n they too good
 squaw spreading bull goes nuts on senate floor.  have much loco weed. war bonnet on too tight.
 @yojudenz we have aircraft that will smoke their fucking muslim asses  i think u r delusional u see  n america were a mean assed bunch.
 anyone got weed
 @onrgallery @gotransit i think the smoke goes up and back so they should be ok...but good question
 ask any ol barstool in this town ask my new found party crowd sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now 
 i know i smoked too early when ive been parked for 10 minutes and my foot is still pressing on the brake hard as fuck
 dont give me no bammer weed
 act tough lil bitch treat yo ass like the dope get smoked lil bitch 
 who know how to make a hookah  come smoke wit me in my backyard.   i got henny  patron  hookah amp snacks
 we got roaches we might as well smoke em 
 @morganmetzzz weeding
 i hate a bitch who literally waste weed. bitch inhale for .2 seconds then blow the shit out.
 how do you do weed
 valentines day suggestions for weed lovers  via @seattleweekly valentinesday weed cannabis strains sativa thc
 the rangers announce that lockhart smokehouse will be part of the texas live development in arlington. 
 should probably stop answering with cigarettes every time my coworkers ask me if i smoke lol
 @cleitisgone some good weed for someone
 bitches be looking smoked the fuck out lol tf my mama damn near 40 and look younger than a lot of bitches
 im coo with my girl smoking weed amp blacks but ion do that pill popping shit  yall got that 
 do i wanna eat or do i wanna smoke idunno 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 3625 falls road baltimore  abando 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5921 chinquapin parkway baltimore  
 just weed 
 hes missing weed tho lol 
 positive weed news... 
 @iloveraygun dont even know where to start referencing data on revenue amp where its used  distribution of marijuana tax revenue briefing.
 this fool knows my window is open and still smokes knowing it comes in my room. 
 @heatdeath weed is better
 ever since my chefbretthaack got his smoker his been killing it   hes one heck of a chef and 
 damn  @realbobbyroode. thats more smoke than @matthardybrands volcano. lol. wwenxt
 @travelchannel   i should be your traveling weedologist. standing by...
 i really wanna smoke bc i been going through some shit but i dont wanna get munchies i cant control myself
 i can honestly say i dont have the slightest clue as to why people smoke whether it be marijuana or cigarettes
 @maddow voted on.they added 100 000 license fee  and other garbage to discourage marijuana available in nd for medical reasons ck it out 21
 fuck smoke get money amp chill 
 when u tell a dude u on ur period so u cant fuck but yall can chill n smoke n he stop replying... blockeddddd u can go somewhere else boyy
 damnnnn dude had hella weed disguised as limes
 smoking my weed amp thinking of ways to kill em
 @therobdyke have you read smoke gets in your eyes and other lessons from the crematory by @thegooddeath  if not  do  youll enjoy it.
 that bobby roode promo wasnt very good  but the smoke from nxt arrival made a return which is great wwenxt
 tell her pull her weed and tits out
 im eating a weed brownie with ice cream
 do you smoke custom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 i wanna smoke
 thought this was weed edible cookie dough  not actual cookie dough 
 if you can switch yo flow up and not rap about drugs money weed u got talent not alot rappers can do that now  
 bout to smoke this mini j
 is coo watching you and your homies grow up.  when yall start prioritizing and not available 247 to go smoke or kick it
 srs wheres the weed
 bouta ride my bike to the weed mans crib
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 39 i90  state fair i690
 pisses me off that weed is legal in mass and im still getting fined up in nh
 if you think millenials are mad at @justintrudeau over ditching electoral reform  wait til he bails on legal marijuana.
 at we got weed in there
 dont smoke w too many 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 ever smoke a blunt in the shower..
 i get the bus driver that gets off to smoke everytime im on the bus no matter what time of day
 niggas smoke a little weed buys a gun and boom they savages now 
 i need to smoke
 got through round 1 of working out and holy shit i smoke too much 
 to be lesser than creative... i see weed lol 
 @johnfugelsang this is a smokescreen... we should really be focused on important matter like dapl  sanctuary cities  etc.
 my weed is loud and youre smoking libraries
 smoke weed  its whatever. but do not come out in public smelling like it to the point where everyone wants to puke
 bitch yo pockets a joke amp my block give you smoke
 high as hell  bitch i smoke on a cliff
 good smoke good drank and a good vibe and im chillin
 i honestly just wanna smoke all the time
 going outside to smoke is my biggest regret right now i was outside for 5seconds and i got frost bite
 @potus @seanspicer as a former marijuana user i keep stressing how this is the time to legalize it  taking it away from gangs  and taxed
 u believe the sincerity of chaffetz this is smoke he has decided to use a little vasoline the repubs m.o 
 so i guess ill smoke
 @jayluisf @mikeshawera i care bout what my nigga smokes
 aine used to smoke but so my shit i was going thru with my fam and self it was the only thing that can calm me down
 see our latest batesville  ms job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 i swear half the kids in high school wouldnt smoke weed if they couldnt post on vsco or the snap.
 i will never smoke
 what you smoke 
 appreciate all the love @bestfoodsdg   racks on racks of slow smoked cali bbq. whos hungry  calicomfortbbq 
 she a good girl  maybe theres to much smoke in the room and she dont want that mary jane in her vidal sassoon
 any pharmaceuticals u needed bitch i had from weed to that eaze u want that hard lets get it crackin
 she pop a xan and she smoke up
 i dont even have time to smoke anymore. what a tragedy.
 he was gonna end up there one way or another   sir.  get a drink  open the window and sneak a smoke. itll be fun. 
 oh  yeah. that soup  smoked gouda on toast  snow day heaven. 
 is it legal to openly smoke the reefer in arizona now
 @berenicebabe i think its so funny. and the dad on it smokes ampa heads funny and idk i like it i laugh lmaooo
 @bregolidanielle cah me upside with a bull full of weed.
 i always smell weed everytime i walk into the parking lot at work  i just wanna know where ya at 
 my lord  this lady smells like she just came from a greenhouse for the strongest cannabis in the world stank contact
 @520regulars @spearheadtc @jdredlegs @regular5actual they stopped reading after our second ubl of smoke pots cutoff mobilebsa
 @10000youtubes hey zach can you send me your email wanted to request a correction to the article you covered the cannabis data  thanks
 i was going to get my bf weed for valentines day but he stopped smoking
 i should be prescribed weed not aderall smh
 ugh let me just smoke this l and forget she pissed me off bc then im gonna kill her mid rotation
 lil pump and smokepurpp are the future
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 869 w lombard st  send message. 
 anyone wanna smoke 
 i lost the weed  i gotta think like weed  if i was weed where would i be  then the nigga came back 30 seconds later and found it
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in culver city  ca 
 @courtneebianca rt @fumandoescritos why do you smoke so much weed 
 join me tomorrow at @miuracigars after 2pm  lets enjoy some smokes and talk about our passion
 this is a huge deal.  its the reason for all of the smokescreen hes been spewing. 
 if weed was legal in ms  i would turn into a pothead.
 yak burger with sweet amp smokey bacon amp chipotle aioli and cookie dough shakebest 34 i ever spent. omg  
 pokemon stuff back in the store  smoke shop open until 1100pm for all your smoking needs 
 cant even have personal weed without someone tryna buy it lmao
 stage full of random people we love you  smokeyl  smokey ok.
 ion een drink and ion een smoke cigarettes but when i say im 38 that would be a understatement
 cases of corona and mild marijuana
 how many alcohols have u smoked today
 just smoked some pressure lol
 being able to buy weed with your debit card is tight 
 can we just smoke some weed and watch hood movies together 
 aye sorry whoever bummed a smoke off me tonight and accidentally got the one spliff i was keepin in my box
 only my mom would wake me up with smoke detectors going off because she used a fog machine to try and scare me 
 i smoke to surviveeee 
 guy on tv was rollin some weed up. my bro amp i were like he rollin up a i said blunt he said joint lmao everyones diff
 blac youngsta said hell shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin why isnt he in the conversation for the greatest of all time
 @aliamjadrizvi if you are a libertarian to me  that is simply a republican willing to extend poverty wages to gays and pot smokers.
 @potus dont you think our country have enough with alcohol and marijuana we dont need more bull laws looking like a business tell us
 baby it go down when you mix hen amp marijuana 
 @whitehouse trump created the myth of the american hell scape. no hes creating the myth hell do anything about it. smoke amp mirrors.
 shes sneaky amp smoked out
 chocolate almond milk for everybody unless nut allergic  then u can have hemp milk or coconutrice milk 
 yall live for bitches and blunts we live for weed and money
 new york smoked so many cigarettes in this show 
 tj real as hell for calling me to come smoke. 
 i get too high to take shit serious might ask that bitch if she smoke 
 your girl dont smoke weed but she blow dick 
 i just want a stoner friend so we smoke in the morning and go eat  shit even at midnight
 86 degrees  pork butt one the mini smoker brad made  and his 
 my office tonight for a weeding gig with @wildoutent @ the vault 
 seen this kid come from nada scrapping shake to smoke up now he got 1000 on his neck and another thouwow on his fi 
 drinking a smoked chocolate cherry stout by @lionbridgebrew at @lionbridgebrew  
 im tryna drink henny  smoke some hookah  and palm some fire latina ass tonight...
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 cant smell a damn thing...except cigarette smoke.  that i can smell...
 puffs the weed  grabs the remote and starts performing in my room
 a part of me wants to get up amp get dolled up for the fun of it while the other half just wants to smoke amp remain bummy
 ma youve witnessed your mcm cry tears over losing weed
 @billmaher at your show... can we please smoke a j togerher tonight... on me... life long fan  and not a fucking dumb american.
 im at bubbas smokehouse in chula vista  ca 
 my grandma smoked my dank stash
 if you smoke a dart  you have to put cream on your hands and brush your teeth  @abieuuz
 dad says i smell like weed
 i turned on the ac in the rental car full blast and it smells like straight weed 
 the only reason i dont like smoking weed is cause weed mans
 times like this i need me a lil baby to lay up amp smoke with
 today was amazing at the live burn we got to see a flashover and put out fires in a smokehouse 
 found a lil bag of weed by my feet as i was on my cig break at work. god is real.
 proud aunty double the fun when one of the wonder weedmans is playing her molly 
 backwoods get peeled  i smoke away all the tears. nothing was the same  including yall careers
 cash us outside smoke how bow dah 
 ion want no smoke with ya.
 yeah im not a social smoker.. im a ready to go to bed smoker ..
 because of my neighbors  my room smells like straight reefer. cool.
 and smoke some weed 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 22452259 mchenry street baltimore 
 can someone please smoke me out  i can barely breathe right now
 the only down side to smoking weed is you wake up smelling musty
 my moms told me to smoke a blunt im dead
 all spanish girls smoke hookah 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 need my weed man to start accepting paypal for payment
 so you can get drunk  smoke  fuck  and twerk and its ok bc u repent..but you cant accept your gay child bc of ur 
 hows israel relative to the rest of the region doing regarding the worldwide war on marijuana and queer rights... 
 update incident on i90nysthruway wb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 40 i90 ...httpst.copmsb8rwlgj
 aye im finna smoke1 on break 
 moms think she slick stealing a blunt out my pursegirl ima always recognize when my my weed or my money missing
 and the bucks are still paying him to smoke weed and not play for them.
 i need to smoke 
 @hellcopters @sethrogen im not gonna lie idc what anybody thinks.. i just wanna see another pineapple express damn i wish navy let us smoke
 aint smoke in 6 years but my rolling skills still elite lmao 
 who wants to come chill  smoke  netflix  xbox  anything my birthday is on valentines day and i wanna do something 
 theres a bluebird in my heart that wants to get out but i pour whiskey on him and inhale cigarette smoke
 i might miss ya.. but watch me smoke this blunt ampi forget cha
 omnomonnom totally worth the food ribs chicken  @ the smokery kitchen amp bar 
 stigmabase | am   for hispanic and latino smokers  quitting is about family and culture  for hispanic and latino 
 here to buy those great hippie inscents. yeah those. @ herbs house  recreational marijuana store in ballard  wa 
 ion match no dope i pullup n smoke 
 bros wanna talk about woods r better than swishers and owls when the last time i checked its the weed that matters most.
 drink hella water smoke alotta weed
 im just trying to sip some brew smoke some blunts @funsize1449 lets get
 iive smoked freebase n the only comparable feelin is sliding into some warm pussy for the first time after a decade and a half of jerkin off
 i dont even smoke weed like that but fuck it...im about to roll up
 time to smoke this 
 who wanna smoke w me all day tuesday
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 fuck i need this weed in me lol
 when she say you only care about your friends  money  and weed. 
 my cousin dog was one of the first dogs ive ever seen take bud from another person and drop it next to her feet becus he was ready to smoke
 1 weed nap later
 to smoke a blunt or to not smoke a blunt
 after i smoke this blunt i wont even rember ya
 whatever they be rolling they weed in on shameless is good asf. that hoe light in 2 seconds
 she jus wanna smoke nd fuck i said girl thats all we do
 i was never a fan of brussel sprouts growing up  and then the smoke shop appeared in my life and 
 gonna smoke my bong and watch elf bye
 if some random dude asks if you wanna smoke pot outside before the show do you do it
 you diss on my name you get smoked on the same day
 i had a dream i was forced to be friends with kendall jenner so i made her smoke a blunt and we were cool after that
 watch ish wainwright declare for the nfl draft and help baylor basketball smoke ut football two years in a row. 
 i literally have a pencil case with all my weed supplies 
 ive had my naked smokey palette since it came out and ive only used it once 
 you drink all the time  why not smoke some weed with us its the same shit. yeah good point  you guys wanna do meth same concept.
  chill nephew i dont want no smoke 
 hemp pollinates weed  they dont make for nice neighbors. wind patterns and more need to be 
 the oldest son the one that got caught with weed   totally a bernie bro
 when you smoke together through facetime 
 @travisinnola @thejm ok subject matter looked over  beats for old times  ganja bagpipes  and my mom are actually the shit tho.
 just wanna smoke  having a terrible day
 u the shit your tongue smoker 
 @notoriouswojo haha still not as good as the guy saying he smoked crack with hookers and even that wasnt as dumb as a guys trade scenario
 so tired of seeing depressing shit. be happy  smoke a blunt  do something
 i know i smell like weed everywhere i go
 im the one you need by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 nah i dont smoke or drink  
 gon smoke this dro till i cant feel my face.
 kathleen lights does a gray smokey eye using naked 2  enjoy 
 whatchu got against weed bruuuuuh
 where there is smoke there is fire  sally yates persisted.  
 i need someone to smoke w me after work taking apps now
 niggas buy a gun and smoke a lil weed and forget they a bitch
 okay but that gushers gifts is the best ive seen yet the only one topping is money or weed
 @dessknee but how many of them in college and smoke crack like me
 driving down the road at 1am.. my mom goes it smells like marijuana hmmm
 bitch i like to smoke a lot of weed
 @dudeclayy mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @houstangeless mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @thetaryn mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @jdawgcorleone mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @realreeklo mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @lovelisss mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 all i have is some knockout weed so i cant even smoke before work or ill be a blob i need some fucking sativa 
 construction on i90nysthruway wb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to before exit 40 i90 ...httpst.cohavvbdizev
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  copy  
 update construction on ny135 both directions from exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike to exit 7  hempstead...httpst.coo47hgoadoi
 why does my voice sound like i smoke 8 packs a day 
 just wanna smoke  eat  amp lay up watching movies
 girls who smoke isnt cute                      i dont smoke weed to be cute dumbass  i smoke to be high 
 about to eat this whole heart shaped pizza then smoke a blunt to my face  happy valentines day to me
 idk why these hoes think they smoke for free bitch i got bills to pay fym
 when you single for valentines day but the weed come through 
 i dont have a valentine  but i have a bunch of ppl who wanna smoke me out 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 414 s wolfe st 
 do you guys know where i can get medical marijuana in pa im asking for a friend. my 60something yro honors sociology professor
 accident cleared in harris on 610 w lp nb after hempstead  stop and go traffic back to richmond  delay of 14 mins traffic
 trynna smoke blunt after blunt
 trynna buy some gold and smoke today
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 604 laurens street baltimore  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 556 south bentalou street baltimore  send mes 
 our weeding 
 been smoking more weed since i havent been drinking.  noonecaresrik
 bout to smoke this fat ass blunt after work
 opening comments by gov @hickenloopernow on the co experience at sen @ilikemike sovereign hearing on cannabis. 
 happy valentines day i love weed and myself lol
 @shelbychong peace love amp weed haha 
 lmao my uber smells like weed
 @wetswimmingpool just dont be rollin up my weed
 measure that would allow epileptic people to be treated with oil derived from cannabis plants clears indiana senate 
 my dad used my car and found a lighter and was lecturing me not to smoke cigarettes as if i smoke cigarettes smh
 its a smoke and cruise type of night. i need song suggestions twitter
 teacher bought me a donut. friend bought me pizza. bestf bought me weed. im special. say no more.
 if smoking weed offends you  1. im sorry. 2. it wont happen again. 3. 1 amp 2 are lies.  4. youre a pussy. 
 when you send it to someone you dont fw because you only smoke papers 
 someone smoke with me
 i chase my weed with weed
 thank god for my smoke detector i almost burnt this place down lol
 i had so many people at work asking what am i doing tonight ... same shit i do every day .. smoke 
 bro i cant smoke with no nigga who drag the blunt
 go smoke some more  wampon squaw 
 wow fack you. i dont have weed  wine  or wiener. not a single w over here.  
 @urbanguerillawa to be fair...  therell still be plenty of weed. just no tax revenue.
 dat cannabis infused food hit me like a truck last night. i got dumb sleepy in 28 minutes
 it smells like straight up weed in here
 how do people smoke cigs and drink coffee all day and not be thirsty
 i think my mom knows i smoke
 i wouldnt even smoke that shit 
 i think im allergic to weed
 @dhsgov whitesupremacistrepublicans working with russianspolitical coup trump mayhem smoke screen  trump impeached russian kkk stooges in
 my car still smells like weed wow lmao
 watching the @realdonaldtrump amp prime minister conference amp im high so its comedy to me thankyou  marijuanapolitics fakenews yourfired
 idk what kinda weed this is but lord
 @steinle914  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 @3400migogang  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 my car smells like weed  febreze @febrezefresh
 ima get jballer to smoke w me one day. 
 the 1 time our landlord comes... our window screens are broken  a car is packed on the grass  the weed is out  the cat litter is out.. etc.
 wait aint this the girl that was like we got that drank  we got that blunt we gone smoke  
 i dont smoke and im not here for it 
 i stay loaded of weed amp lean. i dont do pills.
 repeat lchs 7 hempfield 0  5 to go till half
 seriously debating about just selling weed for a living again
 my car smells like ziti right so im thinking its the weed i smoked last night was od  come to find out theres ziti spilled on my carpets
 weeks in office president bernie wouldve legalized weed   made progress on police brutality aaaand gave women more rights on birth control
 five dresses. three sets of heels. pool wear. a ridic amount of sparkle. makeup for a killer smokey eye amp red lips. i think im vegas ready
 i aint even go hold you i dont even have the patience to sit there and smoke for an hour... 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 my parents are fucking crazy they just said you trynna smoke before we go into ross what yall need to chill
 @linnyitssn ivanka is dying on justine trampjareds    has bn blowing smokey flames if ivanka fnd th justines wife is blkbelt she wd shit
 just posted a photo @ two brothers smoked meats 
 imagine lying about smoking weed like who on here are u trying to impress so badly
 i seen niggas get money and smoke it up and get mad at me cause i was smoking with em but able to afford it 
 sb0979 new as introduced  clarifies that industrial hemps constituent chemical compounds  cannabinoids  and te... 
 tfw u just got home from watching the ring n ur sitting in ur garage havin a smoke and the lights go out randomly 
 lotta lotta dope smoke going on
 why the fuck people doing so many extra things with their blunts. like roll a pearl and smoke it. and why u pissin 
 i dont normally smoke inside but sometimes i just really like laying in bed and lighting one up
 smoke weed to cope  so you see the pope im on this all day i love it big @kendricklemmy happy thursday to al 
 bitch lets smoke our lungs outttttt  
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and rub on ya booty
 crying forget the days we wasted in bed  tangled  the smoke still on your breath  undressed and pinning you up to to the wall
 using hempwick is a fire hazard that im slowly but surely getting on board with.
 it is 2017 why in the world is marijuana still illegal here why
 we snuck some quick weeding in between science and reading. 
 niggas are deadass petty all the dutches i smoke niggas on and they take little bits or weed like a nigga dont got a scale or something
 damn. crazy workout today. conditioning  then some hiit. body is smoked right now. freeletics motivation 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1006 w lafayette ave baltimore  
 see our latest huntsville  al job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 when a spanish woman finds out you smoked hookah without her 
 @sethrogen what kind of weed is that
 people really dont believe i dont smoke 
 lowkey bouta stop smoking weed
 does anyone remember bubblegum cigarettes with the powder the looked like smoke when you blew 
 im at zambia smokehouse  @mybuschgardens in tampa  fl 
 @olivianuzzi this fucking chic wreaks of cigarette smoke. disgusting person. trumpisking
 fasa for xxl 2017@thefader @xxl soundcloud listen to free smoke volume 1 by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 when i smoke i always put things out on the back of my phone  theres marks all on my phone case
 when ppl come to your morning class smelling like weed...
 also watching kid canabis has inspired me
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter garden  fl 
 lol original looks just about smoked @ ebay shopping 
 this guy approached me tryna slang weed then when i said no he asked for 10 i was like nigga u asking for money but u have a jar of weed
 theyre talking about weed rn and im like ok i shouldve stayed home
 myperfectbreakfastneeds a halfounce of weed
 i paid for parking then found out my class was cancelled i shoulda jus parked up n smoked a joint on campus smfh
 new song out now feat. soudiere @youngpirelli   dj smokey x soudiere  friends  listen now link 
 just got done with a 5 page essay on cannabis
 @mjasandoval my selfish concern is exclusively whether i have to spend this summer covering firesunable to hike becuz of smoke
 no shame here ..... some folks splurge on clothes n other shit ill splurge on my trees and smoke good 
 i dont smoke anymore but i damn sure drink
 the carsons bathroom smells like hella weed lmao
 i like my weed by the o i like my women unclothed
 i fucking ran out of weed ugh
 roasted baby carrots  smoked sunchoke pure  crispy parsnips  pickles chippolini onions and toasted caraway 
 im ready to go home  smoke a fat blunt amp watch movies illbeasleepby9
 all i do is work and smoke weed
 she drink like she lahey  but im ricky when i smoke a sack 
 repost with repostlyapp attention all hookah smokers  distributors and  retailers please be 
 youre really gonna sit there  smoke a cigarette at a playground with a baby in your arms thats cute
 12 year pappyvanwinkle bourboncountry @ doc crows southern smokehouse and raw bar 
 i dont wanna smoke w ya  i dont wanna see ya. stop texting me.
 follow the smoke........ 
 i wanna go for a smoke and get mcd fries with sum1 
 yah i had a drink yah i smoked
 man errything smell like weed up on me
 haters mad for whatever reason smoke in the air  binge drinking they lose it when the dj drops the needle
 i hate when my mom smokes amp watches tv  she gets suuuuuper deep about shit for no reason. lol
 i wish i had friends to smoke with.. 
 i wish i can smoke
 @realdonaldtrump  very effective because we can not go forward without weeding out from within
 craig amp smokey friday
 i smoke and feel everything
 like non smokers should get the right to do that to peoplemaking laws that make life more difficult i dont like smoking around them anyway
 at the stu lately dont really wanna smoke just drink.
 teaching at a cme today at princeton its my third time educating folks at this institution about medical cannabis 
 frank is really smoking weed  drinking alcohol amp streaking with his doctor 
 if you think smoking weed is more harmful to you then alcohol or cigarettes or ect.. please kys
 can one of you angels smoke me out today so i can have company while these body pains hopefully go away
 its been a month since ive smoked weed and i really miss it as a hangover aid
 someone swoop ill smoke with you
 ion want talk to you  chill with you  smoke with you  link with you... none of that 
 lollll how you gonna ask if i have ganja  i blaze you out.. then you cant breath. say you quit you asked and cant hang  
 i wanna smoke with @sethrogen and write a movie.
 let us smoke so we dont fuck yall up cause yall be doin dumb ass shit 
 walks by smoker  coughs on purpose
 what do you do when your lil sister washes your pants with your weed in it and it gets wet
 ok my mom needs to hurry bc im ready to smoke
 stop hitting me up with your weed deals. i do not care
 this nigga only smoke when girls are around  i see u okay
 when you left in the house with you and weed cause you bf leaves u to go ball 
 @kyrieirving im not saying youre stupid w your flat earth stance  but please pass me the phone number to your weed guy. wantthatlevel
 so people killed cause they hated weed  
 i will never understand why people smoke before they workout.
 because nothing says yeah im going to join this gym. like bloody harp girl and marijuana fashionista    who 
 bbq brisket and hot sausages at nola smokehouse. with slaw and mac choux mampc 
 b4 i went to the airport i smokedampi put a bowl in my purse so i can smoke on the way.. bitch i forgot that was in thereamphad 2throw it away
 we smoke  we lay up  we rap  we talked about a vision
 if you didnt snapchat your blunt did you even smoke it guilty of this
 i dont understand why i belittled by older folks because i smoke weed.it helps me sleep helps my depression helps my anxiety need i go on
 alcohol is awesome but i agree about weed. @robynlynee @norinyc
 hops are a wicked and pernicious weed... avl craftbeer  drinking a freak of nature at @wickedweedbeer   photo
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 2300 block of se 124th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000014768 2028 pdx911
 im really a lightweight when it comes to drinking but i can smoke and not tap out
 when you tryna smoke but you mad lazy   lmao
 i only smoke garcia vegas  blunts
 i dont smoke unless im drinking. yeah but you drink all the time.
 all i wanna do is make that money and smoke dope shit
 free smoke  free smoke.
 if anyone ever invented cannabis coffee ice cream  id die.
 smoking weed is almost like a cigarette to me now.
 construction on meadowbrookstateparkway both directions from exit m4  ny 24 west hempstead turnpike to exit...httpst.cowsnlynddpn
 @mauvewriter i think it is the real effort 2 listen to people who would like the smoke and mirror in dc to disappear amp truth be told finally
 south hempstead ny sun feb 19th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 i smoke so many great flavors a week youda thought we lived in cali 
 goodjob smoke  but so to @jamalwalton43 though  coming back up  
 whats up around kalona today looks like fog and smells like smoke.
 i need one of those voice box projector things. any smokers got an extra
 hemp hemp hemp  newmeme  @momalive 
 i just wanna smoke amp vent 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 133 east ostend street baltimore  
 chicks can not hold they smoke thats what it is 
 see our latest coloradosprings  co job and click to apply milsatcom hemp system engineer   engineering hiring
 @hollytwolf holy smoke
 i already told u im not gunna do anything else but smoke weed
 @lefloof i havent had that much weed lately. just lots and lots of wine.
 now i smoked it and a very asleep hunter is next to me 
 i sound like a 70 year old chain smoker
 all i do is smoke weed im covered up in double g
 the facts are not fake news the facts are facts distraction with smoke amp mirror techniques cant hide the truth 
 from last nights comedy smoke sesh shows festivities aye carumba cash me in space  how bow dahh edibles 
 great lunch date with nastassiasmith813 ....   heres what we indulged in... smoked duck 
 beautiful sunday and a wonderful smoke.....joyadenicaragua estel sunday cuatrocinco cigar 
 i will remember that when you need to pass a weed test 
 all we do in my hood is smoke eat amp spend money
 my nigga i lost some weed and i just have no clue where and when it happened within the last 15 min.
 i need some weed
 @j4zzyf1zzle u dont even smoke  jk jk
 my car smells that straight weed smh smh smh smh
 i love smoking weed....
 not the weed but the actual cookies  
 shes got some wild in her smoke.
 anyone else notice the trailer from smokey and the bandit in tonights twd thewalkingdead talkingdead @thewalkingdead @talkingdead
 why is everyone so surprised when i reveal to them ive never smoked weed
 in conclusion  all dads smoke weed
 all you fuckers wanna do is smoke  smoke and smoke.
 whenever im tryna smoke nobody answers the phone but when im not everybody wanna text me gas in gas in gas in 
 bouta smoke this blunt and go to bed. got a big test in the morning
 work hard  play hard  love hard.  thanks for the recommendation cannabis.creature  this 
 me the day after i said i wasnt going to smoke anymore 
 dam who gotta xbox one 2k smoke freeeeeeeeeee 
 i dont smokers
 whole hall smell like weed 
 i been smelling weed all day today and it makes me sad cause i smoked all my weed last night
 @fox29philly these twoare just acting like they love each other  smokeyy amppryia. 16 years strong. 
 sweden fakenews spiritual @wpsg unite weed out hate gear avail at 
 @jamesinflight dont blow smoke up my ass
 my first time playing 2k in like two and a half years. smoked this man.  
 nearly smoked up my friend cus i was thought there was opps about.
 @lizakaemily lol thats what i smoked when i smoked. menthol.
 lmao my barbershop smell like hella weed
 i sound like ive smoked two packs a day for 40 years. im so over being sick
 hello  im still doing hadoop.   thousand yard stare  takes a drag on a smoke  ive seen some serious shit
 @masscann weeding out the stoned  the game show of sobriety tests   225 at hotel vernon in worcester  ma  
 weed out politicians obstructing marijuana  meet 98 yr old finding relief httpst.cor6b5qlidz5 @weedfeed 
 got this one in arizona  smokes that california  i told her baby stay in school need them degrees and diplomas
 imma smoke this other blunt too fuck youu
 is this the day i never thought i would see the liberals about the protest marijuana is legalization marijuanaprotest marijuanaslegal
 @mariahpee @mellonns last time i smoked was with mello
 large like the great lakes.... wit smoke spots in 8 states...
 @breadboycobyy coughing smoker  
 this helps to understand why i walk through a spiderweb every morning. holy smokes. 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 great  another psycho bigot to blow smoke up trumps ass. this is one big racist orgy we are witnessing. 
 when he can respond to his friends about weed  but not to your texts 
 hey  wanna drink beer and sit by the smoker  of course i do. 
 selling weed in highschool is just like the wire.
 finish work early time to go home smoke and stuff my brain with more chemistry 
 my leek soup topped with chicken meatballs and smoked paprika. 
 i did henna on myself and it kinda smells like weed and i keep forgetting its there and messing it up 
 i just wanna socialize and smoke but i guess thats too hard 
 february 28th cant come fast enough  im tired of not being able to smoke 
 almost 2 million people put in jail for possession of an illegal substance. 13 is for marijuana.. genius
 texas needs to legalize marijuana  back ampknee pain isnt being helped with their medication
 colorado is getting drivethru dispensaries while marijuana is still illegal in most parts of the country  
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke
 i went to go smoke and forgot the bud 
 @realdonaldtrump pt you want the young vote make pot legal through out the nation and you make it that you must be 18 to smoke pot
 @katkozlik its illegal to smoke cigs in the city im not 21 idk what u think ur trying to get me into
 someone smoke w tues.
 somebody smoke 1 with me.
 ill smoke yo broke ass nigga bitch
 baby girl just wanna smoke a pound do an ounce  get some dick tell her friends about it
 2 thousand gs of weed with no blunts 
 i think im gonna smoke this blunt
 i look like the guy that pays 60 for a g of cannabis
 bad ass bikers these nola women ride motorcycles in heels with a billowing plume of pink smoke at their back.  
 and if i go down in flames  the smoke gonna spell my name  @louisthechild  fire airandstyle 
 am i the only one that feels like the doctor thinks im lying when i tell them i dont smoke bc i feel like theyre low key judging me
 you can slowly weed the strong from the weak and eventually all the weak run together and try and break your greatness
 @raycasillas13 smoke me then bitch
 what you see after the smoked meats show on february 24th  at bubes brewery. connected alien 
 @haddalphin weed
 i know weed dispensaries arent going to be a thing in dc as long as trumps around but stillllllllllllllll
 i wanted to sit somewhere nice and smoke a blunt w someone but im prolly just gonna go by myself n thats ok
 i just want to smoke  watch netflix and maybe take a nap. is that too much to ask
  fake pothead lol only smoke when they friends got weed 
 after my wedding my husband amp i are gonna duck off to go smoke a blunt before the reception lmao its a must
 idc if im sick im ab to stand on the porch in my boxers amp smoke dis blunt doyafeelme
 he dont smoke 
 thats food  weed  snacks  a month of netflix  condoms  candles  gas money   backwoods  and liquor. with a 50 ball 
 i honestly feel as if marijuana shouldnt be used to discredit anyone anymore
 the teacher that was not only cool as fck but you also knew she smoked reefer on the low   
 mahler symphony 9 jurjen hempel conducts netherlands student orchestra 
 if dreams come true ill be married to kal penn by the time im 35.  smoke weed when you feel like it moderation is a breath of fresh air
 i need a phat smoke sesh
 i smoke a lot of gas  i just be in my zone tho .
 wanna get me involved youre getting q involved too and honey  i promise you dont want that smoke.
 just wanna have a smoke sesh and watch netflix
 i need sum1 to facetime while i smoke
 @dreprince1 never i didnt smoke for a hot min down here then people b just giving me weed left n right 
 my mom doesnt trip when i smoke but she trips when i say shit wth 
 thin  a little smoke  drinking a rcw 70.160 by @3magbrewing @ grocery outlet    photo
 when you get invited to a smoke session amp you walk in smelling nothing but reggie 
 last minute testing before smokey 10 goes in the bag omgrobots ppim lznation 
 nonabortionrelated services r a smoke screen under which tax  can keep funding abortion.  majority of amcits do 
 this aint no friday ...pullup like worm...pullup and smoke me a nigga 
 who is smoking weed on the train rn
 and it was 3 niggas outside. hey was like its raining weed  
 im too bored this is why i smoke everyday
 oomf bad but she smoke blacks bruh
 just legalize marijuana 
 sjr5 new federal rescheduling of marijuana from a schedule i drug. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3663 chestnut ave  send message. 
 i have weird dreams alllllll night if i do a dab before bed but if i just smoke weed i sleep sound as fuck
 smoke weed everyday  
 oomf on insta dissed me bc i skipped school today but shes the one who never comes to class to smoke weed ok jendkdk
 whencaliforniasecedes it can become its own people loving  weed loving country. and ill be joining them. 
 this one girl in my spanish class smoked crack and these other two girls dropped acid before class so yeah i love taft
 inman squares veggie slice of the day  roasted red peppers  smoked mozzarella  olives and 
 the field is the world  and the good seed stands for the people of the kingdom. the weeds are the people  . . . 
 just gonna listen to a snailedit mix and smoke a bleezy hopefully everything will be chill
 the dream would be travel around the world with all my favorite rappers and smoke mass and make hits
 some bitch just blew her vape smoke into my face..... now i want cotton candy
 all i wanted was to smoke and these cops is testing me 
 if you havent tried @stanleystruck youre missing out soft shell crab blt with smoked mac n cheese. rose and mike 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 328 elrino st  trash heaped over open lid.
 yall need some weed
 @dbacks unfortunately at work today  is the game on radio  live stream  on air app  fs go  smoke signal godbacks
 hispanic parents praise their kids for drinking the fuck out some beer but will disown them if they ever come into contact with some weed
 now im weedless
 i have never thrown up off an edible  dab  gb  bong rip etc... lmao but a lot of ppl i smoke w have and its soooo funny 
 my landlords tried to make me admit that i smoke weed here in my apartment complex. i lied cause they say they saw found swisher papers
 senior year i got 10 days out for a gram of weed  
 ... my head hurts... i need weed amp some tea
 this freshman in my culinary class just said i can get you purple weed
 i cant not smoke weed. its for real my medicine.
 one of the most therapeutic things for me is to smoke a blunt downtown  throw in some headphones amp go for a walk.... i guess im in therapy.
 i cant wait to smoke it all whole eighth no marlboro
 ummmmm..... that smoke cannot be good for the environment. justsaying 
 i need to smoke...
 @pottymouthbaker @youtube free ebook marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine   hemp
 all my makeup smells like weed cus i left a joint in my make up drawer while i was high 
  @ green street smoked meats 
 working out  then heading to kfc  is the same as saying your all for that organic  lifestyle then saying... hey i need a smoke  
 i remember when no female smoked now they be rolling fatter blunts then some of you reggie smoking niggas  n i love it  convos be lit
 holy smokes modpizza is so delicious. firsttime @ mod pizza 
 im tryna smoke what u smoking on 
 wasnt gonna smoke today cuz i wanted to go to the gym  then found out my mom wasnt gonna let me  now im gonna go and hit chops pre  ride
 i feel high even if i dont smoke maxine
 i just wanna smoke weed and count commas
 i just bought weed legally at a despenary 
 i smoke a backwoods of the skunk fuck a swisher 
 so much smoke i might as well be a chimney. 
 if i still did reefers  id be writing a fan fic about this tattoo all night. 
 this weed smells so good
 this is my garden. order yours today for spring planting. no dirt  no weeds  and waters itself in this aeroponic sy 
 i hate the smell of weed
 if you have time to smoke poppers and put it on snapchat  you have time to do something you were paid months ago to do.
 deflection  smoke amp mirrors above the laws 
 incident on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w1  brush...httpst.cobbcjt8pvly
 febwip d23 i would have changed the plot so that i had enough weed to last until i get rescued from this dull plan 
 all this smoke about ncaa coming hard after ole miss. as history proves with other schools and ncaa theyll just collect the fines and go.
 she thanked the community for their support and also thanked special prosecutor weeden wetmore and his team for all their work
 got my nails done yesterday amp theyre all white  now two are discolored because i smoke too much 
 my weedman better not be on the bullshit again today
 anyone wanna hang out today  maybe smoke up go for a walk enjoyy the sunn
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1608 edmondson avenue baltimore  send message. 
 @marijuanabase hi greg you an la smoker looking for people to meet up with here in town.
 linking opeoids to marijuana is nuts.
 they finna outlaw weed everywhere again
 dont touch my weeds... 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3133 loneys lane baltimore  send message. 
 kids  dont smoke the weeds. it can give you holes in the colon
 percent chance that many of those pushing for action against states w legal weed havent smoked weed recreationally zero
 @billjpiper we know but if they go after marijuana just think of all the gop states rights issues that now become open for discussion. guns
 i think im goin too smoke a lot of weed tonight when i get off 
 how is recreational marijuana a federal issue  but rights for trans kids a state issue i do not understand. 
 how can you call yourself the plug but never have shit to smoke
 our morning sedative on warp drive coffee pot marijuana amp caffeine 
 were gonna go harder on marijuana and reverse obamas reforms preventing privatized prisons from blatantly profiting off of human beings
 trump believes in states right to discriminate against trans kids...but not to legalize recreational marijuana. 
 i smoke to smoke idc
 minimum wage now on august ballot.  marijuana  go bonds  18th cent eco devo tax for inner city on april.  fast times on kcmo ballot.
 likening the opiod crisis to recreational marijuana usage might be trumps dumbest stance yet and thats saying a l 
 @ashleyesqueda @fox32news exactly. only when it suits their needs. buy as many guns as you want  but dont smoke pot and eat doritos.
 so does this also apply to marijuana laws what a fucking assfaced hypocrite. this guy needs to dive head 1st into 
 can my random drug test happen already i havent smoked in forever and i wanna smoke again lol
 my wedding will have an open weed bar so invites are important.
 all the people who smoke but went for trump about to regret their decision lmao 
 u dont know how weed look like  
 white house press secretary sean spicer says feds could step up enforcement against marijuana use in states 
 thanks laci weedenlisa norrisbecky carpenterterry nobleampdiane clapes for speaking at tonights senior parents m 
 it will be good for the country to have an answer. theres a lot of smoke  we need to check if theres a fire 
 people are gonna keep smoking weed regardless... oh   just keep fighting the good fight. 
 cant be callin weed bad when its all beneficial to you pussies
 and last time i smoked gas i almost crashed a whip
 cant wait till this surgery shit is overwith so i can finally smoke amp drink again.
 em t   wanna smoke me  noooo that is not for me okay  i just had to be polite amp offer.  this how i be w my food
 house made brioche stuffed with mushroom duxelles and smoked ham. 
 the gop wants to eliminate the epa so corporations can fill us with lead  other poisons  make weed illegal hows that for choice
 lol we r really gonna smoke out of a potato
 i dont smoke but i need to smoke a blunt this weekend feel free to join me
 i feel the burn  watch the smoke as i turn  rising  a phoenix from the flames..
 gonna be as corny as possible over summer and only smoke weed while laying on the hood of my car
 dont ever hit me up at 4 am saying i wanna chill  lets smoke.   youve lost your mind.  matter of fact  dont ever send me that
 these old niggas talking about how they used to smoke colombian gold and panama red 
 trump 1990 you have to legalize drugs to win that war. @seanspicer 2017 expect greater enforcement of marijuana laws under trump
 yall realize his administration is really putting opioid addiction in the same realm as recreational marijuana u 
 my pup wont pay attention to us... until were smoking a blunt and he jumps up on my bed within seconds. he just uses me for my weed...
 newest chain smoker song 30 hours after it came out. im proud of this one so help it reach the 
 lets not act like everything would be the same if hillary had won  she wouldnt be going after weed legalization
 we are opened and ready to serve fresh hot steamy smoked bbq.
 not on marijuana   hes going to let sessions outlaw that.  im thinking hes on cocaine 
 @jeffreinhart77 @pagirlshoops ill have updates from the na vs hempfield game
 @thepathfind3r stop smoking all the weed
 theres smoked salmon on my hands and i ran my fingers through my hair like an idiot so im going to attract all cats and seattleites today
 i need to do a solo weed episode. too many pertinent happenings as of late.....
 i dont smoke weed i just do
 i turnd 21 today. made 1k before my feet touched the ground.  finna smoke a blunt amp get my dick sucked .  turnup hope u have a good day
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   chillicothe  oh job
 @foxnews  in real time. i will smoke pot  and will never stop. legalize i will resist
 blowing weed clouds directly over the fence and into my neighbors backyard.
 yall slander cole amp i think yall got bad taste in music  then i remember yall favorite artist rap about guns and weed 247 and im right
 i just held a 1lb brick of weed in class today and saw heroin  meth  cocaine  and k2 justcastlethings
 but really every time i turn my ac on it smells like weed why whyyyyyyyyyyyy
 for canadas amp israels marijuana industries  a budding partnership  interesting amp weed startup links via @thecjn
 @rachbsilverman @vivelesavenir madeline stop bullying rachel. rachel im very interested in your new weed user theory.
 i just finished a bowl of cannabis indica  i feel much better now.
 video alert  @rellyashbash the best smoke directed by @comptonrida1   
 im in love with a wanna smoke and race and eat type of person
 @rechzack dude i have that screen shotted in my phone lol i want to smoke one some day
 this nigga blake really smoking weed in my designer headband i aint even worn yet smh
 just saw a guy leave his kid in the car while he smoked for like 5 min cmon bro
 shouldnt have smoked before im about to leave the house  now im lagging it to get ready
 shout out to whoever is smoking weed in the bathroom at penn station
 @ltgiv fingers crossed that he would actually let the states go about managing this. marijuana has no business being a schedule 1 anyway
 @ltgiv dinging the cartels is quickly going to be a priority. besides  legal weed is turning out to be a cash cow and thats a big deal
 nope  this con man just useing them as a smoke screen  so the reg. blow back doesnt lead back to him.  @goplatina1 @nickdangelo43 @foxnews
 of you dont like my fire  then dont come around ben harper  talking bout staying away for our weed you backwards mother fuckers. resist
 honesty.... im out of weed again. tampa.... wtf... hook a girl up.
 im gonna get off of work tonight  go home  and smoke the fattest bowl and curl up in my bed 
 saying good bye is never easy  ty steve huntley for great private ganja tour. bluemahoetoursnegril 
 trump logic we need to get rid of isis and casual weed users so raid every hood deli in nyc. problem solved.
 yall smoke mid definitely cant relate
 donnay  bro im trying to smoke a whole fucking zip bag in one day  me 
 @potus @realdonaldtrump quinnipiac poll 71 percent of americans would oppose a federal crackdown on legal marijuana 93 percent favor medical
 had weed gummy bears lawd had me clucking big time
 ryan says  can we smoke before we eat   me is that even a question 
 i need either 1 of these 2 things daily weed or dick and since im not getting dick i have to settle for the weed
 wow i wish i could smoke.
 someone smoke with me 
 last yr got expelled from dmk for walking on w weed  
 drinking a dry lock ipa by @starcitybrewco @ smoke eaters  
 i have to smoke 2 joints before i go to the airport right now. yes. have to.
 yeszr smoke filled friday saucey salute @ sacramento  california 
 someone pull up w weed. 
 so agitated i need to smoke but my hair in these bantu knots 
 suck my fucking dick im going to smoke this gas drink  this tequila with labroix and finish these sadly poppy electronic rap records i do
 so much smoke in my eye  its irritating me 
 the details on legal weed after prop 64  
 i wish i had friends that would wake up early  get breakfast amp smoke with me lol
 sending dennishastert to prison for 15 months for pedophilia vs minorities to prison for weed is bullshit x1k.   
 update 15 min in  fire is under control. search crew confirmed no fire in warehouse. light smoke made it inside and crews are ventilating.
 i break a pound of the loud  i smoke it all on my own
 smoking weed gets mad boring v fast
 its smoke out saturday  folks. the pig will be served at noon with sausage and corn dirty rice  and mustardcollar 
 i need one of my homies that understands the moon cycles to smoke n vibe with me and tell me why im such a mess rn
 i smell like weed so bad this morning fml this asian man dogging me through the rear view mirror lol
 man i would have so much shit if i didnt spent all my damn money on weed
 making our eyes water and mouths salivate in anticipation of our smoked salmon blini with lemon 
 i smoked so much yesterday that i dont think i want to smoke today at all.
 just wanna smoke a blunt alone 
 @tristanmonte98 @1980dorothy @realdonaldtrump if they come for our weed there will be serious problems. 
 cigarette smokers are disgusting. idc
 smoking all these weed  cause you know a nigga got issues.
 dear @realdonaldtrump  if youre not going to legalize marijuana nationally leave the topic the fuck alone  thank you the smoking community
 my daughter and her troop selling girl scout cookies in front of a weed dispensary. sf 
 can anybody tell me where dj smokey is at  and that nigga voduz 
 south hempstead ny sat feb 25th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @inzuwopwetrust lol stick to whatever you smoke then bud
 i need to smoke more than anything rn
 @lyn1350 good evening  est  hope youve had a productive day ive been weeding.
 time well spent at 2m smokehouse amp catering 
 tire smoke....
 @realdonaldtrump why do you want to criminalize marijuana
 i need some weed   good vibes and bob marley
 two girls hitting me up but i rather smoke with my homies
 me i dont want to close my windows  neighbors start smoking an obscene amount of weed  me 
 im pretty sure im high from all the weed i smelt during this parade
 my nigga i need a blunt and i dont even smoke.
 @cutfortime were at the bar chatting about mezcal  and our question is is it typically smokey is that a common quality
 im high as the fuck like nigga where da weed at lil snupe
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 not everyone gets to smoke with seranation but we did tonight 
 where is the weed in atlanta
 my manager seriously went out to smoke a cigarette more than five times today lol  it sure was a crazy day...
 when im drunk  i cant wait to get home to smoke 
 concept uber eats but for weed delivery
 @jessewelle someone told me cannabis is terrible for dogs  but how even ignorance is bliss.
 who sell weed at dillard man 
 im tryna roll up.. who got the weed
 acc hate females who smoke cigs  like u be in the mood to fuck amp then she be like hold up  can i go for a smoke break like no bitch da fuk
 on air right now till 5am on @hot975vegas  cannabis cup weekend here only on hot  turn me 
 who says its just weed and oxy 
 i wanna smoke i just dont wanna roll
 everyone text her and say ill smoke yo broke ass nigga bitch 
 imma smoke tooka till i lose it
 my dogs breath smells like weed
 when someone trys to take your kid away for some weed. im such a drug head you guys 
 atty gen session wants to incr use of private prisons amp wants to crack down on harmless pot smokers even in states 
 todays word of the day was meritorious  ravens s matt elam arrested on multiple drug charges in miami  126 grams of marijuana
 where theres smoke ... 
 see our latest lagrange  ga job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 fuck you doin with 126 grams of weed elam is an idiot
 having a family that accepts and supports ur weed smoking habit is tight 1010 would recommend
 i remember looking at that girl and thinking im gonna marry her  and then that girl borrowed 20 from me to go buy weed 
 wine amp weed type of day
 i know im in la when he says i like my weed from the shop because i know its sustainably grown
 not my favorite variety. smells like a campfire.  drinking a smoked saison at @bantamcider   photo
 the weed thing.
 trump thinking that he can enforce weed laws is v funny. when did any of that ever work in our history weed is resilient. you cant stop it
 we need to weed out who gets to talk about music  people are thinking thats a freestyle
 engine company 67 out at trio in west hempfield for a fundraiser to support a fire victim. 
 i just wanna smoke and relax
 you smoke mids 
 fire weed and i always deliver
 cant shit break me and my weed up but a grinder 
 can you do a campfire with smoke rising up and turning into a flamingo yep oakcity 
 females always asking for smoke buddys but never have no weed
 if i smoked a blunt would be in rotation right damn now
 got smoked out all weekend that was love 
 oh yay  another night of rich people blowing smoke up their butts while we try to make 40 in work pools betting on who gets the most smoke
 @chuckdgaf2 so he had no criminal record and i smoked weed when i was 17 should i get shot down because took a pic flipping two birds
 @mllemasterml @edhooley @defendingtheusa @potus  yobama did that because of the birther issue. where theres smoke  theres fire.
 i hate being around smoke now
 when u wanna slip in the so do u smoke question to him wo sounding like a stoner  so like  whats your favorite day in april
 sometimes smoking weed dont even  me hight lol i might be in the big leagues
 @sjmanager i never miss an episode... @therealmikedean smoking weed during the show was an epic moment
 too much ganja  hahaha i believe @realdonaldtrump is behind this scandal 
 i swear ill never understand why females tryna be cute when they smoking weed  bitch 
 she dont smoke but every time she w me we be faded 
 @realbencarson  ethics  obsession v possession  ownership have has had  celibacy is to virginity  as pain is to marijuana
 if all she does is smoke amp her pussy burn you dating some flat irons my nigga 
 cereal after smoke sesh 
 niggas that dont even smoke weed be wearing huff clothing like it make em special. ay bro  got some bud ass niggas. smh
 just wanna smoke a bowl or 2 3 4
 im out here really googling smoke shops trying to find out that will sell me a mini rig because fuck this tolerance break.
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue
 sunday brunching at @rokbrgr1 in delraybeach. smoked salmon deviled eggs are everything. 
 @rtfpodcast im my kids role model i go to work daily  dont smoke or drink. how can you be a role model to these kids who youll never meet
 lmao dont smoke them now 
 are you even an international student from the middle east if you dont smoke cigarettes on campus
 why am i just now getting the double entendre behind the safaree line on shether   remy truly smoked nicki
 ima smoke this blunt ampi forget the spoilers
 my lip gloss smells like weed 
 saw my professor at starbucks and smoked a cigarette with him before his class 
 i want it to rain while i sit and smoke in my car
 @tonystewart great work yesterday smoke 
 nycatl to see my broads in atlanta  and to celebrate with this smokeshow of a birthday girl. 
 tolerance is so low still smoke a whole gar
 ap  state responds to appeal over definition of usable marijuana  bdcnews
 fuck i really needed to smoke a cig just then
 @vargvargas kept going into the weeds of these reports  which left less room for developing characters and drama.
 tired af eyes  low and blood shoot red and the sad part its not from weed  its from work  ugh
 i just wanna smoke mad weed  listen to music  and forget how im feeling rn.
 lifes short smoke a port on a port in ny
 all we smoke is killa
 @nwsdodgecity its pretty close to the radar  so hard to see... do you have any pictures of smoke plumes from the ddc control tower
 cigarettes kill.. 12 inches of hemp will help.. @chillinlikeacivilian @ spencer  massachusetts 
 i lost my weed and i opened my drawer and i found it  shit too loud
 treating myself to some smoke  qdoba  amp listening to old records after i finish my homework
 wish i had friends to smoke me upppp 
 @iamjamiefoxx weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money
 for all concerned  i do know the difference between smoked salmon and lox  i just mostly eat lox and hadnt eaten smoked salmon in a while
 if you a smoker of crack then you a crackhead.
 i hateee to smell like or for my clothes to smell like smoke. but i work in hip hop  so theres that. lol ughh
 i did overtime and now imma smoke some weed and probably get the hat w boyf
 im very successful all while smoking weed and hating myself 
 had the type of day that i need to get drunk and smoke a blunt 
  i would sell my kidney for some weed right now
 man i dont smoke weed no more i got a gun so im not tryna be paranoid and shoot ya ass nuff said
 sooooo yeah i busted my ass today landed in my hip its hurts very badly sooo i smoked and it doesnt hurt any more..but its illegal 
 im trying to smoke some weed 
 420 blaze it haha smoking the devils lettuce i see yeah we get it... you dont smoke
 the first one youd see outside a 711 selling weed and the other one is that girl that always eats in class. 
 if youve been evacuated authorities ask that you do not return to your homes. still lots of smoke and flames out h 
 all the time. cant have a woman smelling like smoke around me  even hookah smoke. 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 the smoke outside is from the gpas of students crashing and burning after taking midterms.
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 @potus amp congress will give you healthcare as long as you follow their rules   instead of subsidy give tax credit smoke n mirrors lies
 i jus wanna smoke and drive all day  thats all
 visit discount tobacco today for smoke accessories   liquor  novelties amp more.  damnfresh 
 isnt weed legal in cali  
 they asked who would i like go smoke with... @sethrogen of course 
 current weather in naples smoke  81f 44 humidity  wind 15mph  pressure 1025mb
 @realdonaldtrump i think medical marijuana should be on the list to create jobs and lower prices for poor people it is natural and works
 @chandlergolden 1. why would you steal dirt weed  that doesnt make sense
 tonights special pasta at the sugar reef grill  smoked salmon with a creamy sauce with a touch 
 should az make industrial hemp industry legal in the state 
 compromise you plant a weed in your soul in hopes that it will reach the light.
 i have been rather bored today  i honestly wish i had a friend to just paint  smoke and listen to music with in silence
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 21002102 chelsea ter  send message. 
 yea im boff yea i had a drink  yea i smoked   yea  you think i need you but i dont.
 i make too much money to smoke crack 
 like smoke weed  cause i do. lol 
 randomly met another weed dealer who sells better shit for a lower price  whilewaitingforyourtextback
 i have smoked weed with mom and dad never as a adult @mileskisw @999kisw @theetedsmith
 once you get past the smokescreen  theres milk  sweet milk. bits of charcoal a... hunter  photo
 went got something to smoke and came my asz home its raining too much for me and ppl cant drive
 when u absolutely positively gotta smoke every in theyou gotta pull out the big meet ok.joeserial50505420 aka 
 tonight oakland city council vote on the cannabis equity initiative.lets set the tone for other citiesampstates cannabis4oak standup4equity
 my short term memorys pretty fucking solid for a weed smoker.
 about to smoke these blunts and go df to sleep
 trynna smoke a fatty
 smart kids that smoke weed  honor roll
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 3700 block of se 21st ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000019226 2312 pdx911
 quote of the night i love marijuana omfg
 just smoked a join wit yo girlfriend
 how often do i smoke
 this is a clear warning...to all the marijuanacrack loosers get out of my social accounts.  i am not one of you.
 if yall hide yalls guns and weed like yall hide ya girlfriends yall would never be in jail
 it was awkward running by some kids along the river smoking weed they just stared at me.
 how many cigs do you have to smoke in one go to fuckin die lol
 i hate smoking wit niggas cuz den dey try to come onto me like nigga no gtf damn im just tryna smoke
 just smoke. isss ok 
 i found love in someone that buys me antibiotics when i need them  and gives me hella weed  and pays my cell phone bill....
 tanner was drinking a beer and says hey doesnt this taste smokey .. there was a cig in it
 were hiring click to apply class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes available   job
 @rubyselixir can i smoke my own sticks there. i would enjoy an adult beverage or two.
 @globkeg1 im off tomorrow we should smoke
 ive never not been able to find weed. why now 
 the weed make me think  better it put me in a vibe.
 first thing my uncle said to me when i got here was so cece we gonna smoke a big fat one or what right infront of my grandma
 i need a damn weedman on the south 
 i remember when i was a sophomore shawn used to drive me to school in his caddy every morning and wed smoke behind this building before
 an episode on his feelings about marijuana would be a perfect start. 
 ive never smoked so many layups in my life 
 all weed no premos
 i like this elote @ green street smoked meats 
 ion even too much smoke weed anymore.. but when i do  i catch my self folding dishes on the porch
 drink smoke ride fuck chilll drive think about it
 our waitress at dennys really had to take her smoke break while she was waiting on us  the only people in the whole restaurant....
 north carolina needs help in passing house bill 185 to obtain medical cannabis  calling all celebrities to help 
 can just drive by with all the windows open hacking a smoke. no wonder uber is kicking ass in these parts. taxi
 structure fire 5919 farm pond ln apartment fire amp smoke showing 2nd alarm requested dgist 
 its not even noon and i am smoking marijuana
 @astmintl announced the creation of a cannabis committee to make quality standards for the industry 
 watch daniel romano smoke cigarettes and stare at a camera in the video for roya  
 the panthers are getting smoked in fa.
 update incident on hempsteadbranch both directions from hempstead station to new york penn station 
 bruh its crazy smokepurp was jus some fl soundcloud rapper last year now he real life rich...
