 @jkap give me that sex weed
 bernard noble doing 13 years for some weed 
 had to smoke a black. im stressssing
 i get paid to drive  nap  smoke blacks  and eat snacks. 
 thes guys just walked into clsss smelling like hella weed 
 i be wanting new people to smoke with
 i really wanna get back into weaving hemp jewelry  its such a relaxing and methodical task
 my grandma thinks im the devil because i smoke. honestly  hed most likely be chiller if he did. id hang with him .
 when the teens from your job smoked a cigarette in your dream so you wake up stressed lol
 when u offer to smoke lysh up later and she goes its up to u sis like bitch uampi kno u wanna
 met a girl yesterday that looks like @chelselizas so naturally i smoked with her
 trying to smoke a couple swishers with @jxmmi  big dream prob never happen tho 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 heres todays menu were open til 7pm amp staff favorite vegan smoked gouda is available. itll go fast 
 i have a 53 reefer in providence  ri  empty now. does anyone have a good load for me call  801 4486363 mention twitter
 work smoke sleep work smoke sleep work smoke sleep work smoke work smoke maybe sleep
 cant wait to go home  eat my toaster strudels and smoke my trees in peace
 when u can hear weed stuck in your macbook fan.
 nurse asked me if i smoke  i literally had to stop myself from saying smoke what 
 now i got two bad bitches passin me the weed
 i cant wait to smoke a fucking l 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 so @timhortons roll up the rim started today and smokes @poutinerie has poutine for 1.50. what atimetobealive
 @pete0721 @reaidonaldtrunp lol @ republicans who smoke weed humanoxymoron
 today we have a schnitzel club on tuscan with smoked bacon  blue cheese  caramelized onion  dijon amp greens numefood
 all my friends smoke now im so proud 
 the fact that one of my weed mans like me since i was fucking 16 is annoying lmao
 not 2 b sappy but weed is so beautiful it honest to god takes me from a panic attack to taking a step back to see a situation clearly
 @tylxo and smoke but im up for anything
 i smoked some great snodgrass once. @cykocurt 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 @brexkxngground sorry  i dont smoke
 if anyone is willing to smoke with me ill throw u cash
 yeah and obama did coke and smoked weed... 
 keep my gun and sum weed and sum cash wit me
 i wanna smoke 
 ive almost perfected the art of weeding out the fuck boys.
 trying to smoke and play 2k  
 can i ft someone while i smoke i want some type of company
 i can not stand cigarette smoke
 yea it look good yea it smell good but do it smoke good
 flynn report has shep smith fed up its too much lying  too much russia  too much smoke  via @huffpostmedia
 once people start smoking all you see on their snap stories is that one blunt they smoke a day
 @beanpolematt no one smokes cigarettes here anymore so its been years since ive smelled smoke in public  its just a different smoke now
 @nicoleseifert1 weeds
 happinessjesus  family amp close friends  kimye  music  clothes  food amp weed 
 beat hitting so hard the smoke shakin
 listen to smoke  i need a bad bitch  by smoke np on soundcloud  deerfield nigga...broward 954 deerfield
 @melvinstweetin flames and smoke from under the hood and all the wiring back to the trailer breaks started burning. i dont know man
 i have to smoke myself retarded just to play arena
 @ankenyscanner any idea what the smoke is coming from northeast of town
 to know smokey was to love hiiiim 
 last nights winning sandwich.... smoked strip bacon  year aged cheddar  crispy fried onions amp creamy horseradish sa 
 boy  jerseys really loosened up on its marijuana laws.. 
 just got back from therapy and smoked a backwoods before wrk its friday lets get it
 bro smoked me out last night 
 excuse me while i smoke this blunt in private
 just wanna smoke a wood and watch netflix 
 @youknowsimba lets inject some weed or take a couple puffs of some xans 
 i can smoke to any tracc by the cuzzo @wizkhalifa
 medical marijuana policies signif assoc w  opioidpainrelieverrelated hospitalizations amp no assoc w mmj hosp. 
 @cbcnews he wants legal weed  for all you olds.
 tonight twoblokesbrewing we literally took bbq and made the most delicate smokey shio broth @ 
 i spend about 3 600 on weed a year. i didnt know i had it like that... 
 my 14 year old brother sums up politics weed vs guns
 im in a state thats legalized weed but im stuck with a lady who would never let me get anything 
 my co workers think i smoked and thats why im hiding my puffy weed eyes lmfao
 lmfaoooo yall got caught w the ganja teamclean
 whos tryna take me out and smoke
 im not finna smoke backwoods ever  nothin yall gone tell me gone make me  its swishas for life
 i smoke my own shit  fat  keep yo swisher 
 pass that weed  like i studied
 one 4 hour shift stands between me and oso oso  mad weed  kahlo exhibit at the dali museum
 yall my dad calls weed dope... help him lmao
 let the smoke clear  three six mafia 
 this weed shit too serious
 fuck. i lost my weed again
 im tripping idk where i left it lmao my high ass probably smoked it
 i really want my friend to just pray and smoke but she scared her bf might be mad she smoking
 i havent smoked since the ending of january  i think thats ending today
 new music @sminobrown father son holy smoke  
 bruh i really only fuck with the weed that lean and all that shit yall can have that
 opened graffiti request via android at 2171 mission st  light pole in front of smoke shop. 
 why you flexin boy you dont want no smoke
 @aratostephen @shaneha07960526 @w55unicorn @foxnews uhhh  i dont smoke keep being wrong though 
 you dont want this smoke weak nigga 
 yo my friend bribed me to learn how to roll a blunt by letting me smoke it myself
 ain no pressure we smoke the pressure
 what the hemp  mar 10  2017  5pm pst 6pm az mst 1 408 638 0968 us toll or 1 646 558 8656 us toll     m 
 my ancestors didnt drink alcohol or smoke weed.
 @justjasminexxx i starting growing weed.
 only 5 miles across the colorado border and ive already seen a weed dispensary 
 hows your harvest looking tend to your fields  dont led weeds choke out the life of your seed. water the land and give it life.
 anyway im about to smoke all of the rest of my weed
 i do not cheat i dont talk to other guys i dont drink or smoke im loyal af and all i expect is the same in return
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation brownsville  tn job
 thats whats up have a safe trip and dont smoke in the car lol 
 imagine i sold weed
 would nfl players rather be rxd addicting  organ damaging meds or be allowed cannabis oil for painailments my guess is on the latter.
 @londonlad01 @lbc having a couple of grams of weed to smoke  just an example. i dont expect a jail sentence over that.
 someone hang n smoke with me
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation batesville  ms
 @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @whitehouse @harvard her friend smokes meth heroin so hangs out on alameda use to live at red house
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 honestly i think weed can bring the world together 
 going through tech at smokey mountains 
 smoke weed eat yogurt
 i just wanna chill  smoke a blunt   and watch family guy funniest moments  13 on youtube 
 i need to smoke 
 the best feeling is buying a lot of weed and knowing later u can smoke the fuck down and not have 2 worry about how much u smokerunning out
 hes really nice but he smokes crack sometimes  oh lol okay
 i cant go to jail . i smoke to much weed amp i love pussy
 court formal ruling today to list monsanto weedkiller as possible carcinogen prop65 @marchagainstm @courthousenews 
 our government will always be corrupt  not every person you meet is going to be nice  but one things for certain is ill always smoke weed
 why he cant use his own 20 i hate weed anyway  
  oldcrowchicago avion vion @ old crow smokehouse 
 this is the exact reason that medical cannabis should be legalized in all 50 states to relieve the pressure 
 i gotta try this but ion smoke smh 
 @iamdavemac @profbootyphd @snopes it is the natural next step after penalizing smokers
 a weed is just a right flower growing in the wrong place
 @prandpoli @tedlightbulb @cannabisculture nonprofit for cannabis is still illegal under the law.
 you cant even smoke wit yo bro now a days 
 12 os got me real fucked up  eyes roll back  i spill my drugs. homies roll me up then smoke me in the blunt.
  smoke me out  
 on the menu tonight smoked snapper salad  toast  celery. ubdinner @ underbelly 
 your wcw fucks to get smoked out lmao
 lmao a edible is like a weed brownie or sum 
 when you hitting the blunt amp the smoke goes into your eye.... 
 someone smoke me out amp ill love you forever
 nevada senator proposes bill to legalize cannabis clubs and marijuana use at events  
 if youre against marijuana youre against god. facts
 bout go outside smoke nice phat blunt dime of sour to head solo me an mr hyde
 main media needs to report on putintrump connection  not trumpcare thrown up as its smokescreen irresponsible journalism
 all my roommates are sleeping someone come over and smoke this grape with me
 braiden said  this boy at my school is gonna die before he   turns 18 hes in the 8th grade smokin weed  
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
  i hope youre worth more than what ive seen.. i dont want to remember you bc of a smoke sesh
 i just wanna play with his hair  listen to cool music and smoke with him.
 lol good morning from my broken bus thats shooting out smoke and pumping out cold air 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 had me and babe like damnnnnn in our craig and smokey from friday voice.  @eeclax12 
 cleared incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 the dansville mcdonalds fire was in a fryer. a lot of smoke  three engines and ambulances respond.
 nice warm amp hearty smoked turkey  ham and potato soup  plus a spicy vegan tomato and dill soup. soup soupson 
 holy smokes... best hrv ive ever scored....  recovery sleeprevolution nowwerun 
 @vooda1 this is all smoke and mirrors by the administration. stay focused on russian ties to the administration.
 tell my why the fuck people still smoke cigarettes it the bathroom at school
 ernies smokehouse serving up snapper straight from the grill. @erniesbbq 
 ill be 25 in june and i still get carded for a pack of smokes tf
 some one ice cream cake smoke and chill 
 @mikefoley that sounds delish i love me some smoked salmon. havent had it in a while. thx mike... off to the store i go now. 
 its my day off and i cant smoke cuz the building is installing new toilets ughhhb
 just enjoy smoking weed and minding my business
 legalize weed worldwide    having fun ......  hotel room akron ohio usa  july 2016  jeff davis  aftra actor amp 
 when you smoke good the roaches are half blunt...
 @position410 my acid reflux magically disappeared when i stopped smokin weed.
 im really not ur mans... i just met you to buy some weed  so quit texting me bout some xans 
 i think coffee is more of a drug than weed 
 do not consume if you are allergic to feminism  game of thrones references  logic or marijuana. or if you voted for 
 coffee amp weed
 holy smokes its cold outside. warm your insides with some choolaah chai. dcweather 
 bring me some weed 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 nigga gone suggest some zans cause i cant smoke anymore boy if you dont yo next step is cracc head ass on somewhere
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 legal weed debate. man. sxsw2017 @ sxsw 
 cant wait to go home and smoke. bc we arent allowed to at work for whatever dumb reason
 someone in el paso smoke me out lol
 imlff if cannabis had a genome  inmed is mapping it. 
 my mom acts surprised that i smoke every time it comes up. like girl this is the 10th time i told you. write it down.
 ughi woke up to the sound of 3 barking dogs and a crps flare. i hate when my carefully laid plans go up in smoke. pain pill amp quiet day.
 useful piece on the medical effects of regular marijuana use. the karma is not all good. 
  in 1969  the highest court in the land ruled unanimously that the marijuana tax act was unconstitutional.  politics
 i want to go drifting and smoke a blunt lmao
 @hayhaysturg now hes informing the class that marijuana is legal medically and recreationally in some states
 why you on social media acting you do but dont want smoke 
 i smoke marb reds cause im not a faggot
 @observatoryoc @weedmaps @thesmokersclub  any info as to what the vip smokers experience includes  any details wou 
 i really wanna smoke but its brick as fuck outside
 him selling weed doesnt really help the story either tho. 
 this why i smoke so much
 biggest fear is introducing a girl to my boys and finding out they all smashed. holy smokes
 i just lay in the bed  smoke weed and get my thang touched till it dont work no more lmaooo
 @thebonnierotten me either  i yelled at my mom about weed and feel a little bad about it but not really  lol
 rather take a pack of smokes than you
 mi flight got delayed someone pick me up and lets get some weed  fuck
 prefer someone that can smoke me out  not vise verse 
 stupidthingsiusedtodo smoke  never start  if you smoke cigarettes  quit
 this white person wearing a weed shirt and socks just said namaste to me. its only monday  dude  wtf.
 i go to school do my homework and smoke weed its a routine
 when i smoke with my worse its like smoking alone anyway
 @seytenn the blossoming romance between the two weed nazis
 really fucking bored so guess i go drive around downtown and give homeless people weed... love good karma
 the first recorded use of marijuana was in china  over 4700 year ago retro facts doingitright marijuana
 we deserve a smoke break
 @clarecoffey i like that youre weeding out the grammar nazis right away. theyd be awful to raise a child with.
 its so hard to smoke a blunt with a sore throat but im gonna power through it cause mama aint raise no bitch
 she dont wear sneakers and she dont like reefer  a classy ass bitch.
 ...fit only to give solidity to smoke. persius
 i dedicate my future success to everybody that thought i was gone hit licks an sell weed forever
 this weeks specials. albert classic pulled pork quesadilla. tortilla filled with house smoked 
 smoking weed until im fried
 i keep smelling weed
 bouta smoke a vegan wrap how is this going to taste 
 i cant smoke out with u i heard you a busta
 i smoke so much  cant even open up my eyes 
 a smoker would theoretically have to consume nearly 1 5
 basically. used to smoke them so much  and now i cant stand being around it. happy2behealthy 
 actual footage of me smoking the marijuana to stay young. 
 i feel but if you gonna smoke might as well try to get stuck 
 i have no idea how i would make it through college with out weed
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign...  
 wow look at this absolutely crazy you can smoke this gun thats on your left hand side literally a smoking gun with 
 i been in a weed comma for like 3 years
 someone ft me while i make ramen and smoke
 someone come listen to old school rampb and smoke this blunt with me
 my car smells like cigs and i dont even smoke lmaoo
 i smoke weed never sober
 @obama took our hardearned tax dollars and burned it in the smoke 
 just wanna ride around and smoke
 yo if you dont get the fact i smoke hella and have been for a decade now get over it this me and ima always be me
 i just wanna go to an island and smoke all day.
 lord forgive me roll the weed up on the bible 
 when i just ate an edible  smoked weed  and smoked wax 
 lmaoooo this bitch said do you smoke an edible 
 if i dont smoke this blunt in the next hour i aint gonna make it
 i dont think i will ever stop smoking weed
 wish i could smoke or drink when im in a gloomy mood
 .@repdonyoung rak is for ending fed. war on marijuana. will he end attackonanimalshttpst.coxdhbznfirt
 i smoked and i can still feel this headache 
 @kellyannepolls @foxandfriends @ingrahamangle odd how russia comes to djt defense when his wiretapping smoke screen fell apart
 snow day brunch is the best  pancakes  eggs  bacon  corned beef hash  smoked salmon amp bagel  till 4pm today  cu 
  @ my apartment home above the galax smokehouse 
 @ffdiehards @thabestuno stop smoking weed...till you get to mid season anyway  daaaamn  
 is it just me or do you also have to change the battery in your smoke detectors every month or so it feels like
 let me smoke what you got man 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign on bonus  
 @jimcramer looking for the best cannabis stock at this time
 midwest hommies bring weed to these dates 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign...  
 just tryna keep weed smoke in my lungs and tits on my lips
 smoke the weed and laugh at em  
 605 mcguffey avenue working structure fire in the attic smoke showing from the outside fire ground five @journalnews
 snowing cold and turkey feeding in the front yard. did i sleep 10 months @ smokey mountains 
 the fat smoke and funny joke sitting like a sponge  letting everything soak
 crabmeat deviled egg and smoked salmon appetizer tonight on lh447. yum 
 colt 45 amp two zig zags  baby thats all we need. we can go to the park after dark smoke that tumble weed.
 @lavarball how much medical grade weed do you smoke beat jordan  zero shot. and your youngest son cherry picks  doesnt work in the nba
 sos i just woke up amp i just wanna smoke the blunt thats in the car but i dont wanna put clothes on
 need to smoke
 cali weed  
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 bout to smoke myself to sleep 
 worst part of coming home at a weird time theres no one to smoke with
 unless ur the one thats copping or inhaling for me  dont tell me about how much i smoke.
 @beckyllopez80 @benpearcedj @realdonaldtrump @snoopdogg i think becky may be smoking a wee bit too much ganja.
 if you want a weed mask just make one out of hemp oil  avocado  spirulina power  and patchouli oil
 lets do @jakesondevine pintnight with a smoked duck quesadilla. deal cool  see you at 400. eatlocal 
 shell casing  muzzle with smoke drawn on aaronhernandez right arm wcvb 
 the air is fresh  the weed is great. id say im one happy camper  
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed  i said baby buy dutches cuz you cant smoke for free 
 would you like to try our new smokehouse pizza for nine dollars  no. can i get that smokehouse pizza 
 why does 45 remind me so much of the wizard of oz  con man  smoke and mirrors  pay no attention to the man behind the curtain...  trump
 lmao lemme feed you and smoke you out ma 
 someone come get me and lets smoke and take me home lol 
 incident on i90nysthruway wb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 
 i bet the weed man fucked his girl back in the day 
 100 false. the smoke ring on that brisket is absolutely pathetic. this looks like dickeys bland brisket. 
 order our juicy smoked jerkchicken and rice amp peas with our friends ubereats @ the jerk joint 
 texas got some bammer ass weed where the  at bluhh
 whenever youre weedman certain ones give you advice about weed amp smoking listen
 cold smoke is my new favorite meeting location. mymontanalife home meetings @ cold smoke 
 hybrid weed. hybrid mug. 
 but spice  i smoke that and it feel like im really aquarius. weed  i can only smoke a puff and thats it.
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 school fuckin closed tomorrow ya bitch mad hype who wna have a snowball fight n smoke sum blunts
 happy birthday @pambamxo drink up or smoke up which ever it have fun
 dig your claws into the honey bear  bulleit bourbon  lairds apple brandy  lemon  cherrywood smoked honey  smith 
 @incomparableb smoke some weed
 happy birthday to my two brothers when you smell the smoke in the air  know that its me 
 restocked on some raw stuff too 1 14 papers and the big 100ft balls of hempwick are back in the shop
 please  proceed to post about how much you smoke weed. im sure youre bosses would love to see 
 believeitornotim ready to qualify you for medical cannabis.
 im gonna get in n out go sit and read at the beach amp smoke my weed .
 @colinmouth i am living proof weed wont kill you.
 6 oz of our smoked chicken  and herb  yams amp broccoli. you may decide to have it for lunch or 
 in need of ganja 
 i been off since 5 and im just now finna smoke... this aint me cuz
 waiting on bb to get here so we can go find a cute spot to smoke amp vibe
 i buy weed cars and clothes and fuck hoes for free
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 we smoke so much the ashes startin to burn on me
 i wish our state level educational governing body had the same level of resourcefulness as a stoner trying to find weed
 im so glad my class is cancelled. no class until 1  may as well smoke a 3am blunt lol
 pussy. money. weed  im sorry. idc 
 did you catch my live magic trick i owe it all to smokey the clown. @wgrz 
 county considers marijuana dispensary ban as moratorium expires 
 3.75 pounds of marijuana to be exact 
 goodwill employees were very surprised when they opened a cooler and found 3.75 pounds of marijuana  police said 
 hb07289 new an act concerning operating a motor vehicle while under the influence of marijuana. 
 im so stoned i thought the green light on my smoke detector was someone shining a laser at my ceiling. 
 @colindunlap the real bracket joy will be when @saraharbogast smokes @theponicorn
 this guy is a throwback to the 1950s.   reefer madness. jim crow. but not the cold war. russia good 
 its so cold outside that im bundled up in two hoodies and my thick cover to come outside and smoke a cigarette... 15degrees smh go away
 bron smokes vanilla dutches
 blowing this smoke  cause i cant cope with this pain im feelin
 if you put pictures of weed on your snap story your a clown .. buy some wax its not the 70s anymore
 if youre a girl and like to go on adventures and probably smoke some weed hmu lets be friends
 good weed good drank and a bad chick
 four pounds of marijuana dropped off at goodwill in washington 
 currently wishing i would have smoked before work 
 after today....not buying weed until i get a car
 lowkey wants to text risky bis me to myself okay lets go smoke first
 the feds would smoke reggie  
 more smoke screen from trump. leaked tax return was his copy. so he leaked it then claimed it was illegal leaked and fakenews. nice try.
 you can talk amp smoke lol yall be wanting the blunt passed in 5sec 
 lmao government weed has a 13 potency  
 yesterday as i was leaving the smoke shop  a kid asked me if i could buy him wraps and sell him tree... 
 uh smokey eye or glitter eye today 
 she dont smoke but everytome she w. me we be faded 
 i drink more then i smoke  ive spent so much money on alcohol lmfao
 i smoke weed because life sucks. 
 i used to smoke the weed till my fingers burned
 imagine instead of a ice cream stuck  a marijuana truck
 todays word of the day is adverse effect .... i am going to take this medicine smoke a blunt and enjoy the adverse effect
 since when did cocaine replace weed in the rap game
 i saw hippies on the side of the road today and gave them like 3 grams of weed. they were super hype.
 @boomdudecom @ericheggie or national legalization of marijuana or a return to prereagan income tax levels. popular with youngnew voters
 just want to start my new job already and be able to talk about ganja all day everydayyy 
 get smokey pull up tonight to kapture 
 ll boys score a double tonight congrats lmhs and hempfield c u sat @lmhsuperfans @hempstudsec2017
 @realdonaldtrump sir  as a voter and campaign worker or yours. can we please do something about mr. sessions cannabis saved my life
 smokes weed so im not as socially awkward
 i dont usually smoke  but a bitch skressed
 @riskyliberal   if only conservatives smoked weed  what a wonderful world it might be
 if yall want smoke yall gon get it
 we only had an algebra teacher who smoked pot w his ap students after exams. boring whatilearnedtoday @docthompsonshow
 moe these youngins out here burnt all they wanna do is smoke and tup 
 watch these leeches in the morning trying to smoke yo weed
 happy st. patricks day how bout a fresh herb pesto to pop the needed green amp apple smoked gouda  for a delicious 
 about 13 of the school smokes them 
 booze  weed  food comas  caffeine how to sober up from everything by brian vanhooker 
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17n  hempstead avenue to exit 18  eagle avenue
 cant wait to get home and smoke
 @kyleharshbarger @econtalker @maxmendezbeck 2 does nothing to show that govt is needed to weed out scams. just that it sometimes does.
 ok i need to shower smoke eat and get ready. fuck thats gonna take like 3 hours.
 i always have weed but no friends to smoke it with 
 it will take more that talk to snub out enthusiasm trump takes aim at cannabis  
 @bossladybri i was but i didnt wanna smoke in ya garage. today
 @smclaughlin9 people who badly need to do some weed
 snoopdogg what kinda weed is he smoking that fuels this violence in his new videos i thought he done chilled out cookin with martha wtf
 gas all i smoke 
 nobody talks that lavish slick talk like my boy rozay...he makes you want to smoke a cigar while you listen to his tape
 @rainbow6game glaz is op when you pick people with smoke grenades to match his. easiest way to get a ace 
 or come smoke with jasmine 
 i think my room has a permanent weed smell
 b sure to smoke some weed today gogreen
 well  if the captain says so...    patricktstewart reveals he uses weed like  every 
 i had a dream me and my friends went to a club and smoked a blunt with @kehlani. it was beautiful. i wish i never woke up 
 some people smoke die chill all on the same corner
 pibe fumando en el campus   seguridad you cant smoke here  this is a tabaco free campus pibe its not tabaco  its weed  me hizo feliz
 and weed
 everybody that sell weed got that pacc lol shit be smokin like some arizona mid
 wearing a green lets get baked shirt on saint pattys and this lady had the nerve to say im disrespecting her by wearing a weed shirt
 it always helps to have a bowlpipe for your car. never know when a smoke ses might pop off and you dont have any swishers or sum
 update 1931 west riverside. e8 and l9 found infant in a crib and were able to perform a rescue. they are being treated for smoke inhalation
 i probably wont wear green today  ill just smoke it 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation athens  oh
 cant wait to get home cause im bouta smoke my face off 
 she gone roll my weed and throw my hood up 
 this still has me confused. the country is legalizing hiv before marijuana 
 i literally just found a bottle of my favorite weed ever in my room  theres one nug and i have no smoking device im going to kill myself
 all piper talks about is dick and weed
 lets smokeeeee 
 i just want a boo thats loyal  funny  outgoing  smart  ambitious and doesnt smoke weed 
 my voice sounds like ive smoked for 30 years 
 drinking a mole smoke by @surlybrewing at @surlybrewing   photo
 0 violence weed all in the air
 need a cigarette.  and i dont smoke.  goblue
 i hate how people only associate bob marley with weed
 i was buyin a dutch at the liquor  the cashier said..its friday... get you some weed  beer and pussy lmao 
 bitches love weed.. lol
 just watching other people smoke makes me want to 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 63706398 e pratt st  send message.
 the smokey cow and holy chuck fries. great lunch at @holychuckburger 
 drink up on tap now is our scotch ale aged w smoked habaneros 9.5   badbrewing stpatricksday drinklocal 
 quick question  why the fuck are we cutting down all of our trees when we can literally make paper out of hemp
 yikes coach k..love you boo maniac   but you sound like you just smoked 6 packs of marlboro reds. everything okay
 snoop smokes 81 blunts a day. i take 2 hits and pass out.
 swear i smoked a whole qp in the past couple days
 getting in the uber and it reeks of weed lmao hes like fuck sorry
 i just smoked fam out @bryanpls
 mom do you care if i smoke an blunt in the front yard lmao
 i smoked a blunt in publics bathroom with some true ogs tonight. they didnt give a fuck
 i got picked up and i smoked at least 4 whole blunts. my mom asked why i smelt someones grandma house. bless her heart.
 the person you match with weed gotta be as good or better than yours 
 smells like weed in my apartment thanks to my sister.
 flowers or weeds you decide focus @ washington  district of columbia 
 can not wait to get off work and smoke a fat blunt to my face 
 if the beast can land belle  i got a pretty good shot at a total smoke for a wife.
 at dinner a guy asked kayla and i to watch his bag and i swear it was full of weed  morgantown i have missed you
 free smoke. free smoke. aye
 free smoke free smoke
 that free smoke  hook basura
 the garden of weeden
 free smoke  free smoke
 @joeyp8 free smoke 
 if you give a broke nigga 100 and he go buy weed instead of flipping it....leave his dumb i wanna be broke forever ass alone
 getting smoked out. 
 bitch you cant even smoke no black amp mild w me ..
 yo hmu if you trynna watch fresh prince an smoke some woods when im home  
 i just wanna smoke in peace in theres dumb cops out rn
 i smoke weed for breakfast
 free smoke free smoke
 i used to always smoke and never hit the club i miss that
 like if you are under 17 you probably shouldnt be doing heavy drugs and drinking  like i smoked weed and shit but honestly.
 free smoke drake ghost writer ate that mf 
 all of this turmoil between us and the liberals is bad but is actually a smokescreen to hide the worldwide disaster coming our way wake up 
 @timwillywilli the great smokey mountains national park is off the charts all kinds of good  fun  healthy  outdoor activities
 free smoke free smoke
 hmu if u wanna smoke and get breakfast
 cannnnnnnnnn thotty bugatti get up  smoke and go hop on some  before church at 11 without going to hell or nah
 @foxn american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 @nyti american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 quick smoke
 tried to rave last night but couldnt hang with the cigarette smoke
 free smoke free smoke 
 free smoke.
 i didnt smoke before bed last night so i just dreamt of gas stations lots of gas stations
 my roomie woke me up at 2 am to smoke a couple bowls... i knew i loved him
 but before i slide over there @chelssssxoxo smoke session
 boulderfire not much smoke south of canyon blvd. central and north boulder look very smoky. esp. whittier 
 sunshinefire boulderfire this morning. over 1 000 homes now evacuated and boulder covered in smoke  
 you diss on my name you get smoked on the same day
 watch those blunt chaserz in the morning.... always tryin to smoke never got they own smoke
 shouldve waited to smoke that jay   now i need it more than ever
 free smoke  free smoke
 if smokin weed makes you dumb  why not get some brain while you smoke that blunt
 catino smokes a double down the line and klotz scores. the bluejays now lead 52
 last week in nashville i got to see my nephew montana.  he blessed his unc with a nice smoke 
 i really dont care to let too many ppl know i smoke in my crib because then thats when everybody think your crib is the chill spot
 we won smokey da bandit amp suave da lyricist are the best new entertainers for the 36th 
 free smoke
 more life has dope beats. like free smoke goes hard af. this is the best one on the album imo. bars are too repetit 
 sunshinefire boulderfire smoke getting thicker  planes flying fast and low 
 my little cousin why does it say buy marijuana
 smoking weed and sitting outside the best feeling i swear
 ok... free smoke is a banger
 literally everyone smokes in pittsburgh
 holla fuck the world w my chest full of smoke
 about to smoke with the pops lol all this bullshit around us. highlife weed blessed
 free smoke
 i might just smoke a whole quarter
 of course there isnt any evidence  just more smokescreen from our deplorable potus to hide behind.  
 i just smoked 6 gs and i just woke up wtf
 @iamerizhai son hurt i would have just went smoked a blunt and called my people
 some tweaker in smokeypoint just yelled right by me and lexi get this monkey off my fucking back
 all i wanna do these days is smoke weed take naps eat pussy and watch the office
 i hibernate smoke the lettuce
 @rbbvnkx lets smoke
 she loving the view while we smoke im loving it too while i stroke
 idk whats wrong wit my body like its like i cant smoke no more without my stomach hurting ..
 i smoke so much dope i think im addicted
 why does the person i want look at me like im a gross ass weed in a field of flowers smfh
 des somebody gotta eat the weed  me 
 today make a year since smoke been gone  lls 
 honestly... i would love to smoke with my parents and get everything out 
 someone pull up so we can smoke
 someone lets have a smoke sesh in my house and meditate after lol
 im trynna smoke
 if sadie was here id have someone to smoke w me right now 
 the black smoke coming out of the school always scares me
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 who trying to smoke there self to sleep this afternoon with me 
 freee shmoke free smoke  aye
 only time i see somebody under 30 smoking cigarettes is when they tryna quit weed 
 sounds amp smoke hoodrich pablo   by @shaughncooper sxsw hoodstock3 
 see our latest arlington  tn job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 my little nephew is growing like a weed. good time catching up with the family yesterday. 
 buy some weed from my mcm lol we need some money 
 my mom just walked in my room amp told me i need to go to rehab for weed....i laughed in her face lmfao leave my room mom
 if anybody want some weed from colorado lmk cause im going to get some and coming back in the near future
 cigarettes and alcohol are legal too  but the government wants to make weed illegal out of all things  
 what im wondering is if loud blck is made w pure cannabis  how can you sell it legally do you just remove the thc 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 yall ever smoke over 300 woods a year  i smoke 399  just to keep me sane throughout all the night
 @wisdomsmokes thanks for the follow wisdom smokes let me know if youre ever hiring sounds like youre successful and driven 
 last day of tour and im trying to get weed for me and friends in stone. help us have a fun last day lol 
 that vine of the guy using his inhaler to smoke is me
 michigan should really legalize recreational marijuana too. we could fix our pothole pos roads
 im at captital q smokehouse in albany  ny 
 but free smoke is available
 baby  if you cook and roll that weed  ill be so happy with you
 roughing out some oak and smoked ashash serving trays to replace stock on our etsyshop.  we 
 @dadamnval dont smoke today or tomorrow and eat peppermints before you take the swab
 .@nicolledwallace this attempt at smoke and mirrors only makes them less trustworthy .@gop .@senategop .@housegop gowdy comeyhearings
 @ogburdi i dont need anything that strong haha i dont smoke much plus my matabolism is fast  i havent smoked in like a week rn
 steam both sides of the l  freeze smoke rings when they hail
 free smoke  what an intro
 @bmcmoney14 happpy gday smokey shoutout 2 @mcveigh3 for the picture  
 its crazy seeing people my age getting married having kids. while im over here a virgin smoking weed
 @sydthekidkiddi good point  but im not here for the legalization of heroine over marijuana. people choose to get hooked.
 all you missing is weed and some movies  
 i havent smoked in a minute there.
 free smoke  
 i rather smoke my weed fck it
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1300 w lafayette ave  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 11001198 smithson street baltimore  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 5921 moravia road baltimore  on l 
 yall just be assuming every couple wanna sit around and smoke weed  
 read a book  or smoke a blunt  
 @presssec still trying to smokescreen the american public with wiretap. the russiagate scandal is still very much alive
 i would say and a blunt but i aint smoked in so long imma be too geeked up fuckin shit up lol
 @sinsemillaplug theonlywayweedcankillyouis it were fashioned into hemp rope and used to hang you. theres another one...
 big news coming up on todays wampb smoke circle stay tuned
 free smoke free smoke aye free smoke free smoke
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 ion even be tryin to smoke like that no more
 back home @ smokehouse beatsi made this for you 3ft 
 @girlsreallyrule this is a smoke screen. trumps still upset that his daughters hideous clothing line is in discount bins collecting dust.
 you cant do anything around latina moms because they think youre suspicious. if you take a nap  she think you smoked marijuana.
 struggle is the enemy but weed is the remedy
 and a 250 000 permit for new salt  smoke location in old del pietros at 5615 hampton. that story 
 10 toes on the cement  lil weed in my socks
 free smoke free smoke 
 drake  free smoke free smoke  me aye 
  on fakenews at techpolicysipa theres a lot of smoke and maybe even some fire. assumption of influence.
 uhhhh weed burnthatshit 
 anyone wanna smoke ill spark ya broke ass up
 long time  hey ma  smoke again  good ass into. cant choose just 1 
 free smoke
 gotta appreciate a man who appreciates a smokey eye shoptalk17 sephora
 my weed at home too bruh  im fhinna go ape shit if she dont take me home
 @s0phlazer @smoked @merzful smokeds a pedophile and a cyberbully jeez
 brewery 1  flight time @ wicked weed brewing 
 with the smoke clearing  it looks like the left side of the building  including the sides and roof  took the most d 
 chain smoker 
 and so i can smoke whenever i want
 shicky forgot to take her weed out of her suitcase and her bag is being checked im crying
 why do people who dont smoke cigarettes act like those of us that do  dont know the effects  lady do you know t 
 my mom cant get the smell of weed out my sweaters . today i caught this women chillin in the sofa just sniffing one of mine today
 im probably the only me that i know that dont smoke
 greg abbott recreational amp medicinal marijuana legalization in texas  sign the petition  via @change@
 about to smoke me a blunt and knock out
 anyone tryna smoke a blunt
 nini wont come smoke with me
 omg i didnt smoke yesterday at all. didnt crave it  didnt want it. this is unusual 
 remember that time when u just started smoking amp u thought u smoked k2 or some laced shit but it was actually just some dank ass weed
 im not tryna cuff  just wanna smoke a blunt or 2 amp put this d on you.
 @dcexaminer unarmed zach hammond had two marijuana joints cops planted dealer weight crack cocaine on the boy after 
 this smoked meats pizza is so extra honestly lol
 yass ashley coming to smoke where she is gonna laughkill me bout these tweets. 
 locked up my truck in sanfernando. picked up ma friend... heading home now to smoke.. alarm set at 530 cause heading out to frisco. get it.
 ever smoked out of composition papers 
 next year for spring break im going somewhere weed related..fuck alcohol..with @50shadesofhall @pingkelsey i cant deal   420trip
 gonna smoke a bleezy and call it a night 
 having a huge ass canker sore and needing to smoke as often as i do is the most painful shit
 bro how the only good free smoke instrumental was on youtube hours after the songs dropped .. but now these garbage remakes are all over
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together.  
 free smoke eyyyy free smoke .
 firefighters credit working smoke alarms with alerting the family. daybreak8 
 up having a candle lit smoke session dolo
 smellin like dolce amp gabbana. i can probably hit ya baby mama. blowin on a pound of marijuana. presidential kush i 
 you rather smoke amp party w mf who doesnt have responsibilities than be at hone raisin ya child amp interacting with them smh. dumb hoes mane
 who finna smoke before school
 good morning  foodforlife muffins   organic strawberries   cashew butter   chia and hemp 
 pussy  money  weed
 @wadetroutt21 @brandenkippy damn i miss you mother fuckers. we will smoke a fat doob at that exact spot when i get back
 me and smokeeyyyy skeeedd early.
 free smoke
 aww looks like smokey joe 
 free smoke
 me and ralph smoked a fat ass wood last night
 research at acc.17 showed that marijuana increases risk for heart failure  stroke via @cardiobusiness @accintouch 
 can a smalltown lawyer and a vegas excon make industrial hemp respectable again   nchemp 
 as the flower burns i want to watch the smoke dance around you as we both get lit.
 look through my followers and you will see several south by southwest prominent figures cannabis families are takin 
 thinly sliced hickory smoked chicken breast amp the finest italian swiss .. melted inbetween two thick slices of hon 
 schools that work are good at pulling weeds amp planting seeds @ericjensenbrain @liascd liascd
 meritocracy is a smokescreen for the twoheaded hydra known as whiteness and capitalism.
 that dont mean cut up   you could have smoked 
 my nightmares got more vivid when i stopped smoking weed 
 @softykjr the nba is never going back to the key.  just a smokescreen by mayor and his minions.
 a text my boss sent me after stepping outside to smoker after doing literally all of those things. 
 old smokey... @ newton county  georgia 
 holy smokes  vinyl preorder is available at   tres colores @ san 
 yooooo people from my hs are engaged and shit and im out here wondering when im gonna smoke weed next 
 rapper ralph fully appreciates free smoke
 looked outside and thought i saw smoke blowing  but nope  its pollen.
 i wonder if nfl players would trade playing on thursday nights for excluding marijuana from the banned substance list. @chrisharrisjr nfl
 great day to just chill on the porch   listen to music and smoke
 i want to get out of new york and be able to smoke weed in the park with my girlfriend or take naps w her either or
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
  free smoke in venice  
 i get luv out here man i dun sold coke on these streets man hash weed heroine as long as niggas is feeling it a nigg like me could hustle it
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 25222580 carroll street baltimore 
 free smoke ey
 should i do my speech over animal testing for makeup or medicinal marijuana
 @jakestrauss if i wanted to listen to someone try and sing id go to a talent show an free smoke and no long talk are literally the same song
 its amazing how many people come up to rotary and smoke weed
 baby you can come ride in my 535i we can smoke and fuck in this beamer
 it may not be as popular here but seeing someone smoke a j on street makes me like this city even more 
 if youre trying to drink andor smoke for free... vote for me 
 who tryna smoke
 free smoke  free smoke aye
 lmfao cause omm ill br a smoke cracking ass nigga 
 dabber dab oilrig @ cherry smoke shop 
 yo mcm smoke mid cuz he gone be high regardless
 with the g pen she can roll my weed  i got you chikibabys 
 first time i bought some weed i was sold
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i need some marijuana
 theres sugar in your sweet potatoes and greens too. theres hot sauce in your greens and the meat is fatback or smoked turkey necks.
 i dont smoke but this is what i imagine would happen if i ever hung with my coworkers. no thanks.  
 i just need to go home  smoke a big bowl  and sleep 
 lots of smoke but no fire yet in u.s.russia investigation 
 holy smokes 
 after i smoke this wood im curving out
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 gunna smoke a joint in the rain and bump cocoa butter kisses rn 
 but like im not gonna turn down a chance to smoke lets be honest here
 joke on you officer i have more weed in my boxers 
 jokes on you officer i have more weed in my boxers 
 @rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 pussy that taste as sweet as the weed i smoke wya  
 yooooo the police just stole my weed
 bout to smoke a blunt and get to work
 finna cook breakfast   smoke a blunt and get my day started
 i rolled up and let the smoke puff i lay down and told ya hold up  i get too chocked up when i think of old stuff
 but why did i pick the shirt that smells like weed for my interview
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 @deemoetrill i be tryna do this  but that smoke and steam and my hairlmaoooo.
 yes im a ganja planter  call me di ganja farmer  deep down inna di earth where me put di ganja  babylon come and light it up on fire
 @jklenihan5 @shicksgcs is that a rather large weed in the bunker 
 free smoke
 she know how to roll the weed good amp she a big freak 
 free smoke  free smoke
 free smokepurpp  @lilpurpp1017 
 if this dont make you smoke........... 
 drake  free smoke summed up my whole life
 lil yachty all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli  me that weed that weed 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 and the smoke of their torment will rise for ever and ever. there will be no rest day or night for those  . . . 
 @katyshudson @theellenshow @portiaderossi stupid ass william hearst supposed to use fucking hemp bitch not cotton. 
 drawn together  painters brush stroke  sleight of hand we  we wont go up in smoke. fates colliding  love undying...
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 4138 audrey ave  yard full of bulk. 
 cant wait to ride down lake shore when its like 86 at night  sunroof open and weed in the air
 1030 already smoked thats the day we on rn
 i spend  250 a week on weed.. i think imma stop smoking for a bit
 free smoke free smoke
 we will be burningtolearn a house near se 75th amp tv hwy today from 93pm. expect smoke in the area. home is slate 
 ima take a 30 smoke some weed and forget all this shit. ....
 the weed servo sent me an email to review my purchase and this dystopian cyber hell got a little to real for me in the lay
 legally cant smoke a plant that god put on this earth  but i tear my meniscus and im prescribed an opium pill that i can get addicted to.
 i dont smoke but my mama need something damn
 like she knows i smoke its obvious but still 
 after i have trenton im gone be getting high w. cory since he swear i use to not smoke w. him  .
 havent even got morning smoke in yet
 see our latest danville  va job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 my problems go up in smoke atxmalemodel photoshoot whoisteddygod kushsmoke lemonhaze 
 free smoke
 older lady sitting behind me rogue valley cannabis  thats what were known for. 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 cause everyone already smokes 
 i smoke and vibe out to the tunes. no better feeling.
 someone come through my grandmas and smoke me outtttt
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 remember the outburst of synthetic weed a couple years ago
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking
 the fatality rate for drunk driving accidents is 27x higher than accidents where someone was high on marijuana.
  everytime i smoke  u sno  it sno  
 bruh ... what the hell did he take   do   or smoke  
 free smoke free smoke
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @moderndaymoms that is true they grow like weeds gladtogive
 i wanna smoke
 @kbartleywhio @whioradio @whiotv when i smoked nazi rule. since i quit amp now realize how potent second hand smoke is. save the children
 why is tesia smoking weed in her closet tho
 @pulse1077 that they smoke ... or their age.
 i smoke 2 joints before i smoke 2 joints and then i smoke 2 more
 @d16twitt3r i agree with you theres a fire behind his smoke screen
 when dudes say smoking weed is unattractive and no man would ever want me 
 smoke my weed and mind my business
 these bitches dont want the  they wanna smoke out the dutches
 blaze up the chronic so i can get high  i promise i smoke chronic til the day that i die
 so good i had to do it again sauted eggplant and cajun smoked sausageswampgirlsgonecrazy 
 omg im so early. im tired amp have a headache. im just trying to get everything done so i can smoke 
 someone sell me some weed pls goddamn im just tryna smoke a blunt
 the more likely you are to join somethinga club or afterschool programthe less likely you are to smoke. youthengagement 2017nctoh
 the kush that i smoke will blow your lungs out 
 anyone in this thread smoke weed 
 @daninarins @kmhrt my weedman is the love of my life i can send him to u
 if anybody knows where i can get some weed dm me lol
 3rd edition of my little black book of marijuana later this year will include states legalizing since 2nd edition i 
 at this point i dont care if my room smells like weed
 i wanna smoke a jeffery
 jimmy smokes finally got one
 i smoked weed one time and now im addicted to eating drywall.
 @happyholidays89 if ur in the market for  a nu whip ill give u a sweet deal on the crv. plus i can probs get most of the weed smell out
 we are a corporate entity that owns an amount of weed
 whenever i run out of weed i just think of all the blunts i took for granted
 bout to smoke and chiil in the hammock while it rains 
 screw it. im having a smoke.
 am i the only who hates when people dont stop talking about smoking weedgetting high
 youre minds long gone  youre run down  youre all out of smoke
 @dchsfrc  handing out rrr cans to teams at smokey mountain regional. @kimberhalliburt @patrickobarnes 
 i dont smoke  cigs 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 satan doesnt tempt you bc he sees sin there. he tempts bc he sees grace there and loves to put weeds in gods beautiful garden.
 thank you dick weed 
 rolling the weed in first class
 i wanna be yo n i g g a so we can smoke weed and get high all day  u need a thug in yo life 
 i sound like a 71 year old lifetime smoker instead of a 21 year old student athlete when i walk up the park ave stairs
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 2589 west fayette street baltimore 
 whats the best part of fried chicken.. . fried chicken skin garnish going into our smoked 
 shes a silly bitchshe den hit the weed nd started laughing
 i dreamt i smoked a fatass blunt last night
 i just wanna smoke weed and sip lean by the quart
 smoking weed aint whassup no mo
 savs dog real life ate my weed last night hahahaha wtf
 a flower never blooms if it holds on to the weeds below
 i used frozen mangos and peaches  ripe bananas  and of course chia and hemp seeds  fuel your body with  
 sure ill take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 i just remembered @ my halloween party my smoke alarm went offamp rudy knocked it off my ceilingamp i know damn well its not getting replaced
 free smoke
 he dont want that smoke  chill out big fella 
 two bbq plates togo please @ smokey dembo smokehouse in mobile  al 
 so disappointed that i smoked swishers for as long as i did
 when yall gone off the weed amp henny   and he accidentally slides into the wrong hole   
 i needa smoke cuz
 i remember like 4 years ago i used to hide my weed in a little mermaid vhs lmao
 im still confused how someone can smoke 60 cigarettes everyday.
 i aint realize how many people smoke jacks until i walked thru gallery place yuck
 soooo are you going to respect this young womans hustle and give her the weed or not she aint got all day  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 3235 belmont avenue baltimore  tr 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 profdont answer this question and dont raise your hand but who has smoked pot before marthaampchris raises their hands oh you said dont
 @freeguccimane96 first time i ever bought weed i got it in one of those plastic easter eggs because it was right after easter lol
 i want whatever he smoked 
 how the fuck do i smoke as much as i do and never have a lighter available
 i just wanna smoke a blunt while watching movies 
 im responsible for your smoke
 thats the beef i been waiting for  but kendrick really dont want no smoke.
 i call myself selling weed pulling whatever i think a g out the bag 10
 these dumb niggas left their weed amp their rillos. we bouta get dumb high 
 underwater love by smoke city is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 i havent smoked in so long
 make the troph smoke free second hand smoke is a thing  make the troph smoke free second hand smoke is a thing 
 burn it down till the embers smoke on the ground and start new when your heart is an empty 
 @myriyum i hate cigarette smoke
 deadass smell weed and hair grease 
 debating if this smoke out is really worth getting out of bed...
 great weed and video games
 knowledge @ st smoke shop 
 so many people are asking me rn if i smoke cigs lol broooooooooo their my parents
 @hahabirdpumpkin too much government in our lives.  i dont smoke  but i think a smoker should be allowed to in his own car  even with kids.
 and smoke cigarettes  
 its 842 am and i almost just sent the dh up in smoke
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 whats going on nyc this huge black cloud isnt weather. its smoke. on 58th st by bridge amp building w egypt emb 
 i would have smoked some bammet ass weed with chance if we went to high school together.
 im already irritated . im finna go smoke this blunt before i kill somebody
 and dont get me started on marijuana being illegal but opiates are handed out like tylenol for a fraction of the cost of lifesaving meds
 told my weed man roll up
 word has it  twitter considering paid subscriptions. could weed out all this ridiculous far fringe leftist noise  if it happens. surrogates
 definitely smoke by the lakefront weather. 
 idk what to call myself these days. i hate texting  i quit drinking  i dont smoke  im celibate and i always wanna be left alone..
 hangout with georgethepainter this saturday for @thehorsebc @thehorsebc smoke out preparty 
 free smoke free smoke 
 once you fein for weed you gone pop pills fasho
 i get to smoke it all and your gonna pay me fuck why you acting like this is hard 
 everybody smokes bigarettes
 i need friends that are girls that smoke. asap
 pharm marijuana  dea approves syndros  a pharma cannabis solution  for schedule ii status  via @pharmaciststeve
 pharm marijuana  dea approves syndros  a pharma cannabis solution  for schedule ii status  via @pharmaciststeve
 all i wanna do today is go on a nature walk and smoke blunts
 honestly i think you should just smoke some incense and chill out
 i know that you cant walk across a bridge thats already burned  so. to breathe it in  but i dont wanna choke  on that secondhand smoke.
 vintage smokey eye 
 open today and throughout the weekend from 1100am to 630pm we look forward to helping you get your medical cannabis recommendation
 will take it out in the morning and put on the smoker and make pastrami. 23 @chefsteps @meathead @thegoodones 
 super stoked to visit a dear weedclub select members new greenhouse opening today in mendocino it will be filled 
 @juicetresdeuce imma pull up on you wit some smoke a lil later . be prepared
 can we just smoke and lay outside and listen to lydia
 about to try little cesars smoke house pizza 
 woman o a mission to find good to smoke
 perfect day to smoke a blunt outside
 bruh this weed is purple
 @juliawb i dont blame them. it sucks when you buy into an impossible narrative fully committed amp it turns out to be smoke amp mirrors...
 our house was born bad too often  it sneaks out to backyard to smoke cigarettesmake cat calls on apartment next door  tcmparty
 stash box fail goodwill finds pounds of marijuana in donated cooler...  cannabis
 i took two benadryl tabs 30 minutes ago  why do i feel like i smoked 4 blunts
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 39 i90  state fair i690 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 my sister got me to smoke with her lmao
 i smoke zero of the reefers  but i just laughed out loud at this for five minutes. reefermadness 
 @kkscanlan im still gon smoke lmao just not on a daily basis like before
 i got smoke good weed at home 
 she a silly bitch she hit the weed and then she started laughing
 when im trying to get real fucked up  i dont drink or smoke. i just pull out my chem homework.
 @siriusxm @ozzysboneyard that was a quick smoke 18 crows went a caw caw caw overhead. @kingmarliedave i saw a bear 
 the iconic authentic montreal smoked meat sandwich   onlyatdunns 90thanniversary since1927 beef brisket cured 
 ill smoke this blunt and eat by myself bc im a lose her
 @realdonaldtrump why cant marijuana become legal  tax it use money towards health care
 @pinkydink @sadeshalom  i needa b at least a month sober before i get drug tested bc i smoke too much 
 i always just smoke as many cigarettes as i can on break at work and listen to twiddle
 rolling weed is therapeutic for me.
 i wasnt born gay. i smoked weed once and boom  gay. be aware of the gay weed agenda
 john tavares. holy smokes. 10 isles.
 music and ganja ... giottos 
 i do not fw liquor at all ill smoke thats all 
 i love having friends that wana smoke a blunt and go get some food 
 the birthday boy did a lil somethin on the smoker. mowgli  our dog  helped as a taste tester. 
 real florida niggas smoke dutches or grabba leaf
 trying something new... @ smoke in wooster  oh 
 when people trying talking cannabis with me  and they are misinformed. 
 if i smoke this blunt guh im gon forget you 
 i smoked and slept all day  now im up and out 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 ill rather smoke weed then get drunk any day cant handle them hangovers man that be too much lol quotestoliveby ep pinned @sickpromo
 my head hurt now  .. i need to smoke and go to sleep . assaaaapp
 bouta smoke this dumbass blunt
 i just wanna smoke a blunt with snoop doggn
 you probably only smoked like 2 grams  
 go to bed smokey 
 i have a friend named dan and he smokes a lot of dabs
 i legit just entertained an entire crowd of mfkaz outside the club without an ounce of liquor or nanogram of weed in me
 you roll weed  bitch i roll silverware.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 ima just smoke a blunt amp go to bed
 nah foreal i am like 14 of wiz weed lifestyle
 your mind is a garden. your thoughts are the seeds. you can grow flowers or you can grow weeds.
 @realseanfintak @jwrightnova youre blowing smoke fella. repeating tired old talking points. come back when you have new ones.
 i swear i learned to relax after i got introduced to weed.. havent looked back since.
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation greenville  ms
 threw down a rack of beef ribs that i bought from carlschoicemeats onto my smoker. very pleased 
 meanwhile kids want to spend their time smoking weed  cruising in neighborhoods  chilling wthe same people that have nothing going for them
 ima smoke every nigga
 i just wanna smoke and explore the wonders of the universe dawg
 isa got me never wanting to smoke games again  honey fusion dutches is where its at i guess 
 every time im sleeping  everyone wanna blow up my phone to smoke likeeee tf 
 @jamesfflynn he emerged from a shrub and asked me if i would like to smoke drugs with him
 i stay up all night fr and take sleeping pills and smoke weed wtf
 the god damn cat spilled my weed
 bruuuuh im still not home i just wanna smoke
 need someone to smoke this blunt with me in the am 
 canadian government announcing 2018 marijuana legalization week of april 10  just wait 10 more days man.
 and it hurts too much to smoke weed or do a dab.   fuck
 im just gonna go smoke alone since everyone wanna be fake
 i want to smoke but i hate cigs and its all i got....
 im honestly tired of being in a smoke filled room. confusion
 mark my words. if illinois legalizes recreational marijuana they will also push 4 government funded mj to citizens as a basic right to ppl.
 this girl on my sc n the car smoking weed w her kids beside her. i dont judge bt i dont like when ppl do smoke anything n front of kids.
 lol they really have rehab for weed... nigga just dont smoke..
 cut out the drama and replace it with the marijuana
 they doing apartment inspections and i dead ass read the email right before i smoked thank god
 pass that weed around till i fall back
 i stopped smoking weed today.
 could drink amp smoke all day but what would my mother say different drugs for the pain but the road is the same.
 i dont smoke or drink amp i dont pop pills . 
 excuse me while i smoke this blunt in private
 @luiev @rvvxxxi @shortyybopp its a cone bruh all i gotta do is stuff it lmaoo ive smoked 16 in a 12 inch. and it smoked beautifully
 gcc is better than umass because everyone there will bum you a cig and no one here fucking smokes plus theyll yell at you for smoking
 if you smoke on campus you are the worst. save your nasty habit for a place where other people wont be forced to breathe your cancer air. 
 summit county ganjapreneur wants to expand cannabis  food and wine tours beyond colorado 
 i used to weight 220 at one point i really smoked the weight off. 
 i think im gunna stop smoking weed.
 @mikesirois whiskey weed and shrooms openingday
 im just trina lay up with my girl and smoke so backwoods amp count bandz
 i wanna smoke so bad 
 i was going to go for a nice walk before the rain hit  but it stinks too much outside. acrid coal smoke. @gasppgh @breatheproject
 i could smoke amp drink everyday but what would my mother say couldnt say much because shes used to shoot up for the pain.
 when youre just tryna smoke a blunt and the cat starts attacking a giant ass wasp thats inside your room on the window
 my homeboy aint shit . if it was a life or death situation for me to smoke id be dead right now
 lets play a fun game called who wants to smoke me out
 i could smoke amp drink everyday but what would my mother say shouldnt say much  she used to shoot up for the pain.
 @exumam i dont know this is super arcane and reeeally in the weeds for a sustainable scandal. russia hacked the el 
 i only smoke blunts if they roll propa
 why does hepner hall always smell like weed
 chevelle needs to wake her ass up. im tryna wake and bake  i know she gotta have weed lmao.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 you be dizzy when you smoke with ya mcm because he rolled up more fronto than weed 
 gonna smoke this blunt then back to work
  via @newsletter smoke amp mirrors
 blowing that smoke out fast as fuck 
 del. brett wilson of washington county re medical marijuana bill this would allow drug felons to get involved in 
 niggas smoke  
 john oliver reviews marijuana laws link the way only john oliver caneven better stoneddh  
 rollin weed in the library
 @randpaul trust me when the dust settles the smoke clears it will be proven that valerie jarrett .susan riceamperic h 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i can still smoke i never gotta stop finally found something that will really clear your system 
 everyone wants a car. even the weed man tryna cop a car
 fatal road crashes involving marijuana double after state legalizes marijuana 
 @davidfoss @larryboa @halloweenhalpin @dmcintyre1991 @brianm731 will look for the smoke
 listen to smoke  streets aint the same  by smoke np on soundcloud  500 plays deerfield 954 broward shit
 fyi tl i dont smoke so dont enter the dms offering to smoke me out but you can buy me a bottle amp ill out drink you fosho 
 whoever builds one in manchester could make a killing. weve got plenty of parking  smokers  lotto addicts  and coo 
 more bbq. @ lockhart smokehouse in dallas  tx 
 trustee johnson were going to put hempstead first. will hire @hempsteadvill residents first.
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @ericbolling ive decided on this russia spinwhere the liberals r caliming where there is smoke there is fire     its really a fog machine
 are you high right now  did you even inhale it  i heard you tried to smoke is it true  
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation brentwood  tn
 waterfall in new york city for cigar smokers  paleypark newyork nyc cigars smoker 
 abby do u know what i did in cadorado colorado jess what smoke weed abby..no  
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 if you smoke cigarettes inside your crib... you dont have to worry about me visiting. house smell like a fuqin asht 
 @keegawd @lelordmamba lol hell yea dawg smoke dat shit
 @toochillrob my friends know damn well i dont smoke
 skunk by ganja white night is fucking awesome
 having trouble getting some mondaymotivation let this sandwich talk to you the smokehouse burger at 
 today marks 1 full year that i havent smoked.... 
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli 
 i just wanna smoke weeeedd
 your the cigarette amp im the smoker
 people like rand paul and devin nunes are so easy... traitors stop with the smoke screen. 
 everytime i get some lil extra   the weed man get it 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation kingofprussia  pa
 from nbc against hillarys state dept  holy smokes    this is such a big story msm cant even hide or bury this 
 see our latest newalbany  in job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 i think my hemp wraps came in the mail. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 28332835 winchester street baltimore  send m 
 ima try to do a smokey eye tonight wish me luck
 how do you let somebody smoke cigs in your car nasty mf
 john oliver lays out alarming contradictions between state  federal marijuana laws 
 fuck being broke  i got my town by the throat  coughing up major dope  but it wasnt enough bcuz the bomb i smoke  and the fluff i snort
 wholefoodskingsbury. just outside  learn to dragonboat crf boathouse. april 9  10am. 1020 w. weed street 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 finna smoke cuz im bored 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2036 west lanvale street baltimore  send mess 
 accident blocks 2 right lanes in brookhollow on 610 w lp sb at hempstead  stop and go traffic back to hwy 290  delay of 1 min traffic
 roll that shit  light that shit  smoke that shit
 so how bout i catch a uber earlier and bruh got weedin the car talking bout .. o thats the other guys weed that he just drop off 420
 love my woman thick amp my weed strong
 they stay giving away weed in dc
 in 2014 @nytimes found even though blacks and whites use marijuana almost the same rates  blacks are 3.7 times more likely to be arrested.
 f your gengar looks like he smoked a fat blunt and is saying  gang gang
 smoke some dick suck some weed @lugoprice
 your wcw smokes like this  ...dumbass 
 hearing smokepurpp use udigg and slatt in his tracks does nothing but warm my heart. let influence prosper.
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @brianott133 @sansoresmateo @empathdubstep i have to agree  a lot of people cant mentally handle potent marijuana.
 do mcdonalds fries ever taste.... like.... weed to you
 when you go down in flames  the smoke is going to spell my name 
 adidas  united arrows mikitype cs1 titolo nmd xr1 eqt support 9317 nmd r2 olive  ds. smoke amp pet free. dm with off 
 somebody smoke with me
 @catsuitfan @psylockemodel hot. smokey black latex is so awesome.
 @autozone do you price match @walmart has got you smoked on oil pricing.. 14.52 less.. 
 @msnbc beautiful  classy  intelligent  excellent mother amp wife. obamas daughter smoking marijuana like her dad. he 
 i just gotta smoke a blunt and think about money
 nigga smoked 2 footers 
 someone come smoke me out real quick so i can sleep tight
 vape culture  id give actual money for this to be a smoke shop and a picture of their sign.
 we smoke a  down
 @realjameswoods @thedemocrats ive been calling it that  from day 1. its a total smokescreen.
 you cant trust it if your plug dont want to smoke it with you 
 he was bad. he smoked. he broke the law  he drove too fast for his own good.
 i smoke weed for the taste tf 
 off the weedzzz
 i wanna take a road trip. listen to music  smoke  all that 
 just gonna smoke fuck it
 who smokes og kush fav this
 xans straight kickin   still ball harder than scotty pippin  smoke mid pack you just be trippin
 i hope i have enough weed to last me 2 days lol 
 @kenklippenstein with weed that looks like this  pretty rough 
 @katramsland growing marijuana song  
 room smell like a weed farm 
 when you wish you could just smoke the pain away.
 i be smoking a lot of weed  to keep you bitches off my mind 
 @katramsland john oliver if an 83yearold republican has come around on marijuana  federal law should too 
 a random come smoke wit me dm at 11pm is a no go ... all these bitches gettin snatched nizz
 @morningjoe backing his buddy theorangeloony by throwing more smoke bombs at @ambassadorrice  keep your eye on the ball russiantrump
 israels medical marijuana pioneers look to cash in on 20bn market 
 @melodychicago @realdonaldtrump they look like inbred meth smokers. go figure.
 im out of weed and money and its my day off. what the hell
 so twitter if you smoke dope. smoke your dope. you drank that drank. drank that drank. fuck any1 who is focused on u rather then themselves
 hb1443 engross natalie m. laprade medical cannabis commission reform act 
 i just need a blunt lol im cranky af when i dont smoke stg 
 discernment will allow you to weed out whats not for you @ chicago ohare international airport 
 @livekelly holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 had fun racing @aznfarmtruck on streetoutlaws fastandloud on the @discovery channel  @hannahmaloof u smoked em 
 fuck you for an hour then i smoke it off
 @johnkingcnn i understand exactly what @ambassadorrice a smoke screen  u might fall for this mess  we will not  its all about russia
 i said i smoke weed
 its time to smoke.
 our taco trio is made with chefs daily smoked meat and packed with flavoronly 9 on tacotuesday  properdtsp 
 aww i took my uncle blunt... i didnt think it would have weed in it  he gon be mad when he wake up
 how much smoked salmon is too much smoked salmon asking for a friend... 
 @thatonemermaaid i started laughing and he said what pretty girls deserve free weed
 someone smoke with me
 called my mom saturday night at like 1am to ask if shes ever smoked weed so
 so allergy szn for bringing back my i just smoked 100 boags voice
 except i use the 20 to buy weed  alcohol  and cigarettes and i get lit with all my frands 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation lynchburg  tn
 omg  my heart waste of fucking weed 
 @ryancp23 i just smoke. lol and dance. try a dance move.
 finna smoke a fat wood 
 not smoke but water mist to keep down dust thats now drifting over bancroft mills as demolition continues at slo 
 medicinal cannabis discussion on the floor now wvpol
 bit aint out hea livin fo mney   i iive so i can smoke gud fo da rest of my life. faxts rastathoughts
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together..
  got the weeds all out... @ the davis abode 
 be like smoke
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i smoke some dead niggas
 cant stand you fucking poss who smoke cigs and everything while your pregnant youre whats wrong with this world. yall deserve to rot
 like 4 of my kids just said theyre going to the smokers club concert  amp i was like does ur mom know  i can call her.theyre like pls dont
 roasted turkey  applewood smoked bacon  gouda cheese and pickles we call it the flying pig tomaandchee 
 @dross3 on @dancingabc last night was pretty entertaining. it was pretty impressive... and lindsay is a complete smokeshow  gorossygo
 hit me up to buy weed from me after dumping me and hating me for smoking it haha nah lose my number loser
 smooth and a little smokey. a great outsidesitting beverage.... bishops breakfast nitro  photo
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 jammin amp blazen so dont get angry at my tweets. chill out smoke a blunt quitbeinpuss jussbroccolibro
 moroccan braised chicken  lentils amp smoked paprika. soul warming 1 pan midweek magic. recipe at 
 need weed
 this weed so good you cant smoke for free
 i got on fb and all of the idiots i went to high school with are tweeting about marijuana becoming legal. gtg.
 most black women this generation  weave  tattoos and weed heads
 accident cleared on 610 w lp nb approaching hempstead traffic 
 today i experienced my first sugar drop at work which wasnt pleasant  but its also two months smoke free for me to today
 bruh i smoke too much my sweat even smells like dank
 free smoke free smoke
 dont give a damn bout saving no weed  blow it all my nigga we can get some more
 enjoying a smoke tonight in my hot tub. 
 idk but ur pretty lame to me if all you do is drink and smoke  do something with your life boy.
 baby if you cook and roll dat weed ill be so happy witcha
 shoot he probably smoke more then that 
 gonna smoke a bowl bc i need it
 havent smoked in 4 months and i really want a blunt right now 
 who tryna smoke
 i went to a depression support group but then smoked a cig and ate mcds so it all cancelled out
 self control and self love is beautiful rn... 4 months percs and weed free and 5 months celibate. 
 ... im excited to smoke a bowl and eat a pizza after this competition 
 only sandra will ask for a smoke break during homework when she hasnt even started lol...its 1 am
 tolerance is solo still smoke a whole gar
 bout to smoke a blunt get some burritos yuh
 potent dope smoke  
 20170420 seattle  wa  united states cuccis spooky weed  
 s1072 new relative to marijuana research  data collection  and best practices 
 she rollin weed and she dont even smoke
 we can no longer be afraid....as i sit and smoke this blunt on the 
 lets smoke one 
 he has here and there jobs. still lives with his mom. smokes weed every second of the day but has no goals and want a stay down bitch
 i wonder if kc is pushing to legalize marijuana after this vote
 see our latest harrisburg  pa job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 bout just sit back and smoke my crack
 i cant stop sneezing. either my allergies are screwing with me  the smell of weed in 35 or brittany got me sick.
 was about to throw all his shit out the window. liquor  weed  shoes  brush
 i just sit back and smoke my weed  naw aint shit sweet
 @therickwilson dont buy the soap just yet. its a smoke screen  bannon will continue 2b most influential person in 
 macncheese with smoked salmon was dinner last night. oregoncoast outdooradventure @ oregon 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 whos relatively close by and wants to smoke a blunt or two with yours truly 
 just heard a commercial on the spanish radio that marijuana gives you brain damage  lol
 4.20.17 | 711pm | private smoke club episode 3 | more details on the way | hit me or anyone i 
 i wanna smoke a mild 
 @charlesarthur i assume youre joking about climate change.  basically  wout getting too deep in the weeds  the 
 im throwing a smoke fest for 420  hmu for details 
 free smoke  free smoooookeeeee  cancel your 420 plans  not gone wanna miss this one  
 jts smokehouse opening soon in leaguecity  tx.  bbq houston localartist art mural rickyortiz rickyortizarts 
 the susan rice accusation is more smoke by trump.  lets hear about the russian connection  and its connection with the trump associates
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 good morning quick smoke sesh to say hello make today worth living cannainformative vibeon 
 havent meet one nigga that smoke weed that wasnt lame.  
 told the doctor imma healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 smelly sweaty stinky overweight huffing amp puffing pudgy finger people eat less dont smoke wash after going to powder room
 im friends with a bunch of non smokers so when i do smoke they be looking at me cross eyed nshit
 i really just want to smoke a cig
 smoke good weed w a bad bitch
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 friends hit me up tomorrow  lets smoke and watch movies at my crib
 songs for your next sesh @magneticmag asked me what i listen to while consuming cannabis. five of my fave jams 
 wax pens r cool      but i like to roll upp weed .
 i think its a smoke move trying to get butler to sign the tender... but if they get sherman and gilmore.. 
 lol weed 
 if you smoke cigarettes brush your teeth and rise.
 long ago i wanted to make my own weed village where others less a. real euro cafe old style n good food thru weed n lots more thru friends
 breaking tsa flipflops on medical cannabis | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 all she wanna do is smoke blunts watch netflix and fuck amp im fine w that
 come to my crib we can spark nd get lifted  go up in smoke just like im a magician.
 did you happen to miss our webinar on medical cannabis   check it out here    via @youtube
 @itsforsale i am not sure why you followed me but thank you for the follow and thank you for supporting cannabis families
 im just doing what i do  smoking weed with a brew
 im just tryna get a cut  smoke ls amp record this song. sorry mikey
 when you take a nap after you smoke and you wake up at 4 in the afternoon knowing damn well you gotta be up in 12 hours for work.
 always bout smoking weed   or how they used to hoe back in the day   or how they was a superstar in every sport bac 
 chances are if i see a bag of weed casually chillin  im taking it.
 okay but why do i get peer pressured so much to smoke... like people im a goodie two shoes 
 bro  chill out  drink some hennessy  smoke a blunt  itll be okay  gas always goes up this time of year it just is 
 i got to smoke some weed cuz girl you drive me crazy 
 i wanna smoke an extendooooo
 as smokepurpp once said wokhardt
 i just want to smoke with all of you  spread love and positivity. we all need it.  if your an 
 do all the chill niggas smoke weed
 i wanna smoke a bunt
 i wanna smoke a blunt but i need this money for cali 
 i wish i could still smoke every day all day not having nothing to do lol
 over a dime of weed...mans got this angry over a dime bag fam i cant believe this 
 remember i used to smoke to this song and go film when i used to go skate 
 @toucherandrich k2 is synthetic marijuana. its what jones was smoking when he was naked at the police station.
 crack would be so much better than smoking weed omfg i hate white boys
 tbt this past weekend pulled out blue for the first smoke session of 2017 smokedchickens 
 i had a stupid raghead pulling a reefer cut me off right in front of a chp. he did absolutely nothing. most worthless bunch ive ever seen.
 the only thing im thinking bout is how to sneak in smokey sibling wen i adopt...cuz tucking him in my shirt like i did with smokey wont work
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 so now i know what all this smoke here is about. everglades holiday park now being evacuated. this bears watching c 
 so now i know what all this smoke here is about. everglades holiday park now being evacuated. this bears watching c 
 all i wanna do is smoke amp eat
 today my mom is making me pull weeds with her but i want to go home and play persona 
 i left florida to come to indy last night amp i brought weed in my suitcase w me amp i actually got through w it 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 ion smoke to be cute i smoke to get high lmao 
 @poppamwarbux thanks papa. gonna cop a mickeys smoke a blunt and laff
 gurella glue they best strand of weed out here...everything else swag
 lil pump and smokepurpp will blow up dont @ me
 sessions has so far ignored his request for a meeting to discuss marijuana issues. 
 heres what u need to understand they have grilled cheese smoked bacon and tomato soup dumplings and i need that in my life yo
 thank u @repblumenauer for fighting stupid hemp  cannabis bans. congress cannabiscaucus @votehemp @dcmj2014 
 i was rolling up and now i dont see my weed lmaooo
 thingsiwontapologizefor saying smoking is fucking gross amp i dont feel sorry for the smokers who suffer before death abovetheinfluence
 i just wanna smoke till i pass out .
 she decided to love. she decided to make pomaceous pie. yes she knelt to her oven. smoke 
 happy birthday to my favorite fucking dj for a female i think she will smoke all ya other niggas no pun @djnellybaby southbronx woke
 gym workout this morning. spring cleanup of lawnmower  including oil change. sprayed weed killer. dinner tonight at oneils.
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 never forget at nelsons ed was breaking the weed up with his teeth
 rainy day activity @garviespoint smoked porter @ june wine bar 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 300 south norris street baltimore  send messa 
 someone tell me why a 15 year old that stays home from school to smoke all week is telling me to grow up
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i smoked a whole oxtail. look how its falling if the bone. with mushroom  carrot noodles and 
 you have to be kidding me  weeds already 
 dudes sell a lil weed and think they pablo escobar  fakeflexing
 i smoke blunts and rock designer in all my pictures.
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 im a wine conasewer. only the best wine with my bbq.  @ wildwood smokehouse 
 @kathleenwynne i dont know what the ont. gov. is thinking about legalising marijuana but in my opinion the way that lcbo works  is fine.
 me with no money is like a stoner wit no weed . wonthappen
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 hickory smoked chicken wings coming off the pit @ fox bros barbq 
 clear sky gt smoke temperature up 63f gt 73f humidity down 63 gt 23 wind 9mph gt 15mph
 @lovelyleshell shit pretty good amp she right down the street  ampampampampamp replys with the quickness  her ass a super weed seller
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 im bout to smoke and ktfo 
 weed n sweets b ex lax baby lol dehydrates  feel like a weed needs water gotta drink a lot of water if smoking a shot b for cough cant hack
 @cnn is harley renaming the fat boy  as the humpty dumpty trumpty  model. its loud and yellow gets terrible mileage and smokes. suits him
 vc pub health officer robert levin say oral marijuana can help w nausea from chemo. marijuanaforum
 massapequa high school just finished up a temporary evacuation for a smoke alarm.  all set  back to learning  all good
 i hate when people say smoking weed is bad  aint shit wrong with it all .. yo body be relaxed and stressed free
 i got alotta women thats really down for me  need a bad one ask when im rolling my weed
 .@joenbc smoke amp mirrors 2 cover 4 relaxing sanctions on russia hours after swearing in sos who crafted exon russian oil deal who owns 19
 meditation  conversation amp a lil marijuana.
 effects of marijuana use on thyroid function and autoimmunity are unknown. marijuana use was not associated with th 
 it feel so good outside im bout to smoke this blunt and vibe to this dolph
 @sneakyjoseph smoke 
 i fw backwoods heavy but i will not front i smoke dutches too but i wont buy em  
 @allirae3 i want all the smoke
 riding round with my main bitch. she got her own weed  she stay blunted.
 today in philosophy a guy pulls out his vaporizer and smokes... the whole room smells like weed and my teacher said 
 ready to hit up this weed store
 keelin been smoking my weed while im sleep in the morning and im pissed bc he always be saving his weed but be going through mine.
 how i feel when people smoke cigarettes around me 
 questions about marijuana drug counselors answering questions until 630. gtgtgt336 6801000 
 who in new orleans tryna smoke 
 havent smoked in 4 weeks  gonna pass this drug test with flying colors 
 when you gotta turn down a smoke sesh cause youre sick as fuck 
 that just put me in the worst fucking mood ever i need to smoke
 40s taste like weed
 why is it that the girls i want to talk to want to fuck with these ugly no ambition weed smoking baby momma having ass niggas 
 ill smoke with him 
 i smoked weed
 @aaronmesh it says several hundred daycare centers.  didnt do criminal background checks. missing smoke detectors and more minor offenses.
 got to see the end of this one after class.   that tally in the 9th for cbu was no cheap shot. that ball was smoked 
 i dont smoke but i could use a dutchie rn
 my room smells like weed now
 taking a break from the weed
 about to smoke a face and get ready for bed 
 i like exhaling great cannabis as im sipping great whiskey. the flavor is awesome.
 dont smoke kush its 
 he can smoke with another bitch after he drop me off like wtf
 tint man tinted this x6 with llumar ceramic ctx 50 tint on top of the factory smoked rear windows to equal 15. 
 @ladyinlatex  @reflectivelatex looks so hot in smokey black latex
 new menu item alert super nova feat. smoked salmon  pastureraised eggs  veggie cream 
 all im really going for in life is good beats and good weed
 tragic no  ill pass. i love that episode of threes company. instead come over and smoke the real stuff with me 
 can i just be @jillvanmeterr  jesus lord shes a smokebomb
 see our latest columbus  ga job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   birmingham  al
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   dover  oh
 this how hard this weed hit me 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   transportation loretto  pa
 no  it doesnt bother me at all. mommy smokes in front of me everyday and i just be sitting there like nothing lol 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   transportation atlanta  ga
 since when has love become such a bad thing hating weeds amp loving flowers is a bad observation when it comes to 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1624 s charles st  send message.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2100 w franklin st  send message.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1447 lowman st  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 203 south gilmor street baltimore  send message.
 free smoke..anybody want it  lets go
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 2224 harford rd  trash on sidewalk.
 @emmonspired worry not son its a smoke screen
 my house is lit with the smell of weed 
 philadelphias public housing residents are breathing in less secondhand smoke since a  2015 @drexelpubhealth 
 @nytimes  they came after the muslims and i said nothing. then the press   nothing. then they came after my med. marijuana card. fascists
 did someone just ask me if i was on marijuana... definitely not
 when burkhardt has smoke coming out of it .. so you dont have class all day. 
 somebody in my class smells like kitty litter  smoke  and taint ass. like whats wrong with yall  my nasal cavity is disturbed.
 at mac demarco its basically gonna be sponsored by marlboro and im the only one that doesnt smoke
 who can resist todays lunch special applewood smoked pork loin with roasted sweet peppers  
 i like good weed   i like bad bitches that can roll it up 
 sometimes you just gotta smoke a blunt and forget all the bs 
 i wish i lived in a weed farm or something
 @ayelibs you are a smoke show
 i smoke thats it all the other shit is for the birds 
 im becoming a weed snob again amp i love it haha
 update incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 41 i90  waterloo...httpst.coogeysmsbu7
 everything you always wanted to know about the cannabis industry but were afraid to ask ft. @scveterans      
 my uncle has weed coconut water.  today cant get better.
 cant wait to be that rich either lol. pizza man still only getting 20. but he can hit da weed doe 
 im gonna finesse home dude out of his weed just wait
 marshall ms has evacuated due to a report of suspected smoke. olympia fire department has responded to the school. stay tuned for updates.
 im like u dont know what weed looks like she goes it was green its not usually green like that okay im just gonna walk the fuck away
 disclaimer my dude jorge doesnt smoke. he is only 9 months old
 when ppl hmu for weed and then just stop replying i hate yall
 i got smoke in my eye and ruined my eyeliner 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   martel  oh
 finna smoke then take a nap  imma grumpy ass nigga today
 you smoke him every time jorge i remembah 
 i dont know why they are giving you a hard time. you already spelled out alternative facts.nice smokescreen by the 
 this plant has been subjected to abuncha bullshit @dashdiva oncecloseted corp. stoner leading marijuanas march to mainstream womengrow
 @shelbyjoelong he only smokes when he drinks..........
 this nigga talm bout how you from chicago and aint smoked wax. im like what
 i love walking behind people smoking cigarettes   bc then i get to smoke too without having to buy cigarettes   i love it
 yall got hella weed but no money. cant even fully feed ya munchies. cant relate.
 okay so what i gathered from reading this is that you can smoke amp fuck at the same time amp its healthy or some shit 
 ....cuz you cant smoke for free
 @creepingsharia @businessinsider yeah  theres a smokescreen in this somewhere...wait till it clears and see what rears its head.
 yo we literally smoked all day 
 4am weedmans are rare
 thinking about slowing down with how much i smoke   well see how that goes once i feel stressed.
 i am a nurse practitioner doing medical marijuana certifications for card. register online.get card in 1 week @columbiacare @vireohealthny
 i need to invest into a hammock so i can chill and smoke on our sunny daze
 current roll up session 420 moonrocks most potent weed on earth bout to fire  up in 
 calling it early. who wants to be my smoke sesh buddy
 chase is wont let me roll are wood.... so bout to go smoke this shell i guess 
 my momma need to hurry up and come get on this pallet and lay down  trynna be slick and go smoke
 im so hurt because all i wanna do rn is smoke a blunt but i live in dry ass lemoore where the connects dont like to make shmoney so 
 free political satire why is hemp prohibited and nuclear is promoted 
 bbqribs applessmokeybones @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  colonie  ny 
 @sweetemmilyn @ksouth4trump @lesinbullhead @jercars1964 @pjbowles @mitchellvii ya it was like smoke and mirrors
 one of jesikas neighbors came and smoked us out last night cause we talked to him while he was walking his dog at 230 am 
 find someone with morals  goals  gets their shit done but will smoke a blunt with you before bed 
 i got all the weed 
 if migos doesnt perform st halftime then its a smoke break
 you can smoke on the terrace at nrg stadium texas owns
 im about to smoke a blunt fuck the bullshit
 finna go smoke amp make beats looks at location 
 king of smoke and mirrors has met his match theresistance keep his fraud and crimes front and center. 
 i dont like the way weeds ended  wheres celia hodes
 i feel like we didnt get enough time to appreciate the edelmancatch in the moment. holy smokes
 i gotta smoke before i go to sleep when i wake up before i eat.. lol shit sad 
 cooking dinner  me to the smoke alarm you shut your whore mouth.  im done with winter already
 smoke weed   get high   lifes legit
 sure i take a more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now.
 drinking a weedwacker by @saintarnold @ flying saucer draught emporium   photo
 @oolonging weed bomb
 i just smoked for the first time in like idk a year
 i wanna smoke and eat a 10pc
 na foreal though im fuccin my future chic in a fur coat while next to a fire place with the smell of sweet sweet ganja
 i smoke bowls outside of henrys house for fun
 i dont smoke weed to escape reality  i smoke weed to enjoy reality even more.
 this is the second night in a row that i smoke at exactly 12 lmao
 trying to not drink alcohol or smoke weed and drink nothing but water for a month  made it 4 days so far
 lj  i can tell you dont smoke cigarettes because of the sweater youre wearing..
 it smells like weed on the bus 
 dont smoke to escape reality  smoke to make it bearable.
 sometimes i forget how strongly tied anxiety and nausea are for me. thank goodness for cannabis.
 the day i smoke a blunt on the balcony of my own home   i might shed a tear because i know i finally made it
 coming up at 955 on wbz  a superbowl poem holy smokes  ma  im goin to bedthe new england patriots are deader than dead.
 i smoke weed for breakfast
 @katepurchase so you like to bully brietbart.  can you do the same to @justintrudeau for his electoral reform lie or marijuana lie 
 got someone to smoke for their first time last night  im so proud
 if you see smoke thats our section
 opened report via iphone at 15 gartland st  jamaica plain  please remove weeds growing on s 
 the only thing not in walking distance from apartment is a weed shop and that needs to be remedied immediately seattle cannabis legalweed
 will smoke out 4 braids
 i need to smoke 
 i present you with my amazing method  i just made up how to smoke keef 
 yall wtf is this  meanwhile you got poc going to jail for a little weed  this is trash i hate white privileged 
 you can quit smoking. smoke free philly is here to support you along the way. visit  
 i dont understand why cigarette smokers think its okay to just throw their cigarette butts anywhere they please 
 anyone that smokes cigarettes is disgusting period. 
 this really need to say ok  but weed first  
 baby got this weed cause it might calm you down
 @spindaclouds thats cause you be stuffing a qt in that ho with a smile on your face. great for the efficient smoker tho.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4604 liberty heights avenue baltimore  violation notice outstanding.
 ordered this shirt from a company in nyc amp they sent me a pack of rolling papers with it lol  i dont even smoke.
 when the person you always smoke wit decides not to smoke wit you at yo birthday party lmao 
 i need to smoke with a female tonight
 i dont buy clothes when im in dc i only buy weed and food
 i need to smoke. i really hate being sober.
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 kyrie just killed john wall with that crossover. holy smokes.
 whos trying to see ganja white night at concord tho
 lets smoke a blunt..... or 5
 im having a big ass smoke session at my house on wednesday
 im so pissed rn i cant feel the smoke coming out my ears
 softenabadguy  pol weed  @midnight
 i just need some ganja and to hit the gym 
 holy smokes im listening to pull the trigger by russ right now 
 never mix your liquor and weed lol
 so who wants to smoke yano i got that  
 i like smoking weed i like gettin fly
 them you smoke to much  me 
 everybody smokes weed now   if you still judging that then you a square ass individual lol
 airing the smoke out my window sayin yeah dat way
 like this if i should steal this girls weed cookies before i leave her house
 didnt think ill be this tight before bed... i need some fucking weed
 its no way im eating the  of a woman who smoke blacks.
 i didnt smoke enough weed to be as high as i was yesterday 
 smoking good weed w a bad bitch
 dese weed smoking hours
 friends that come over amp smoke you out after studying deserve just everything 
 that bit was smoked out when they walked in there all i could do is laugh
 i just want to smoke this blunt amp watch shameless till i fall asleep
 homebody started out with that boring ass ride my face while you smoke then wrote a zane book... lawd 
 got my slides on the wrong feet. gonna rock it to the deck for a piss and a smoke
 i dont smoke kush but for some reason  im hella fascinated by weed culture
 whats collecting in the bottom of my grinder currently so i can smoke it 
 roll my weed for me baby.
 why do yall rt a white girl with blue eyes who does nothing but bold brows and a smokey eye while there is actually talent out there
 about to start sending iris smoke signals or something
 no stressing no nota im weeding 
 bed mellike allis weed
 just more smoke and mirrors... for the most part  all attacks of any magnitude were reported.  
 so smoke this kk kush and watch finding dory 
 @williamw1997 come smoke a cig with me pls
 all i need now is for chance to put out a smoke break video and its lit 
 high off the weed low eyes no visine
 the sun rises at 724  best believe im waking v up and we gonna smoke this blunt and watch the sun rise 
 @lonilove @remyma @keyshiacole and @andykindler stops by with cooking tips weed jewish humor yelling
 about to be me when i eat this weed brownie for the first time 
 yall just share the weed
 dont pass me no regular   ill turn it down  all i smoke is loud 
 @jackiehollywood im gonna pretend you smoked whatever my friend smoked this morning when he sent me ten texts and thought is was cool.
 bruh stop wasting weed on snapchat. stop tryna be public potheads.
 when you smoke with a non smoker  
 man im in a mood all i wanna do is smoke a blunt and isolate myself 
 dont say youd smoke dk unless youre actually going to do it 
 people be talking like weed has a age on it. damn if you dont smoke.. cool stfu
 ive been wanting to get the other side of my ribs done...........but iont want no smoke
 sorry  but revving your engine amp blowing smoke in my direction will not impress me  neither will your high class white trash bumper sticker.
 never trust anyone that smoke the blunt till this size 
 does one homework assignment lays in bed smoking weed for the next 6 hours ive earned this
 cant smoke no black and mild wit me 
 is this guys tinder pic really a giant bag of weed 
 watch soon as i leave the crib somebody going hit me up for some weed 
 ima eat some cereal before i smoke cause i really want some
 its not hard for me to find weed anywhere i stay in dallas n found weed in arizona lol 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 all yall smoke mid 
 @mikeisaac was the salmon grilled or smoked
 when you just faced a blunt and your homie comes thru and says wanna smoke 
 @kfile i like to imagine he emerged dramatically from a trapdoor in the senate floor cue smoke machines
 education.  up in smoke.  educationsecretary devoshearing devosblackout
 i want smoke yall gone apologize facts stupid ass bitches 
 @potus @seanspicer marijuana wont go away lets not destroy family over a non violent recreation drug  that has amazing benefits  tax it
 why do my fries taste like weed
 @jactrilla  same almost as good as weed  
 my professor has spent 3 of our 4 classes so far talking about the legalization of marijuana and its benefits..
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 its about to be nomore weed for the plug lmfao
 @irunoncrown smoke sumn  go to a new state soon as i fuck em
 @jasmincoronado na bitch i hyu saying lets smoke so you can fire me up
 @awudrick @bankstodd only a  a hippie in california would invent something they did not need  unless was for flattening weed  originally
 hit the weed it might calm you down 
 meanwhile in house agriculture  another attempt to update the ks noxious weed act is underway. ksleg
 @refugeejesus @democrat4trump @anncoulter @teamtrump unfortunately we need extreme vetting to weed out radicals who plan to infiltrate.
 i cant eat all my food but can smoke a whole hookah smh 
 @stoobsdeer ugh cigars. i smoked one once with my cousin and my clothes reeked after. so yeah  gross.
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 what happens when you drink an entire bottle of weed lube  via @broadly
 i need some weed
 fort collins come tru ill smoke you out in exchange for good vibes
 couple that smokes weed together stays together 
 my brother just told me he wants to smoke weed now 
 @w4djt @realdonaldtrump @anncoulter @robertjohndavi @tuckercarlson did they ban her from smoke signals
 letting him smoke weed and taking him to the strip club 
 who wants weed for ten a g
 i dont smoke  i dont drink. i dont cuss. i dont get horny. i dont eat. 
 i want to fucking smoke
 does everybody smoke 
 gun smoke yellow tape here  niggas get killed broad day here
 i want a blunt so i can take all the pain away but i dont even smoke nomo
 ima healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 watching santaclaritadiet. its like weeds meets zombies. @timothyolyphant is amazing in it.
 okay but real talk  i truly dont understand why weed is so frowned upon 
 you probably think you can snort weed 
 if youre not watching santaclaritadiet youre missing out. weeds meets zombies. @netflix is slaying it.
 im gonna cut way tf down on smoking. i smoked way too much tonight and felt borderline braindead amp anxious. not fun
 shoulda hit me today shit i smoked had me loaded for like 8 hours 
 @foreveroceona i wanted her to stay my friend. homegirl aint want no smoke so she blocked  amp they gone fake it til they make it cus
 when i read edible i thought it was weed cookie dough  
 hype af pretty much that song played after i decided i wanted to stay clear from weed amp alcohol as well as be celibate for a year.. lit
 someone smoke w me rn  i have an oz 
 who you think taught you to smoke trees
 this all i wanna do.... smoke a joint with starlito and my life complete  
 check it indie hemp blog  
 why would you smoke a cigarette on your way to do yoga inhaleforestfire
 i want a bouquet of weed for valentines day
 you dont want no smoke  you dont want no cancer 
 all i smoke is killer
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 @whoiswynton nigs was trash lol he aint even get back on d cause he knew they was gone smoke 
 holy smokes once i start looking at that fries emoji i cant take my eyes of it.
 official mccaskey girls are 2seed and hempfield girls are 3seed  based on power rankings. they finished tied for 2nd. llsports
 on the xans vibin  i just float. ask me how im flyin  i just smoke. ask me how i got it  i dont know. 
 i once watched @dmncdlq smoke a bundle of cigarettes simultaneously like rihannas trash boyfriend in the we found 
 who smokes weed 
 ik  wish weed was too 
 ashley kilroy medical marijuana patients can have up to two ounces on them. is that okay to allow for social use
 delivering grass and weed samples for the turfbowl. best looking set yet imo. gis17 @jbunruh @ufturfteam 
 close the curtains lets smoke in da ghost
 imma sip it til i feel it  imma smoke it til its done @ daytona 
 gotta junky who smoke yu fa a pak of cools 
 when i use to smoke i use to love listening to new music when i was high. now i listen to new music when im doing my make up lol
 gotta junky who would smoke yu fa a pak of cools 
 im trying to go smoke outside and my mom got all these people here working on the house 
 aye we could dead ass smoke and find something to do 
 i tried racing a car up the valley  looked over and it was my professor. he waved and then smoked me
 been making a lot of new music... and smoking a lot of good weed.. 
 love when freshman pretend to smoke their fries
 @redsteeze @jasonintheh the lib smoke screen these people not rational pinhead all
 bro im so tired of these part time weed mans
 since moving to dtla ive given away more cigarettes than ive smoked. stoptryingtokillyourselves
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   mobile  al
 its not that i only smoke woods... i only roll woods 
 come visit our new vendor @nuhniblanketco  hemp products for your little ones and your home 
 your mcm likes to smoke roachies
 is weed legal in florida asking for a friend 
 all this loud might as well smoke it all... then fuck
 happy birthday to my nigga smoke smoke dza. @smokedza  @nyknicks @ harlem tavern 
 @natureofthings7 distraction from insnity of the laced reefer.
 smokey was once neighbor bobbys cat. when bobby was evicted he couldnt take him  so smokey is now my cuddle buddy. 
 @jasonpinter if you do go then weed or beer
 bout to go smoke on the lake its beautiful today
 pay attention voters. these are the vermin that need to be weeded out of @gop 
 todays mandatory church chapel topic what does the bible say about marijuana 
 hope everyone is having a good morning  if not smoke a muh fuckn dicc  
 im finna jus smoke and chill cause i will spazz out and be a person im not . goodnight
 work call...colleague girl  drink yourself some tea. you sound like a chain smoker. meif you had our refs last night  you would too.
 dars my favourite chick to hangout with cause whenever were together we just smoke joints  drink herbal teas amp vibe with each other
 when you forget the weed in your pocket so the whole class smells like weed
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @lipstickjunkie| i sold weed for two years. dont tell me what i cant do especially when you shop in the womens section.
 @kamalaharris yup @wendydavis persisted and got smoked in an election against a fast more qualified candidate.
 she dont want no smoke with megan brown tho 
 she let me hide my weed in her titties
 throw 5 smoke a dub
 my plug gay oh well at least my weed fire 
 cleared construction on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 i smoke a blunt everyday to take the pain away.
 i hate a it smell like weed ass mf 
 restaurant night 2nite strip steak  salmon  crab carbonara  marinated portobello mushroom  and smoked bbq chicken
 a happy reminder of my daddy southerngirl friedpie memories @ burges hickory smoked turkeys 
 who in denver tryna smoke something when i get off work
 one lil dude told me houston have all the good weed he glad to give me his money  was so dead man like
 jeffsessions gt kkk was okay until i found out they smoked pot 3141986
 i just wanna smoke in this beautiful weather 
 .@carioneil3 no medical marijuana in va. if u possess more than 12 ounce u get charged with felony.
 anyone wanna smoke some pot
 im just trynna smoke with my roommates 
 nbc news just ran a story about medical marijuana  and chuck henry called it weed. sounded so akward i havent stopped laughing.
 she rolling weed and she dont even smoke
 dont like to smoke them swishers hoe 
 i dont smoke cigs 
 business card holder custom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 i smell like dennys  calvin klein euphoric collagen  and weed.
 @prayingmedic @brooksrosa   same as  mindset as i did not inhale. looks like @brooksrosa either has a smoke n mirror kit ready 2 employ.
 who wan smoke
 lmao dude you smoke white owl blacks and drink robitussin straight out the bottle 
 someone come smoke w ya bishhhhh 
 i dont even smoke
 you got knocked the fuck out man in the smokey voice from friday 
 got them boots smoked 
 it be that weed 
 words to the contrary its all lies  smoke and mirrors. its all the trump family knows how to do @ivankatrump 
 no work and no class today holy shit i am going to smoke so much weed constantly all day
 @polioptics ya think hes trying to send smoke signals for help maybe someone in a red cape should swoop in from time to time...or not.
 lockhart smokehouse announced for texas live in arlington 
 @wsj free ebook a marijuana mystery set in mendocino. 
 put my feet up  smoke reefah
 im starting to believe weed is just or almost as bad as crack
 @realdonaldtrump decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research 
 @thekevindent @thekevinator33 so if you read bio what he is saying. is he dont work and sits around smoking weed and playing video games
 im so happy im a smoker and not a drinker. i can hold my own  but i just thinking smoking is waaaaay better
 me and my niggas use to come in parties with bottles on deck and a shit load of weed and make that shit are party
 better not be weed dealers 
 @danaperino decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same 
 @tjmommyy dont remind me his stupid ass was hiding he smoked for 2 years.
 send help the guy next to me in philosophy smoked way too much pot this morning and tried to cover it up with cheap cologne i cant breathe
 @librarycongress @smokeyrobinson @pbs smokey
 a snow day with no weed is lame not gonna lie
 new bucket list item smoke a fat ass blunt with @berniesanders
 wow its legitimately so corny how my friends only like to hang amp chill with me if weed is involved like
 selling weed aint for everybody
 @corthekid i dont smoke anymore
 @hightimesmag @norstackk @watchcut many years ago when i ask my mother if she had ever smoke pot her reply was  not yet  she was 80.
 @howardupton1 @chelseahandler calling pot smokers bad people is unamerican.  go choke on your alky and pills  rednecktard.
 @sanjaygupta decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   transportation beckley  wv
 when people come to class and reek of cigarette smoke...  occc gross
 im over this cold as weather and this wind. im ready to smoke a blunt and climb the fuck back into bed.
 i cant wait for the day im able to smoke a blunt in my bed
 limes and weed dont knock it til youve tried it. 
 i love weed it makes my busted ass feel less like a busted ass
 @heartbreakveezy smoke sumn
 aint got shit else to do but smoke in the crib
 anyone wanna come over  build an igloo with me  and then smoke some weed in it
 ya girl smokes way too much but thats okay bc im taking a little break starting monday
 @theiilesttrave lmao you wont smoke with me at school lol
 im so mad i was going to smoke before class and then my fucken pipe broke 
 i never smoke dutches uh i dont care what when where how we smoke weed is weed to me ima get high either way lmao
 @steadybloggin listened to hegelian dialectic this am  have been inserting you ever think about that on weed in conversations ever since
 @dhsgov ask the wh to rescind eo. if there is a major threat  strenghten the vetting process to weed out terrorists.
 finally smoke time
 lets smoke a blunt or two
 dnt want no negativity in da airi jus want gaz smoke in da air apg gforglobal @ miami 
 brisket  chedder  smoked mozzarella  egg. well worth a snow trek. asburypark pizza medusaap @ 
 constant battle of not wanting to get out of bed and wanting to smoke
 @montelwilliams thank you for your  activism and upcoming lifetime achievement award. the cannabis movement apprec 
 i sound like im a heavy smoker every time i wake up
 great performance by the rhythm amp roses tonight @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 free smoke on @crosbythegoat
 grab a bag  jus to smoke and sell to yo buddys 
 now im falling asleep.. and shes calling a cab... while hes having a smoke and shes taking a drag  now theyre going to bed...
 baby hit this weed cuz it might calm you down
 fucc it ima smoke these roaches
 in need of a smoke sesh  
 i wanna know how much weed bill walton smokes before he calls college basketball games.
 big tanks at wicked weed asheville ashevillenc @wickedweedbeer nc northcarolina craftbeer 
 i have to go back to hemphill tomorrow bc i forgot to put my money in the bank and my stuff is due tomorrow lolololol
 i was in the car w my dad amp my sister amp some guy walks to the window amp was like do you have a couple of dollars...how about some weed 
 bernie would have gotten smoked. his skeletons are horrifying. 
 @miguelbibanco the story of how i discovered marijuana is a charming one
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 i just listened to my mom yell @imjustdaanii and tyler not to do drugs then say ok well dont smoke it in the car 
 @yasmeer16 yet i never smoke  lmao this is rare.
 bout to get a weed brownie
 the hunt is on introducing our new free poutine friday all you have to do is find smoke and 
 its really just me when the smoke clears.
 if you were honored to smoke any of my bongs. you know.
 @skeletim vesperia had a wolf that smoked a pipe  i didnt really have a point to make here  but your tweets reminded me about that
 i wanna smoke and watch shamless
 shiet abcs im not gettin smoked 
 bruh me amp duh fam smoke so muxh we done smoke bout a quarter mill worth of gas i jus kno it prolly more
 so today i decided im ganna stop smoking weed for awhile  i cant fuck around when im trying to get a good paying job.
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   transportation athens  oh
 1 month till my birthday. ill be celebrating 3 years 100 sober and free.  no booze  syrups  weed  or any other mind altering substance
 see our latest brentwood  tn job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 sugarfire smokehouse  sweet baby cheesus 
 dont know why niggas use cologne after they smoke   only makes it worse
 i used to think people who smoked cigarettes were doing it cause they were cold my teacher 
 yall niggas be entirely too serious when yall say yall tryna smoke a dutch 
 theres a guy in this tsa line wearing an innout shirt and someone else who smells like weed. im definitely back in california.
 @trillkontrol okay. and youre a weed head 
 possibly going to choke to death on smoke...luckily i took my inhaler this morning
 i smoke greeeeeeen you smoke brown
 fridays vault ronnie bertino in plan bs second hand smoke  1994  
 @emshroooms a pipe or a bong. they get me higher with less weed
 how are these people so content with smelling like cigs  bo  and weed
  @ weedsport  new york 
 one day me and mr key are gonna smoke 7 blunts
 if you smoke and you post on your snap story  make sure you inhale you look ridiculous
 she was just smoking wit me the other day too and she voted for it to b legalized cause she said when she smoked her thumb felt better.
 i made that song so yall can twerk n smoke weed to it so go be bad when you listen to my shit dont be doing no wholesome shit to this song
 @905habsfan you are telling me  the closest is smokes in the gta
 im over today... need a smoke and a drank
 somebody pls bring me weed bro 
 you cant smoke away two assault charges
 smoking alll that weed be having me eat all day im get bigg asf 
 @roguepotusstaff i guess he thinks the compliments mean the pm is some easy d. my guess pm is blowing smoke on purpose.
 some of that smoke n chill music by ya boi ym. 
 in a 3 or 4 month time frame i attempted approximately 3 times to smoke and discovered that its not my thing anymore
 @amazinglegs im blowed rn. and i only smoked half of it.
 fuck outta here with that deep rap im just tryna smoke this blunt and wild out to some ignorant shit
 i miss my smokey
 smoking dank ass weed and listening to techno at 8am ftw 
 like im offended. you have a joblife that allows you to smoke and youre over here puffing blunts like its a cigarette
 rollin up the weed while i count the cake
 we are smokin some salmon in our low temp cook and hold smoker oven come stop by fwebooth2828 to learn more abo 
 but why he had to smoke him like that  
 mama told me  not to smoke purp
 @shank1000 @certifiedjarvy they didnt want no smoke man
 i wanna smoke sum weed and fukk a gay nigga n his butthole
 see our latest augusta  ga job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 beautiful day to play and smoke.....and drink with your crew golf shank rockypatel sungrown 
 duval county physicians struggle with confusing medical marijuana laws as access slows for patients 
 anybody can bring me to south park ill smoke with you nd give you gas money
 im rly finna spazz the entire fuck out if somebody dont bring me some fucking weed
 im high as fuck. been smokin all day. bouta smoke 2 more ls lmao
 runway american dream strongbeermonth2017 strongbeermonth @ smokestack at magnolia brewing 
 got a little bit of weed enough for blunt smoke with me
 homie thinks just because he left me a little bit of weed amp drove 40 minutes out his way i gotta be trippin bout him 
 the man next door said that he tried weed cause im always smoking and now he addicted
 i wanna smoke so bad right now 
 rose are red violets are blue  id rather smoke pot in bed than have to see you
 who wanna smoke 
 happy birthday buddy man dude miss you broheem smoke 30 beers for me  @coleisanocean 
 deadass about to start swinging on the girls standing behind me blowing their cig smoke in my hair
 just smoked a joe with 12 squad on ft  y is it 440 y am i up tf
 early morning smoke sess  
 @bernieshomie how many weeks before jeff sessions comes for your weed
 do u want us to send u a care package of smoked meats for your birthday  my parents 
 tonights dinner provided by carolina smokehouse at broadwayatthebeach 
 seven minutes come on everyone get your drinks  snacks and smokes @undeadwalkingfs @sharoney67 @cuzziwanna 
 havent smoked all day i will do so once im done with all this work though treatyaself
 @wolverinefactor theres a new term for weed in my days we called it weed whats next brussels sprouts
 what if blacks smoke more and thats why theres more ads directed to them not a supporter of smoking  but maybe t 
 all you do is smoke tobacca
 sniffs the air is that a weed
 amazing job  smoke all three @ccajustin teams hit at cga today incredible  
 so hard to find someone who doesnt smoke
 you know youre an honest hardworking american when u smoke weed to get rid of back pain rather than to have fun
 @aliciamuerte was about to be sick  lol if i couldnt chain smoke in the warmth
 i was really butt hurt because when i came home the other night my mom smelt me amp was like it smells like weed in here wtf
 @hecksnawbro when i started smokin weed lmao
 i think everyone working @ the whataburger on ft worth drive smoked meth before work tonight
 drank drank smoke smoke just to ease the pain
 the weed been had me sleep all day
 wtf amp who recording the shit tripping boy i smoke everybody inat bitch behind mind thas why nobody watch hea  foh 
 said she wanna 5 6 roll w me and smoke 7 8 
 @flyupnow youd figure that weed sells itself.but its d grower 2give d best care  in return greater yield of dankness
 i cant wait to smoke this wood 
 smoking some good weed tomorrow and ill probably go to hooters to get some free wings 
 see our latest hazard  ky job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer...  
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   bolivar  tn
 @fckbvby right  most of the girls here dont even smoke weed lmfao
 @doczeus no  youre seeing the smoke. were all seeing the smoke. its being masked with he won.
 im sorry but how did the chain smokers and drake not win any grammys last night ... grammys
 smoking boof rn i smoke 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 i just had fresh smoked grouper for breakfast with my friends mark amp rachel biterestaurant in 
 chiquita int v. bolero reefer  prof pitts foster  what side do you want  foster ill be reefer pitts of course you want reefer
 @cnnnewsroom thatcalifornia dam appears 2b not 2 far from weed  california 
 psa dont smoke
 when you got  sore throat and cough and cant smoke blunts 
 if i ask people not to smoke then im selfish.
 with that im gonna go smoke a cig thanks morg 
 i smoke these blunts so i can ease my pain 
 @epistemologeeg i had weed in the car so theyre making me appear
 @bradgallen22 @macandcheeks i dont wanna smoke your saliva brad  how did you learn how to backwash into a blunt
 im like the only new yorker that doesnt smoke backwoods
 nvm ill take dat back. we smoke to jamaican music too
 why would anybody post a picture of some weed that they got off google images 
 bruh got his ass smoked right off the bat lmao 
 ugh i have no weed and wanna die
 you ever had so much weed u puked  i did last night. resin is potent af btw
 this place would be smoked tf out 
 you cant smoke no black and mild w me get in the car w me
 tomorrow i just want to lay in bed and smoke... naked
 even when the blocks hot  i keep it chill like the reefer leaves  california love  cuz i burn 
 dude people who smoke cigarettes regularly smell so fucking bad i cant
 @aggy taking too long ima smoke without her 
 just tryin to chill and smoke some bud with some buddies today  
 i dont need to smoke if i wake up with an attitude like this.
 see our latest detroit  mi job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer...  
 omg girl come thru we will smoke blunts n our comfy clothes n bump to hard n eat to much  its a different life im 
 just yanked my bowl piece off my bong and it flew the weed in it all over the carpet 
 only weed till the end of the month. this surgery has me all worried. hope it goes smooth. @ ke  ke 
 someone bring me a blunt wrap or joint papers n ill smoke u out
 i need to smoke 
 see our latest danville  va job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign...  
 why do people think its okay to smoke on the damn train
 @ivylevan snapchat bahahahha ... let there be fucking heart smoke...  
 jus woke up from a weed nap 
 learn about cannabidiol  and the science of other cannabis compounds  with dr. ethan russo at next weeks nerd nite 
 when cars and pick up trucks drive off after the traffic light changes and a whole puff of black smoke comes out 
 the only bad thing about smoking weed is that you run outta weed after
 end of 3 hempfield leads manheim central 2423. funk with 18 of the baron bunch. @llhoops llhoops
 @killakels61 i almost smoked that shit 
 just posted a photo @ up in smoke hookah lounge 
 lets smoke
 him bae can i go smoke amp play 2k with the squad   me 
 this guy at work told me he could tell i smoke weed bc im always peppy like bruh... wat
 someone be my valentine tomorrow  im 10 times cooler than your man and have a pocket full of riffs that will smoke your ass
 feel like getting a box of chocolates  smoke mad blunts  and cry myself to sleep. im ready for good news this year
 when you wanna smoke but all ya money on ya card and its too cold to walk  life is great to me
 when you thoroughly clean your room and you find weed stashed you forgot about  happy valentines day from past me to present me
 bring me weed to novi so everybody can make some money
 wish there was a 24 hour marijuana dispensary here
 really about to get up and smoke this l i found in my dresser lol
 im using my little brother to deliver condoms to some high school kid and my little brother swears like hes gonna carry weed 
 @spartansano  @samuraijuice716  hemp20 @ bobos 
 someone smoke a blunt with me
 all this smoke helps me cope 
 might need to smoke to sleep at this point lol
 i never smoke before work
 donate ur paypal cheks 2 yung based god @ gabef3291@gmail.com please for mntn dew and weed xdd
 happy valentines day to this smoke show i love you @kimberlyruhlman 
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 @ash4days mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @quelindababy mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @liltunechi mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 i woke up at sunrise just to smoke a blunt
 bitch we smoke that thang thats that ogdopey dope
 cant quite tell yet lotsa smoke  lotsa leaks  lotsa rope at our white house now... 
 all i do is smoke amp jugg killa then at night i smoke amp count the skrilla
 so blunt you could smoke my truth
 all we gone do is smoke and go to sleep 
 @realdonaldtrump yes unless you weed them out quick and beat them at their own game
 wheres my bouquet of marijuana 
 all smoke and mirrors as trump knew transcript of flynns call in dec pence knew too all trying to lie until we found out wh lied to us
 lift up your eyes to the sky  then look to the earth beneath for the sky will vanish like smoke  amp the earth will..httpst.coarzf7in9dy
 former smoker kristy goins shares the story of her quit journey amp how quitting saved her life at tn quit week event 
 so i searched and found weed and s wrap 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  copy  
 damn  i really cant smoke 
 @fatmankey i think the weed man tried to short me  ima pull up with this 40 for that 40
 @roguepotusstaff smoke screens
 needa pound jus to smoke
 spending a lot of money on a dozen roses.. money for a plant you cant smoke ..
 its game day in tiger land  lets smoke the  tfnd 
 accident. three left lanes blocked. in greaterheights on 610 n lp eb at shepherd  stopped traffic back to hempstead  delay of 20 mins
 bring the weed and the pizza leave the flowers and bullshit.
 anyother  time they let us smoke but now they trying be on some shit 
 gets smoke in eyes
 accident cleared in greaterheights on 610 n lp eb at shepherd  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 12 mins traffic
 red lips or pink smokey eye
 my prof. talking about a part looks like somebody tried to smoke out of it  we used to use an apple in my day...or thats what i hear
 classic marijuana sales are tumbling as a new way of getting high takes over  via @clusterstock
 i dont feel like going home cause ill get nagged at so im just gonna try to find eye drops and smoke a square after 3rd period
 flynn is a treasonous weasel who escaped town before his beheading. im sure many will follow his lead. lets start pulling weeds america.
 my tjones boy friend broke and still smokes reggie so i brought this for her 
 lmao i love weed
 @anthonyceraso coupla smoke waitresses at valley dairy lol
 treating myself to some bbq. the bama smoked chicken  white sauce  pickles  bacon @ smoke 
 trumps saying real story is the leaks in wh wow smoke and deflection how about russia creating chaos in our wh and trump coconspirator
 trap music and weed to balance out how cheesy today is
 same here. i smoked when they came through for the holidays  
 does anyone know any licensed cannabis producer taking new patients in canada  prefer ontario if possible. please dm me.
 good morning hollywood  your weed is amazing 
 happy birthday to the state where you can smoke as much weed as you want but cant pump your own gas. oregon stayoutcalifornians
 and of course the girl that smells like weed comes in this class and sits in front of me
 bruh me and my mentor finna smoke this  blunt on our lunch break
 come smoke me out fam 
 lots of smoke outside my apartment @ yonge and st clair @cp24 @cbctoronto. still feel safe @torontofire at its 
 then it look like she finna  cough her lungs up or just waste the weed 
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoke
 happy bday to the day 1 youre finally 21 m8 its fucking it hope you have a good one smoke up 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmndjsjsj
 how i know gorm smoked without me .... lt3 
 dont be alarmed by the smoke today  it is part of a prescribed burn of the prairie area between 
 days i still refuse to believe pot smoking  weed laced powdered donut making jj deveroux is a detective
 really tho no one tryna smoke a valentines blunt
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2600 foster ave  
 now i need some weed .
 people passin faster then im passin weed
 just a garlic full of weed
 she say i smoke too much  i lean too much 
 i need weed and im staying with my grandparents but its recreational here so fuck what do i do they hate weed
 i havent taken a smoke break at all for like 4 years straight  feels super liberating
 kaz hey em  you want to smoke em yeah kaz thats dope  you should get some bud then as he rips the gb vdayrelationshipgoals
 all i want tonight is weed and daddy. dass it
 glad luntz isnt a firefighter. the smoke isnt coming from a backyard grill. 
 a lot of smoke in this one  but still no details on the intent of communications 
 tonights special. smoked chicken wgreens and rice... paprika glaze with a sweet sauce. cooked lowampslow 225 
 thechallenge seems to be smoke the last of it tonight or have some for tomorrow. hmmm
 lay n smoke
 i cant even sleep when i dont have marijuana 
 seeing so many ppl smoke cigarettes at my school only makes me hate them even more.
 when the weed start dancing thru your body 
 had a blast on the weed show with @iamcharlogreene talking about sex toys and hand jobs cannasexual 
 you know when im mixing i smoke when i drank its tradition
 im trynna smoke 
 today was a great valentines day  i smoked myself out all day
 its smoked wing wednesday... today we are using cherrywood and our flavors are jerk bbq and 
 neither. smoked salmon. 
 trump needs moles to weed them out. 
 @marielcarbone but enough about hempstead
 got new smoke detector 
 honestly man id rather smoke weed here than smoke legal dope in colorado theres way too many restrictions there 
 i cleaned it up. smoked amp wondering what the hell she ate. like damn girl  no bueno
 legal weed sound real cool but it aint really worth the move on some real shit
 @corybooker where there is smoke there is fire  and here you can actually see the flames. please investigate for the sake of the country
 i cant wait until this guy is finally impeached so that i can start tweeting about weed and sex again. i miss the good ol days.
 gameova band  pussy money weed  nowplaying 
 i dead ass want to smoke people who take my seat in class. i obv sit there everyday for a reason 
 who wants to smoke wit ya girl
 @kiro7seattle marijuana is legal here . why is this considered news is it about  bad hombres 
 according to a new @nscsafety survey of u.s. drivers  13 reported driving after using marijuana.   graphs via 
 i love it when my brother takes me out just to smoke me out. siblinggoals  happyasffff
 everyone smoke weed now   guess im the only one who dont
 smoky cheesey lentils. made smoky with smoked paprika  and cheesey with nutritional yeast. a great  energizing an 
 wanna be glone today im working on music all day but i need some weed lol
 jk  gonna eat a cinnabon  smoke again  then go back to sleep
 blackhistorymonth  armys first african american paratroopers ampsome of the nations earliest smoke jumpers  walter 
 you bouta smoke a pile of dried spinach 
 im tryna have a smoke session this weekend
 what smoke all i see are large  billowing  white clouds  d. j. trump  probably 
 shit sucks when your a loner  anyway bout to smoke n find a date for breakfast in a lil 
 the mcwinghaven    pulled smoked baby back rib in stl sweet bbq  pickles  onions on toasted buns  sweet piggy 
 i needa smoke session
 when they smoke  they sit back and relax  when i smoke  i get anxiety attacks
 this netflix show taught me that sigur rs starts playing when you smoke crack
 im not a pot smoker  but it irks me that in some states its legal  while in other states youll get jail time and a fine. is this fair
 im at federal hill smokehouse in erie  pa 
 confused as to why in 2017  ppl are still weird about others admitting they smoke weed 
 its still all smoke and notquite fire  but its time for a full investigation on trump and russia 
 to make it more insulting i dont even smoke like that so weed aint been getting my money that shit be bills
 where the boys at that like to go to ballets  museums  and operas  but also smoke weed and attend hiphop shows 
 that aint even weed man smh  
 me ampseths progress quitting smoking seth if i won 2 million dollars i would probably smoke a cig  me if someone offered me one i would
 about to smoke this blunt and dose off 
 im gonna go smoke a drink these demons quiet real quick...
 chicago shuffle spot 4. they filled the glass with hickory smoke before pouring the drink. @ 
 the lying smoke alarm 
 im in my feelings and i have no weed 
 deflection smoke amp mirrors. 
 i dont smoke  somebody explain this 
 guess ill smoke up this quarter olo since i have no whip and 0 friends
 cigarette smoke smell is literally suffocating me rn
 i smoke out da ounce 
 whats going on in weed at lake shastina is the dam there okay reports of downstream water rising.
 @michaelberrysho as a texan  and a non pot smoker can say  its coming  might as well get used to it.
 i got the rolly on my arm amp im pouring chandon amp i roll the best weed cause i got it going on
 reasons to not smoke exhibit a 
 up in smoke
 i swear to god  i do the most to smoke
 i always gotta smoke one after i finish my hw. feel like i deserve the shit lol
 @mikeljollett 30 years of smoke and you say no fire
 time to smoke a bowl.
 bare in that pussy like smokey    chain swing like rodeo ropy
 i just want to cry but ig ill smoke a b instead
 im just gonna take a deep breath and smell allll the  weed 
 i need someone to smoke w me when im alone
 yeaaaaaah.... not fuckin with nobody but my weed
 this is the kind of progression texas needs. so much tax money is spent on people sitting in jail from smoking weed 
 technically its the battery hanging half way out of the smoke alarm and mr. roper posterization 
 give a nigga your teeth and he gone smoke on another bitches face 
 anyone wanna smoke one with ya boy
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3w  hempstead turnpike to exit w4e  southern state parkway 
 area wrestlers are now 02 to open the state wrestling tournament. josh diehl  @oskyactivities loses 71 to joe pins  dubuque hempstead
 chris silliman teaching the @1strestoration fire amp smoke damage class for insurance agents amp adjusters. 
 we saw in our study mission to denver the positive impact of the passage of recreational marijuana.  
 robbed my bitch pimp right before this  came up on some pre rolls weed and blue faces ill rob the plug ill rob the p  clock in 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 i dont understand how people will preach about how dangerous marijuana is but will drink alcohol and smoke tobacco.
 we got all da weed hit my dm ill pull up  3.5 for 35
 @borntorunnerup yes or allowing cigarettes to be smoked indoors only during the cure
 @ashleyesqueda fucking rich people so outta touch they dont even know how much a dime of weed costs smh
 the murder rate is at its biggest right now all prolly cause they legalized marijuana  some lady @ pizza hut. hahaha what 
 weed smokers will always recognize amp find other weed smokers in a setting because weed smokers r always wondering if you smoke when we meet
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 ltinsert every silly pot smoke metaphor heregt synergy 
 i wish weed was cheaper than a candy bar. 
 @potus weed
 hendricks apparently weighs 197 pounds on route to sat early weighins. could be a smoke screen but will big rig make weight ufchalifax
 this weeks specialty pizza is called ranch master  mozzarella  smoked bacon  grilled chicken 
 roll my weed up on it  thats an ass tray
 i dont even smoke but i need a  blunt rn 
 mannn  stfu and just talk to ya ppl bout legalizing marijuana bruh... and leave my mexicans alone fam  they cool as 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 im just tryna sit on your lap amp smoke a blunt with ya
 ima smoke another 1 and make these moves but that hit home my dude
 tonight catch the smokey hero duo at the world famous honkytonkbbqchicago 730  930.  @ 
 look beyond age and genes for ad there are genes for lung cancer  but if you dont smoke  theyre pretty irrelevant. n barnard aaasmtg
 after monday im going to quit smoking weed for awhile  my shit isnt where i want it to be and this is the first step
 breaking the fast.....almond butter  and hemp seeds. off to teach  see you there @iamyoga 
 the amount of time you spend in the weeds needs to equal the amount of time you spend cutting the grass. sermonprep
 somebody that gets excited about weedgtgt  
 me smoking weed doesnt motivate you  brad.   brad tell that to my clean ass kitchen this morning.
 a way to a mans heart is thru his stomach ... im cooking red beans w pig tails and neckbones ... smoke sausage ... and my sweet bread ...
 lets smoke amd talk about life but you dont smoke haha. or have a life.
 were real men and we smoke cigar  dont believe us smell our cars
 listen to ts real shit by daron brim np on soundcloud  i just smoked a blunt a teared uptss
 states who legalized marijuana 
 @beatsbyju i smoked too much lmao. im ready for the day to be over so i can be back in bed . you
 when i used to sell weed i used to finesse them republicans. 50 a gram my nigga
 if you smoke wit me you kno i be behind the camera likeeeeee  
 smokin rapper weed wit my gang
 oh cool you smoke boges
 really want to smoke something on the @traeger tomorrow but am home alone with the kid so not worth it 
 go smoke your mid 
 i cant believe what weed does to certain people
  girl you dont even smoke fr 
 sex weed
 people aint shit amp weed aint free anna
 are you gay do you smoke your eyes are pretty 
 put the weed in the salad theres a cop chey
 @hecktow first oregon went to pot  now it will go up in smoke p
 i find it funny how people can smoke weed and not even kno what it is like gorilla glue isnt a indica bruh
 on the phone is that a bag of weed in my ear right now how the fuck did you honestly know that stoner senses where tingling
 i smoked weed are you proud 
 smoke till ya niggas cant smoke no more   roll till ya bitches cant roll no more
 my eyes still burn from all that cigarette smoke from that party. 
 rain drop  drop top  hot bitch smokin marijuana in a crop top
 i shouldnt smoke and do lyft 
 already cant wait for it to be 12 so i can smoke a dutch 
 when life gives me lemons  i smoke lemon kush  
 @godnation2015  question    if   i  owed  a legal company that grows  weed   would  my donation  be  accepted  
 super fog possible in parts of polk  co. flwx as fog forms and combines w smoke from a nearby wildfire. visibil 
 i need a ride to work ill smoke someone out amp give u gas hmu
 life is so much better with weed amp my bf 
 lets smoke on the landscape
 got a ticket for not even a gram of weed 
 any pharma product from cannabis is an unnatural bastardization of the blessed herb and should be avoided. organic 
 i want nails like yours but i feel like itll get in the way of rolling my weed... she clearly dsnt know me 
 oklahomas economy would fucking skyrocket if weed was legalized for recreational use.  but some people are too dumb to realize that. 
 so today i went to play football at merrill park  ate pizza   smoked   and im on ft with my whole hearttoday was a good day i have to say
 pay the bill  exit swiftly. smoke like the pope when he bless the sickly
 i only smoke weed when there is a bad bitch present.
 need some weed rn 
 we dont need to worry bout the next mann free smoke free smoke aye
 and truthfully i dont even smoke like that
 i told lola about seattle for spring break and she asked me how much weed i was planning to smoke smh
 i guess the fact my father smoked and drank  made it a young nigga destiny to do the exact same
 i dead need weed in my system the only thing thays gon keep me meditated and my mind on ease and keep me holy lol
 pizza rolls and weed  the usual.
 going to bed at 130am w some nyquil is so much more lit than going to bed at 5am off of four lokos  weed  and mozzarella sticks tbh.
 dude im tryna smoke rn
 who got weed
 took a smoke break now i dont want to go back to work 
 just tryna smoke a blunt on the beach todayyyyyyyy
 check out my last retweet.. my old highschool want smoke from errrbody
 blowin smoke check it out
 effing smoke detector goes off 6am
 you say age is just a number until you move to a country that wont let you smoke until youre 21.
 im at benchtop brewing for a pour of their natural juicy dipa and a little redwood smoke 
 whatever i smoked today had my ass floating
 spending my hard earned money on weed gtgtgt being responsible and paying bills
 mom if you had rheumatoid arthritis youd smoke everyday too. 
 someone smoke me out ill buy u chocoflan
 it has an excellent smokey bourbon flavor that melts in with the... bretts bourbon stout  photo
 i dont appreciate whoever was smoking weed outside my window at like 3 am
 south hempstead ny mon feb 20th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 the way weed makes me feel gt the way you make me feel
 my day always consist of work work work work work smoke
 who trying to smoke rn
 this boy in front of me is listening to his music full volume and singing along and the only words i can make out are pussy money weed
 i wish i had somebody to spoil maybe i wouldnt smoke so much weed
 you said you want some smoke well nigga puff it up  bitchhhhhh
 now to smoke this blunt
 niggas to sweet they dont want no smoke  
 texas needs to legalize marijuana  back ampknee pain isnt being helped with their medication
 smoking rapper weed with my gang
 my dad just asked me to get him some weed. what is really going on
 i just got placed in a 2v4 match and got smoked and then banned @halo what is going on notcool halo5 
 fav to come over and smoke and drank
 ok so tonight was a reality check  that was best weed ive ever had or im getting old timers disease early . fuuucking wow
 not a good day today. ill just smoke it off.
 never smoked 
 i remember some guy came to my job saying he had girl scout amp i was like cool what kind i like the samoas amp he was dead talking about weed
 low key wanna smoke but ion feel it in me fuck it roll uhhh
 @justlovinglex breh. i was froze man. they got me with that shit. the smoke dog has met his match
 come smoke by me 
 bsing this cannabis article analysis like a pro 
 theres someone outside the lifts on our floor smoking weed ffs
 my dog cries when i smoke
 you look like my big cuz gf. you smoke blacks 
 need some weed 
 @jadaindigo i was being sarcastic bobblehead bitch   get out ya feelings and go smoke ya .8 
 dont even smoke nomore  i be sober af bored looking stupid 
 when i smoke  i start to create shit that i know everyone would love.
 i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck.
 our little smoke sessions while vibing out to music is my favorite 
 getting plastic surgery to smoke kush more efficiently
 pop a pill smoke a l shit im smoking 2
 brought my pillow to a pothead apartment for the weekend amp now i shall slumber w the aroma of weed leisurely surrounding my head
 rt @kbux1229 rt @historylvrsclub johnny cash having a smoke before going on stage at folsom prison  1968. 
 .@alexsespn @alabamaftbl won natl titles w @coachmcelwain who is not a smoke and mirrors guy either on daboll hire as oc @991thegame
 cuddling up to grandma bc you had an anxiety attack and she just tells you to go smoke a bowl 
 cigerets nuthing you smoke can be that bad for you o maby cigerets would be the worse
 if it wasnt for weed  i wouldnt spend money 
 ugh need to smoke more. need more sleep
 thick cloud of smoke over here on the west side.... is something on fire @wftv
 @dublinhempco genealogically yes  but it mostly will give you a headachebut it will save our planet hempbetter planet cannabiswellness
 i do miss it bc i have no one to copy homework from and no one to smoke with after class 
 @wizkhalifa @snoopdogg can we actually like truly start a movement to get marijuana legalized the time is now my friends
 magical mix of smells on the bus this morning sour sweat  bo  alcohol  weed  paint  citylyfe
 i wanna do one of those photoshoots w the little colorful smoke bombs
 cant wait to be done with classes so i can smoke lmao
 who smokes weed at 910 in the morning  u all wild like dont you have something better to do like idk sleep
 i never considered how smoking effects a smokers pets health and now i just feel sad about it.
 im showing up at ur house with weed and a breakfast sandwich and theirs nothing u can do about it
 @sadgirl2013 it literally doesnt even prove anything bc out of the percentage of preg smokers almost half of them have low birth rates..
 wake up and smoke the inspiration
 new  post master generals office says a clerk at winthrop post office noticed smoke coming from a ceiling tile. 
 when conflicted  roll up lmao   im kidding yall  problem solving skills are essential. i just like weed.
 back in the big smoke 
 i should sue my weed man for selling me this boo
 unless black smokes crack  
 folks be like you smoke weed isnt that a sin nigga what
 this is why you dont chain smoke and drink while staying awake for 24 hours 
 testittuesday eges @townofeg tuesday is a great day to test your smoke alarms and carbon monoxide units 
 i literally sound like an 80 year old chain smoker.
 finna go smoke bye
 visit smoke n toke 10875 katy frwy houston  tx 77079 this evening for smoke accessories amp novelties.  damnsoldhere
 had a edible around 4 went to the gym at 5 came back to the crib a 6 weed hits me around 630 wtf lol
 i swear my hitters probably smoke longer than some of your joints lol
 off the next couple days... im bout to smoke.
 @shametriaaaaaa ion een smoke 
 when i smoke with other people  
 pls dont  i love you we need to smoke soon amp talk  deadass lmk 
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 @mfourie64 i had a smoked butterscotch latte amp copper had a puppuccino.. secretmenu
 already need @yosupaaronheard to come home and smoke with me this sucks
 this friend also thinks all news is fake  he smoked way too much pot. 
 how you broke but always got money for weed
 i want some fuckin smoke
 theres not enough medical marijuana in australia  so its speeding up imports  via @appygeek
 i try to not buy weed on the west side of the valley  shit is taxed af over here
 @loishenry @cenvalair the rise in pm2.5 several days later shows the effect of the wildfire smoke.
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew at @bourbonsteakpub   photo
 wait until commercial  ill smoke a jail cigarette with you hes talking about newports
 boutta smoke my mind out the gutter cause fuck this shit is annoying me lmao
 make sure to check your smoke alarms firesafety  
 idk if i want to go to the races or go smoke or do both
 so glad to cosponsor who china representative dr.schwartlanders visit. amazing designampimplementation of smokefre 
 im on probation thats why i wont fight her bitch you smoke weed every day you aint too worried about probation you just scared 
 im bouta go home smoke this blunt  and take me a shower before bed.  ahna boy stfu you aint bouta smoke shit
 i was about to go to bed until christian asked if i wanted to smoke shit
 feel the ruff scandoulous the moweed smokes i puffs the modaaaaangerouuuus
 i was about to go to sleep until my brother asked if i wanted to smoke
 bae hit this weed cuz it might calm you down ill rub ya feet listening to everything you talking bout 
 i dont even smoke but i think i need it i need to feel balm
 he from gabon  . knows french and lives in the projects and smokes habitually with mexicans
 well the ice cream truck that rolled in my hood sold me weed. of course it aint on this menu. 
 i still laugh about when vince was trying to smoke a cigarette at escape amp i didnt let him 
 wish a nigga would like a tree in this bitch and if a leaf falls put some weed in that shit thats my mo add a b to 
 i dont need to smoke. i feel the high right now.
 when you smoke the herb  it reveals you to yourself
 every time marcia clark smokes a cigarette on ojvtp  it makes me want one so badly. 
 i feel like maya is attacking me. making me forget lord nityananda. not chanting japa. and ganja dont seem to mean nothing no more.
 whole bottle of red whine to the feezy. smoked some herb now im gettin kinda sleepy.
 moeee why we in here listening to music n dancing.. indy gon open the door n say come to the party happy birthday smoke dyinnnn
 life of a owning a diesel everyone you pass either flips you off or signals you to blow smoke 
 for the people that think i still smoke   i stopped a couple months ago and havent drink since last year i think
 both. smoke then sleep. 
 be my friend i smoke weed and have a fortress of cup of noodles and sodas 
 montana always rock bandanas like a ninja turtle when i send shells no donatello you get smoked like purple 
 its crazy that beyonc cant just smoke a bowl at home  get high af and drive to whataburger.
 i buy weed from the sketchiest people bruh
 never to old to smoke weed in the woods at your local skatepark
 i got ls on my record.... weed on the vinyl
 @evilmark420 that sucks my dogs know better. theyve been taught to ask for weed or the big stems. they love chewi 
 @parkorova never to old to smoke weed in the bushes naked while the kids skate at the local skate park
 whos trying to smoke
 then i rolled with this dude made ah crazy some killed it tho where the fuck was the weed lolfinness me to do ah song downtown lol
 im off  u already know whats next operation smoke tweed
 somebody smoke something after school
 wake up smoke up
 free smoke anybody want it they can get it no joke 
 interest in growing medicinal cannabis is strong. 
 linda for charter needs to lay off the smokes 
 if youre near bank amp heron and smell smoke  dont worry  its just me as the @timhortons supervisor decides to do training with 10 in line.
 ion wanna drink babyyyy i just wanna smoke
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 she just wanna smoke some trees
 she threw some smoke at first doe  
 i found an 8th before and smoked allat shit  
 why did i put lipstick on before i smoked
 dont ever try to play me about me being broke when you make money of the streets by selling weed amp i have a real job 
 salute to my shooter @feddceo for the visual on my new music video pussy weed amp alcohol 
 shut the fuck up i dont want your conversation rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation 
 someone smoke
 yo im tryna smoke on this beautiful wednesday morning
 i see my in a ghost blowing a lot of smoke
 in my generation selfie breaks are the new smoke breaks
 @l1ldebbie how does one acquire your amazing marijuana
 the second that music started amp they threw the smoke bombs  i lost it.  ive never been this happy in my life.  can 
 more like 1. likes me 2. doesnt smoke 3. kinda cute 4. doesnt care for fancy restaurants  5. plays ps4 
 lol some guys came to smoke by my bros pad  but i guess they thought i was finnuh snitch amp they dipped 
 ik its 1100am but i really just wanna a chick i can smoke and vibe wit on the daily and they better have good taste in music 
 from what ive seen  aaron doesnt smoke  he flicks  communitypolicing staycommitted @ 
 doctors are refusing to operate on smokers in some cases. heres why the trend will grow. charobs 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 4819 palmer avenue baltimore  ill 
 at school. hanging out. that thing called cannabis. thanks  cannabis acmpr cannakid bedrolite schooldays  
 i smoked at school religiously 
 what i learned in college today how to not get arrested for possession of weed when getting pulled over for speeding
 he said the other half of his bed still smells like me   the sweetness of my perfume and a little bit of weed   
 my mom caught me so much i just said fuck it mom i smoke
 lil pump and smokepurp are garbage
 i just wanna smoke   get some food amp go to the drive in
 you gotta tell niggas you dont smoke so theyll actually take your ass somewhere
 @jaketurx 3.45 min into clip. discussing white house weed out hate concept with mike pence in st. louis 
 tryna lay in bed and smoke all day wbaby
 today has been one hell of a day. i just want to take a bath n smoke a blunt
 heyyyy you guys mind if i go in the bathroom and smoke some pcp
 these are filled 100 percent with weed 
 @llkevi after that i wanted to just chain smoke 5 packs of cigarettes
 i see people posting about legalizing marijuana for revenue...the same people who voted gop. you all realize they dont want that  right
 joel grover tests marijuana samples from local dispensaries  nbc 4 news at 11pm
 all we do is smoke amp fuck
 @kaylaabrittanyy come smoke with meeee
 went to the weed mans house and he was very upset at me for slamming his grandmothers door.
 8th grade i got kicked out of a christian school for smoking weed in the bathroom 
 cant wait to get off and smoke this pressure to ease my mind 
 there is a guitar speaker from eminence called the cannabis rex.
 lol my bigma tried to send me to rehab yall it was a big ass intervention about weed lol i was soooo blowed
 finna walk outside amp smoke  just bc the baby here 
 i need a bag of weed 
 happy birthday to the reason my mom knows ive smoked weed @kylehazlewood
 lol i remember the first time i smoked weed 
 lets stay up late and smoke a j
 when ppl get jobs in the weed industry amp think theyre cool as shit 
 i love marijuana
 best weed i ever smoked 
 up smoking marijuana lol
 just gonna smoke a cigarette and try to go back to sleep
 im soo jealous of abdullah saeed..bong appetit.ive been doing research longer then hes been alive stuckinohio.will work for weed
 i think i want to get an airbnb in colorado  and go try all the different weed they have to offer
 the new cannabis caucus isnt just blowing smoke about legalizing pot.  
 i cant believe my cousins smoke swishers 
 i feel like im being harassed by this smoke detector for real
 turned your bitch to a paul male smoker
 or get smoked out
 whyd i smoked 2 blunts to the face
 you have me addicted like hennessy  addicted like weed.
 damn i hate being soberrr im a smoker  tedo a drinker fredo off molly wataaa
 i need weed and beats
 @sbirbot nutritional supplementation  vitamins  minerals  and researchstudy opportunities in vitamin d and cannabis. thanks
 @ladylexusrx @mrskuz @nufcfan  good dog joins bike race  smokes the competition  via @deadspin
 @yerikac deadass i be hungry and dyckman is like you can smoke some hookah and drink some henny
 maybe i can smoke the symptoms away 
 i always fell the 3 hs when i smoke weed. high hornyamp hungry af. 
 i smoked 4 puffs of a cigarette last weekend which i never do and i regret every single one. i cant stop coughing. slap me next time.
 @tpcarney  proposed weed out hate to @vp  to bring country together. 3.2 min into clip  
 in this weeks openclosed where to get smoked ribs  @junkfoodcos mac amp cheeza  spanish tapas  much more  
 new york smells like piss and weed rn. and i drank too much beer last night and feel bloated. livefortoday
 @cuseaholic @seankeeleyisme last year it was smoke from cooneys neeports  idk about this year
 old blue bbq had a delivery yesterday we are now a proud 2 smoker family bring on the bbq bbq bbqlife 
 @cuseaholic @seankeeleyisme last year it was smoke from cooneys newports  idk about this year
 need friends that are going to wanna smoke .. like right now lmao
 if i could stop coughing like i smoke 3 packs a day thatd be great
 is it lame to sit at your house and smoke all spring break 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1116 w pratt st  violation notice outstanding. 
 my sweat smells like weed honestly
 such nice weather. i wanna go sit in the grass and smoke a fat blunt with a good book. but i dont have weed or a good book or time. 
 taking zans before i land forgetting how the plane went. listening to cam while i smoke this purple haze shit
 ima smoke a fat ass blunt today 
 what  did you smoke stogies and drink jack daniels together outside the taco cart
 this nigga is wasting the weed 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 wishing i could shower and smoke a blunt at the same time
 do you mind if we smoke this blunt outside
 such a nice day to smoke weed in a cool nature type place
 she admitted exposing 20monthold kaylei carter to marijuana butts left un an ashtray at the apartment where she w 
 i need a smoke. thestruggleisreal
 leave the muslims  immigrants  refugees  uteruses  transgendered  native lands  and marijuana alone. stop. just stop.
 @elliottrhams man  are you somehow unaware of the fact that this country has priorities other than your right to smoke a joint wherever 
 then again smoking weed the only thing that got me to stop doing hard drugs so maybe im trippin
 fucking weed man  how is this still an issue  how is kratom the same as heroin how is hemp illegal. fucking end the war on drugs
 we got the pizza guy picking up rillos and we are gonna smoke him out
 @wsgourmand on youtube  good show come do a remote in worcester  talk food  smoke a cigar. @massfoodies will show you around our city
 @lmacaulay is their opportunity here been demonized with the marijuana kind  not that anything wrong marijuana.httpst.comnlofkaoil
 she using chop sticks to smoke her blunt ...thats lit 
 reinstate private prisons and discriminatory states rights then signal a crackdown on states that allow legal marijuana @potus is pure bs.
 made some apple crisp in the smoker get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app 
 the damn grits is smoking weed lmfao
 i dont smoke but i might roll one.
 i wanna smoke a joint and go straight to sleep
 classic beignets mardigras2017 tastingmenu foodporn @ the smoke daddy 
 highlights from the national recreational marijuana convention all here got to sample 117 plants amp cannabis products 
 you might think heels are the way to go but after youre 5 liquid marijuanas deep youll be thinking differently.
 id rather be ya nigga so we can get drunk smoke weed all day
 i think the @sleeponitband record is done. holy smokes.
 becca watson smokes pot  @mickeyaela
 @joyannreid @abc and weed smokers too
 also next week  smoked pork quesadillas ..  chefzee djzee hotfoodexpress @ hot food express 
 trump its the states right to regulate marijuana how they choose also trump the doj is going to get involved in 
 @johncleese irony abounds these days. similarly states rights on trans bathroom rights. but weed is apparently something feds need tackle
 if i smoke this blunt then im gone forget u
 @realdonaldtrump youre fucking dumber than bush if youre gunna call marijuana for opioid use the actual fuck.. vicodinpercocetoxyyouidiot
 i dont need weed to chill im chill asf regardless
 nah im sorry had to rt this again lmaoo homie in grey was getting smoked from the very beginning.. he even blocked 
 dont tread on my weed. what a fucked up time it is in our country. 
 thats 1.67 of weed you just wasted 
 gas pack i dont smoke on no sativa bihh 
 @presssec cannabis frees addicts from opiate addiction. please fact check such an important matter. 
 i just need to smoke a lot of weed right now
 somebody pls bring me weed. omfg
 aye come smoke a j with meh  
 lets make this perfectly fucking clear the rise in illicit drug overdoses has not shit to do with state marijuana 
 dont hmu to smoke im not smoking for a while
 i cant even smoke normal weed no more and it makes me sad but that k2 is my fav drug.
 should i smoke a blunt but this is high only temporary should i blast myself 
 sean spicer compared opioid addiction to recreational marijuana usage today.
 how many bowls were smoked during this study 
 so trump wants to have control of states having power about weed  but leave it up to the states for students safety
 i wish it was still the 50s so you could smoke cigarettes inside
 nobody tryna smoke yall lame af 
 bout to roll up and listen to future new album wish i had a little baddie to smoke with right now smh  its cool doe
 im about to start doing yoga u kno so i can be one with myself but then again when i smoke im one with myself 
 feds likely to target marijuana in states like washington  white house says  marijuana
 so marijuana is a federal issue but trans rights are a state issue hypocrites resist fascism @realdonaldtrump 
 @realdonaldtrump thomas jefferson was an avid hemp farmer all naval ropes were hemp until nylon came through.. canada allows industrial hemp
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2230 sidney ave  violation notice outstanding.
 can you recommend anyone for this job reefer mechanic  join our team   automotive southholland  il hiring
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 yal smoke to get high  cant relate
 broooo im just tryna get some weed and these niggas be tryna converse
 big bag of weed amp a muddy ice tea.
 is aang holding a weed or a pinecone 
 invest in private prisons. crack down on state legal weed. pass anti protestor laws. watch the  roll in. 
 opened report via iphone at 41 walnut park  roxbury  overgrown weeds. 
 im so petty. i be falling asleep leaving a spliff over almost every night  started feeling defeated so i smoked em both quarter way. 
 people disregarding job opportunities for another bowl pack of weed.   sad
 why are people so afraid of marijuana
 all you talk about is alcohol amp weed  please just stfu.
 done smoke until i gain some weight 
 i find it funny how i dont smokepot anymore and its now legal.
 the current administration under djt wants 2 give power back to states re transgenders but hands on states with recreational marijuana sad
 our hot smoked salmon is a great protein option for events the fillets are brined  smoke roasted  amp basted w a h 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 326 folcroft st 
 i was so sick i couldnt even smoke... but now im about to roll a fattttyyy 
 trump admin seems very adamant that 10th amendment should matter tremendously for transgender cases but not much at all for marijuana laws.
 8090 less weed seeds in field with oat cover crop  @cowbrough  less seeds good bye weeds 
 i cant wrap my head around why people still smoke knowing what it does to them and the smell of it. 
 @isadora2394  is this you i always chain smoked with a big gulp and just randomly start conversations like a esc 
 ill never smoke weed with willie again
 with new 200k memberships at your golf course  you can give away a pound of trump brand weed bruce bannon telltrumptolegalizemarijuana
 public executions for all white weed warriors.
 @presssec colorado became the first state to generate more tax revenue from cannabis than alcohol in one year  70 million.
 hb465 new industrial hemp commission create 
 who wan smoke  
 im not a smoker but ive smoked three cigarettes since yoga this morning. my nerves are shot.
 know the words of god to weed through false doctrine. avoid false teachers. follow christ and be one with him throu 
 opioid deaths have gone down in states that have legalized marijuana yet its being compared to the opioid epidemic yall fuck this country
 @potus colorado became the first state to generate more tax revenue from cannabis than alcohol in one year  70 million. decriminalized it
 eat po boys . . . poboy friedchickenpoboy shrimppoboy catfishpoboy @ the lancaster smokehouse 
 the weed to loud turn up the volume
 smoke good weed till my face turn numb bitch im by myself like your fingers from your thumb niggas wanna hate but 
 yall literally purchase shit from anybody selling what you need . fcked up tattoos fu ass weed etc . smh
 if you have a problem with me smoking weed you should probably go fuck your self 
 thefive like liberalism @thejuanwilliams marijuana destroys the ability to think for yourself  
 denver city council president weighing in on white house comments over recreational marijuana use. 
 a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke 
 my fingers smell like smoke
 me when im hanging w @juniusk9 and we smoke a few bowls 
 i wish i had an uncle d smoke
 i wish there was a weed bar or something cause actual bars are loud and obnoxious as shit
 whatcha need  good head   a bag of weed .
 @mooiachirios @daryafightsback not much change in obama except he now smokes cigarettes with filters
 i just wanna get home  smoke
 pretty good  drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ the morrie   
 yolo hop out the whip when im dolo none of these niggas want no smoke
 females look more burnt out because they will smoke anything
 @justschmeltzer  presenting @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in park 
 me i only take baby hits me rips bong spor baby hits my ass i jusr watched that smoke milk from pure white to like brown
 @stogieloggy roll one  smoke one  and we all just having fun
 lets smoke a cig together @aidaan
 its bad ive noticed if i dont smoke at least once a day i get the worst headaches ever
 @mollylambert where do you get your weed from asking for a friend
 i need a smoke buddy
 2yrs ago pot became officially legal in alaska sarah palin finally has an excuse for seeing russia from her backyard who voted v. marijuana
 handcuffs are cool cause you can still smoke cigarettes if your arms arent behind your back
 well trump is tryna take away recreational marijuana everywhere it was legalized  fuck
 i smoke crack bitch know yo smells
 holy smokes @ncboomstick23 with the 3 run blast. here we go marinersst
 i really cant believe im missing weed xanax and money 
 lmao holy smokes 
 probably playing hooky to smoke behind the gym with the rest of the republicans. 
 who wants to smoke w me 
 about the smoke amp just chill
 been a week now without ganja.  the withdrawal is starting to get a little better
 @kingmarliedave dave and bry having a smoke in garage  pushed pushed and pushed. go to your room. i did.
 this made me wanna smoke w my grandmother lmao 
 bought a half a p to smoke and pint of purple to chase it 
 i have a bunch of cigarettes but i refuse to smoke em
 im smoking hella weed before drop in tomorrow man
 made bank  now i get to curl up in my bed  smoke bowls and sleep all day tomorrow 
 how am i in mexico and cant get no weed 
 i just smoked with ras 
 your mcm still cops weed by the gram 
 getting swooped to smoke  okay okayy  imwithit 
 blowing smoke out of my window and looking at the empty streets and bright street lights i wish some 1 was holding my hand
 im going to need someone to smoke with today
 performing live  suave da lyricist amp smokey da bandit @sbdsdl @ blok club university 
 dat boy smokey said no  of the  s.....  u aint loud enuff my boy... gotta tell the world.... 
 @brownsfan32 smoked a brisket yesterday it was amazing 
 beware of the smokescreen... behind it lies the truth. 
 somebody smoke me out for my birthday 
 12 jus pulled up on us and didnt get any weed or xans off me or my niggas i still got my shit   fuck 12
 @realmikefox shaking. he smoked some cannabis  mary jane and within minutes all shaking stopped completely and could talk normal.justsayin
  pull up on me later or tomorrow and chop it up you know ion smoke
 theres probably cocaine on his desk and a bag of weed on the bed but thats none of my business @aaronagetter 
 i walk in alaynas house with a bag full of candy and her dad goes whatd u get her marijuana
 @elisewrightnyc me too and ugh tell me about it. i was probably skipping school to smoke bongs
 thinking about all the weed im fina smoke in colorado 
 i got a free airsoft gun from homeboy so i grabbed some co2 amp tested it out amp bruhh.. idk how these are legal  this thang could smoke a mf 
 i smoke too much weed
 @hippiegoldberg i wanted to smoke lol ill go find someone else
 i love weed
 im ready to smoke
 wish i could find sum weed at the store like you can buy liquor. back to smoking cigarettes since i cant find none.
 about to smoke weed out of a potato
 3 people can smoke out of it lmao 
 my weed is loud you bitches is smoking library 
 wanna go for a drive and smoke this blunt...buuut my headlight and brake light are out 
 briskettacos cotijacheese pickledredonions salsaverde with a side of roastedcorn @ smoke 
 briskettacos cotijacheese pickledredonions salsaverde with a side of roastedcorn @ smoke 
 i just want to smoke 
 nigga said he smoked one marijuana lol 
 i remember in health class two years ago  coach collins you know why weed is bad . . . because its illegal   yeah  no  collins smh
 ididntchoosethislifeitchoseme i swear because even my smoke is tailored .....i guess 
 or weed  anything to put my ass to sleep right now honestly
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 this weed should make me feel better.
 hmmm smoke   cuddle   and ... 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 trying to save a half way smoked cigarette by putting it out with your hands is the most numetal shit ever haha.
 when people tell me i smoke too much amp it isnt cute . i dont do it to be cute   i do it to be high as a kite amp me no care
 i roll my pain in a swisher sweet... mix my tears with promethazine so i can smoke and lean.
 in need of adventurous friends. and by andventurous i dont mean sneaking out at 4 am to smoke pot.
 shes asks to go through your phone  i ask you to roll my weed 
 hes got that all wrong... smoke show with a damned good head on her shoulders. but can she shoot 
 sexual assault should absolutely be a career ruined.   i could be arrested for marijuana possession and my career would be over.
 all dominicans just lie amp cheat amp smoke hookah
 all females wanna do is smoke wanna fit in wanna be slim thick so bad wanna be bad amp bouje so bad but aint got shit going for yall selves
 who sell weed in htx
 you got your liquor i got my weed
 i smoke two joint before i smoke two joints and then i smoke two more.
 @tyberiousductor im not big on weed but ya its somewhat nice knowign i have someone within reach for  420
 django was fire bruh idc what tarantino was on  i just seen a black man smoke a whole plantation thats quality cin 
 lets smoke a blunt or two... ill smoke a blunt and then cuddle you.
 my money smells like weed lol
 i wanted to take some landscapes today but the weather had other ideas snow @ weed  california 
 about to drive home because my smoke alarm is still going off and nothing will stop it. i have to be up in four hours 
 what are you doing after you smoke this 
 20oz of weed would be nice rn
 walked around smelling weed all day what a day
 wanted to smoke but everybody sleep 
 finally out of work time to smoke weed and watch anime
 no destination just driving stuck in my head in need of some more weed
 so into the movie we forgot to smoke the wax pen lmao
 ion even match no mo cs ppl dont b smoking pressure.. i might as well smoke one deep 
 i am going to write a book that was provisionally  entitled ennui  insomnia  marijuana amp malaise but will now be called
 i aint gona let you ride my weed bc ion surf
 @cnn trump snorts his coke  gives marijuana smokers hell
 it turns out that decriminalizing marijuana is harmful to the prison industry. typically nonviolent amp low maintena 
 but its like you got no choice but to wake up or you going miss a whole session amp i aint missing out on no weed
 breakfastisserved smoked salmon eggs benedict moonlight  boaz ft. cookie the monster amp hard tymez 
 lmaao i dont b tryin to its the weed 
 niggas can make sure they come smoke with you but cant make it to the job interview you got them...  this is why ...tf... the bs
 5 a day for 3 weeks if i dont smoke 
 im up and probably cant go back to sleep i should smoke of slagging
 im up and probably cant go back to sleep i should smoke or something
 besides  how can i focus on whether a bunch of movies ive never seen deserve an award when mondays lurking in the weeds like it is
 bro need to smoke before he go
 getting high off the weed always keep my pistol on the side of me and all the real killas gon ride w me and if i die ima die a g
 when ur 16yo is getting a 10 yr sentence in a private prison 4 a bag of weed  u can alway rest on last nights oscar wins. hurray progress
 if you smoke cigarettes i do not respect you at all
 tv   sleep   smoke   shop  
 i could never fuck with a girl that smoke cigarettes 
 we get it you smoke 
 wanna smoke my life away... thats my mood this morning
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 the new smoke alarm goes off anytime the oven is on. 
 @rbldiar wtf did we smoke i dont remember that scene homie 
 @aaomi wanna smoke 
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 rollin marijuana  thats a cheap vacation
 @kingjayyyy thats my girl. im gonna smoke her up soon.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1926 east 29th street baltimore  send message. 
 your wcw a weed head. you can do better
 when you leave your pen and bowl at home so no after workout smokes 
 when da weed man mobile amp he bringing u woods  issa lifesaver
 woaaah i hate weed
 all i care about is gettin my nuggets  weed  and as guessthatroommate
 i got my family  my car  my weed and my  like bro what else i need
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i need someone to smoke with or keep me company rn
 @rowzayischillin or smoke too hard then ill get the munchies.lmao
 all im tryna do is smoke blunts and get hella money
 askcam most you smoked at once @cammeekins
 come smoke w me 
 i see me in that ghost with a lot of smoke 
 wish i could smoke a blunt on the moon
 where i can get cheap rec weed near colorado springs
 @ihg you know its a windy ne day when you pull up amp your hotel has a wall of tumble weeds in front of it 
 joins us tonight for the latest episode of marijuana monday. a podcast dedicated to stones. 
 i always think i have a high tolerance until i smoke a bowl topped w kief and a res ball and then i die
 id judge a lot less if she wasnt smoking a blunt. its proven that weed doesnt lead to defects  but tobacco defi 
 im trynna smoke w themm like we did on lunch breaks back in high school lol
 i need you to smoke with me baby
 reminiscing rolling weed up
 since i dont drink or smoke retail therapy within the next few weeks shall suffice... 
 @midnight up in smoke californiamovies
 overheard in the library i honestly hate ecigs. it feels like sucking a robots dick. like i dont smoke it  it smokes me  you know
 high thought ..... waterproof blunt wraps so you can smoke in the shower 
 who wants to deliver some weed to the studio in soho
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 190198 south kossuth street baltimore 
 i wish all my clothes didnt smell like weed whoops
 this sure did look like a tornado coming at us. just a lot of smoke from a large brush fire. swf naples 
 smoking weed out of swishers or any stick  is gross as shit b..bongsdabsamppapers
 bitches be buysexual buy they ass liquor food or weed n they get sexual 
 lol yall can smoke. liquor will be my only vice.
 the difference between a flower and a weed is judgment
 @darealtank78 can i offer you a smoke and a pancake that will definitely make you sluggish....
 people who smoke cigarettes piss me off so bad 
 these damn smokers are hold up this wawa line.
 i can smoke again
 finna smoke me a nice ass bday blunt
 i swear and i already smoked so im be happy af when i get to work 
 who has the top secret clearance to find out duh he does pick up the phone this is all for show. smoke and mirr 
 this morning sunrise from the smokey haze from the fire down south loph county .@chriscbs4 @christomer 
 next show  repost smokerslungsammich with @repostapp  hey guys incase you werent aware  
 its 730 am  im wide awake. what was in that weed
 my mom didnt smoke when she had my brother. fucking horrible amp hes the oldest. if you know menace or kelvin youd know 
 @kristileenews that was funny about the roadrunner  are you sure youre not smoking weed  cause youve been cracking me up lately.
 groovetherapy | wed | free  dope dj. dope host. drink specials. smoke friendly patio. nola hip rnb soul event 
 einstein smoked. now fight me bitch. 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station 
 @sfkingz17 @realdonaldtrump if you were smart  you would see through the smokescreen. of course its a problem. sol 
 everyone better swallow they weed 
 dis bitch want to smoke all my weed but you gotta hold my pistol and my weed
 im going to catch second hand smoke 
 nationalpancakeday atlantic smoked salmon or @loxpopuli private stock sturgeon tonight only amp trout roe on johnn 
 if i continue to becoming a chef i definitely wanna move to a legalized state and do all sorts of cannabis infused dishes
 news veritas provides update acmpr and cannabis cultivation facility and production methodologygtgtread 
 but not weed 
 free smoke  anybody want it they can get it  no joke.
 havent sold weed to anyone in weeks  all my clients left amp this city is broke as fuck.
 life on the inside is hard. traded my last box of smokes for some nip. @ venice  california 
 gettin planetary high  pass weed to the martians.
 bitch stfu you dont smoke 
 i like the way she light it  we roll some weed and let her ignite it.
 this customer at work literally asked me if i knew where he could get any weed around there ... 
 you dont know how to smoke you cant smoke with me   sorry 
 all the nomnom @bluesmokenyc thewholepit bbq food eat southern nyc @ blue smoke 
 still cant believe only me mel and sam went to ganja and everyone else went to the lumineers lol we got rail and everything they missed out
 bro why do you wanna be a copso i can smoke for free hahahaha
 i smoke cigarettes because parkinsons runs in my family amp its a preventative measure. though i only found this out after years of smoking
 drinking a whiskey barrel aged the comrade by @zumbiermon @ smokers shop   photo
 i like going days without smokin bc when i do smoke i get sooo fried lol
 who got the bright idea to crossbreed marijuana and a plant that eats things i would like to speak to their man 
 florida weed is dank as fuck omg lololol
 when the cops smell the weed but you tell them you already smoked it. 
 the solo smoke is lolow the lonely smoke
 @tedcruz ryan is boehner 2.0 figures he spends the week in smoke filled back rooms with the crony health care insurers. non starter
 omg i just did like 50 lines of marijuana
 hit me up to smoke weed not to smoke cigs .
 this weed smell so good smh
 dam my car still smells like marijuana  my mom mas gonna kill me. gonna kill me
 in alien covenant they good looking for the best weed in the galaxy but the xenomorphs aint having none of that 
 ahahahah yes they always do because its most likely my weed  lmfao 
 this smoke smell is giving me a headache 
 i like to smoke before i start smoking
 who up tryna smoke 
 once yo parents find out you smoke they blame everything you do on weed
 a good bowl an in a awesome pipe both from cannabis21 c21 aberdeens kindest marijuana 
 i still need to pick up the peach palette and the naked smokey palette im abt to kms 
 im really about to stop smoking weed
 every time i smoke some bomb ass weed the night before i wake up feeling even more stoned   happyhumpday 
 looks like a beautiful sunset but the dark cloud is smoke from a 6000 acre wildfire by east 
 picture of a weedy sea dragon 
 families who survived burning apartment building say they do not have working smoke detectors  forced to escape 
 @kevinrschultz insurance cos. are dropping out as a leverage tactic to get what they want. more profit. its smoke and mirror crap.
 everyday should be nosmokingday   in the usa were down to 15.1 of the population that smokes. down from 20.9 a 
 toyotaofboerne is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 stories on the corner as i roll my marijuana
 i smoke to get rid of confusion
 minute made orange juice amp smoke breackfast .no thanks to my italian angry friends that can go eat shit and die as far as im concerned.
 always in the weeds. i need a weedwacker.
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smoke 
 all woodstock kids do is drink and smoke lol
 color amp retwist @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 shes also very good at copying things she better chillone time  a lady came up to usampsaid she was cute you could tell she was a smoker
 this pic is self explanatory. drop one of clues  for those 4.6 miles @mspersistent smoked us 
 i smoke like its legal
 should weed be legal in wv
 you can get smoked like a black and mild
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 810 brooks lane baltimore  send message.
 special whitefish katsu. smokey yuzu aioli  black sesame crisp  fried spinach. 
 pr220148 passed medical marijuana dispensary congressional review emergency declaration resolution of 2017 
 too bad i cant smoke anymore hahaha
 @kristenwadleigh now i want you to do a smokey eye like this  youd slay 
 lmao im probably your favorite instragram models weed man. 
 wanna play 2k but i wanna smoke
 i smoke my weed i drive my car i count my money
 i really deserve this smoke that im about to reward myself with
 khomeinis picture on the toman makes it look like hes giving the side eye to the weed lol 
 yeah  we came back to deschutes tonight  this time for dinner. this smoked gose feels like it 
  let me smoke this blunt cause im tripping obviously
 i got this song about weed. guess its time to gas 420 adhd marijuana  
 business idea once weed is legal  drive stoners around to get mcdoubles  doritos  etc. call it doobie cruise.
 @whoamillie and he smokes us out
 nothing like the redline train billowing smoke and forcing all its passengers off at 9 oclock at night  get it together transportation
 bro someone smoke me out 
 @potus mr president if these cities an counties want to b a sanctuary for illegals if i am correct marijuana is still illegal federal raid
 drugs im really in the weeds here bro jhfdjkfhdfkch
 man what i fucking plug i have. not only did he serve me the loudest shatter but he fixed my phone and smoked me up 
 i can talk to a girl that smokes weed... i cant talk to a girl who smokes cigarettes
 she said just bc you smoked a few joints your sophomore year... 
 pay what you owe  eighty a show close the curtain and smoke in the ghost migos
 girl come take this weed and let it calm you down  i rub your feet listening to everything you talking about
 equal rights  marijuana  universal healthcare  trans bathrooms... we all see the way this is going  why stand in the way.
 ends up being a serious ass snow storm and everyone car gets snowed in so we have to spend the night . lmao we got bottles and weed so we 
 since i dont smoke anymore  ive turned into an alcoholic 
 @jacobcastro smoked
 i have weed 
 low key wanna smoke some hookah
 i smoked a sherm stick now watch me walk on water
 @carterpe @clarajeffery what does putin have on trump we must know before bannon and  puppet trump destroy this country. too much smoke
 babe im gonna smoke when i get home  can u buy me wraps no alexys you dont want your probo extended do you babe pls swishers
 i just told my mom it smelt like weed and she goes  i just smoked a bong  lmfao
 rt amp sign petition to tell president trump meet with medical marijuana patients like petitioners sick daughter | 
 whos trying to smoke
 id smoke with them 
 my sister and her boyfriend are bffs they stay up all night and smoke and hang and laugh and they make my heart warm
 lol thug smoke mids im convinced. prolly dont know the difference in strains. 
 holy smokes... what a win for mu. feels good for kim.
 @theplumeroom thankyou. i smoked over 40 years. i failed at quitting over and over until i tried ecigs vapingsavedmylife
 when smokey doesnt pay that 200 on time smh 
 ima go home  smoke this j and mentally prepare myself for tomorrow
 kinda wanna go get some weed and go to the fish tables
 my roommate forgot about his popcorn in the microwave. whats the most efficient way to get rid of burnt popcorn smoke
 aw this shit sound smokepurpp as fuck
 never have i ever wanted to smoke a fat bowl so i can pass out until now 
 about to smoke an l  and go to bed with my babies
 hope you got weed for that mf too. tf 
 never have i ever had the urge to smoke so much weed until now 
 typical sudani dates  smokes  does whatever tf he wants expects to marry a completely innocent woman who has no sins in her past
 just wanna smoke till my eyes close on their own..
 @prettyomi two kinds of smoked salmon 9
 only if you drink the weed n smoke the beer 
 am i gunna be too tired to smoke a bowl when i get home
 if ive learned anything. live your life and enjoy every second of it. and smoke pot. thatstheendofmyrant
 and then its like do i wanna waste the high and go to sleep or waste the weed and the high
 miss da gang smh gotta link up and smoke 3 pounds at least
 if you dont talk to someone just bc they smoke or drink or party youre very closedminded. who knows what others are going thru be nice.
 lol was gonna take a tolerance break over spring break but i 4got my frens back home smoke 2
 they dont even smoke weed  they smoke rust  @kahlenbarry
 @lilymarlenefet less clothes more smoke nice
 great presentation tonight on copd and marijuana use. looking for a tool for your patients @atscommunity 
 gov. skeptical about marijuana bills that are advancing at capitol 
 no rt @onision do you smoke weed
 we just got medical marijuana here in fl...will help so many people. sessions is against it bc of big pharma.  
 @potus @realdonaldtrump @reince @stevekbannon @secpricemd 60 votes impossible so phase 3 smoke n mirrors please advise
 thundercat n smoke
 holy smokes. politics is always crazy  but this may take the cake. 
 @thedaledickson i beg to differ dale. this hoodies more of like a gravel gray  where my sweatpants are kinda like a light smoke gray.
 smoke my weed. eat my breakfast. my girl reads our horoscopes   out loud.
 it literally drives me insane how everyone a sting bc they smoke or drink
 cmon theres way too much smoke not to appt an independent comsn to get to bottom of this  trumps team were workin 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 299 south pulaski street baltimore 
 see our latest circleville  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 pretending its summer and not letting anyone know i was a wuss about the smoke getting in my eyes 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 @saartu143 oh i see im assuming come up is what the kids these days use to describe the effects of marijuana plant
 see our latest brunswick  tn job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 @katannihilator @wafflekittenn theres some in my bag im about to head to the smoking area to smoke.
 the hardest part about quitting will be when i hang w my homies bc all u niggas smoke
 you know you smoke too much when you want a whole nigga and your main reason is ur tired of lighting it lmfaooo 
 jamican weed nasty tbh lol
 dawg  do you remember that gigantic pile of snow on tonys desk do you know how much weed you have to smoke just to make the reference
 no matter how many times i wash my clothes my shit still smell like weed when i iron it 
 i done smoked with the best of them...
 frank hemphill  jr. obituary  frank hemphill  age 77  of kalamazoo  mi died march 4  2017
 holy smokes did she stay blonde or did she go brunette swipe left to see this huge 
 lol we smoke on ft when we cant smoke together. 
 ripbig its the ones that smoke blunts with ya  see your picture now they wanna grab they guns and come and get ya wemissyoubig
 @2greasly lmaoo ima smoke ya hairline you keep playing
 stfu courtney u cant even smoke 2 blunts baby lung ass bih
 15 of the most powerful women in the weed industry @complexmaglife 
 when you smoke weed and do sports at the same time  
 @libyaliberty @mattyglesias the true irony is we could save some of these peoples lives by legalizing marijuana war on drugs killing us.
 bra i need someone to talk to but fuck it ima smoke this ft and go bout my day
 its the that smoke blunts wit ya  see ya picture ..now they wanna grab the guns and come 
 so yesterday i smokedthrew a football with this guy i met at my gym. basically a bro sesh  right then whyd he have to ask me on a date
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1310 west pratt street baltimore  send message.
 husband and wife behind cannabis culture chain arrested in toronto 
 today would be a good day to smoke a blunt on the beach
 i need something to do at work  holy smokes
 @aaronbiscuits smoke a blunt
 its the ones that smoke blunts w ya
