 i dont wanna work anymore i just wanna smoke hella weed and kick it with the hommies
 jimobos thejuiceisloose guildguitars robbiegoldmusic livemusic event @ joes on weed st. 
 there aint enough smoke in my eyes to hide this kinda game youre tryna play.
 ive never wanted to smoke a bowl so bad. kms laspo
 i love joints i love blunts i love bongs i love pipes i love weed
 me waiting for that loan deposit to hit bc im the brokest ive ever been in my life and i desperately need weed an 
 i was looking through my camera roll and holy smokes has this school year fd me up
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1810 wilhelm street baltimore  send message.
 damn thats not even weed 
 i cant even smoke weed right now i just failed a drug test im sick
 ready for this meeting to be over so i can smoke and finally go to bed 
 when miguel said his studio smelt like weed and gummy bears..
 everything i own is covered with dog hair  makeup  and weed an autobiography
 smoking weed in my backyard....sooooo peaceful.....
 freshman walks up to me and asked if he smells like weed.. im dropping out
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 permission to have a smoke... why not
 i cant smoke 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2700 southern ave  send message. 
 being raised right doesnt mean you dont drink  party  and smoke. being raised right is how you treat  people  your manners amp respect. 
 just because you are cited for weed doesnt mean you are troubled ha 
 car with hadooop license plate  emitting clouds of vape smoke
 im better than weed mixed with molly 
 i smoke denver nugs with my fourniers  i thread the needle like im ernest hemigway guui
 this dude called me and asking me if he could buy some weed. 
 if u wanna smoke with me   dont bring no bullshit
 man we just go to the skate park  skate  smoke  and chill. but yeah fuck bikers its very dangerous having them on the same park.
 @ucpdcal @leahrboss they wont disperse sir well switch from panzies to dandelions that will weed them out.
 i asked this guy @ work what he likes to do for fun amp he tells me  i like to smoke my weed 
 i havent smoked since summer amp im proud of myself but damn ive been craving a fat blunt lately 
 @oletedstilts its fucken sick. if a porter is gonna have smoke  i want all the smoke they have to offer.
 my room smells like farts  weed  amp a tobacco amp patchouli candle that i burn in attempts to cover the scent of farts amp weed
 rich nigga shit smoke 2 pounds in a week
 tweeting about your boyfriend when youve been single for over a year to weed out the soft ones who dont go after what they truly want gt
 this me everytime i smoke 
 recall smokeless tobacco products sold in wisconsin may contain metal objects 
 you smoke a lot of pot dont you  or was it just today  @jeffmueller
 i remember in jr highhs the popular kids thought i was a weird delinquent  little did ya know yall would end up smokers amp drinkers too lol
 i need more girlfriends. someone go on a smoke cruise with me later and lets get lunch i need some mexican in my life.
 @billhemmer  garland is an irrelevant ridiculous argument . dems including manchin are blowing smoke
 wow someone smoked weed right before getting on this bus
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 i try to smoke less than 4 gs a day cuz i smoke tooo much g
 yay got the day off. gonna smoke some gas and play kingdom hearts all day
 is anybody alive in sarasota smoke that 
 @saffronian @ilsefrau u cant get medical marijuana from a hospital mail order only. why target this one company when dozens are doing it
 3rd beer from the 7 vintage flight. best so far.  drinking a smoked porter 2009 at @acesandalestena  
 i want somebody to smoke w rn
 the smell of marijuana is quite delightful.
 im just tryna smoke and eat a pizza puff with fries and mild sauce 
 currently having the biggest smoke sesh in tampa bay history. pull up if you have some loud
 me tony hit the blunt tony nah i dont even smoke like that chris tony remember when we got high asf yesterday 
 fuck @boystomen    grows till the end of the choad trouser ham slow smoked its unnatural  just a schlong to you  magic wand pee pee
 i took my smoke alarms battery out and its still churping 
 im so annoyed bro. i just wanna smoke.
 late night smokes
 dear santa  all i want is two fat bitches amp a bag of weed
 i havent smoked in months 
 its the ones that smoke blunts with ya  ripbiggie @ brooklyn  new york 
 stupid smoke detector has to start beeping at 530 am. my dog are going to loose it.
 while setting your clocks for daylight saving time  its a good time to check the batteries on your smoke detectors 
 im so starved for affection. guess ill just smoke this bowl and go back to sleep.
 dont forget to change your smoke detector batteries when you change your clocks this weekend.it helps cut the risk of dying in a house fire
 @shortpresents happy frrriday  kayla how excited are you for your trip to the big smoke rolluptherim
 incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17s  hempstead avenue 
 @lifewinning now does 420 cologne smell like weed or does it mask weed smell
 im not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary  but  
 1st day at the agency me so who are we targeting boss creators of cannabis edibles. me lol boss its a billi 
 currently watching a girl smoke a big blunt in her car. in broad daylight at 1040 in the morning. now shes taking selfies. you do you girl
 this dude at my job ask this african is he eating smoked elephant for his lunch. im  crying over here. 
 i dip it in the blunt i wna smoke the mud
 they cant hold shadows back no mo. like chain smoke. the flames of my life burn low  with fumes of sighs and weed smoke.
 2 months ago the jobs report was fake news. now its amazing and wonderful. this administration is pure smoke and m 
 sorry ion smoke dirt 
 stall moved to the right shoulder in galleriaarea on 610 w lp nb before hempstead  stop and go traffic back to 69 the sw fwy traffic
 how many people trust they weedman to go to the store for them an get change
 i wanna see if i can keep the smoke in my mouth when i depthroat but im still single.
 out with @ladyauteanna. todays agenda eat  smoke  work  
 does virginia beach even have good weed anymore
 i wonder if otis redding smoked a whole pack of cigarettes right before recording each of his songs
 up in smoke 
 my dad just killed my whole vibe   i hate how he is when he doesnt smoke amp it makes me sad 
 i smoked and went to texas de brazil and i ate more food than ive ever eaten in my entire life and im not okay  but easily worth it.
 need people to smoke with
 say no to drugs.... yes to weed
 i actually sometimes hate the fact that my dad smokes cause he stays asking me to give him some of my shit 
 more russian smoke... 
 and weed and w @daysinthelife 
 i dont feel the same urge to smoke with menthols than i did with lights
 @monicae163 they must have the really good stinky weed.
 igotataxdeductionfor all the cannabis i bought last year
 @maybeacrook @jarnoldtamu85 it just made me have like one negative tick on smoked meat. its good but its just not a fav of mine.
 well of course i smell like weed bitch  i fucken smoke it
 remember you used to have to put your weed in your sock amp the 18 of shitty beer in a backpack to get past the rents lol how far weve come
 police bloomington couple smoked marijuana before dropping baby  causing skull fracture. 
 had to show a little smoke classic chevy hope u enjoy @vettestang @mminsurance @mifbadvisoryllp 
 smoke weed see galactic nature elemental fairies   eat acid see god  smoke dmt transcend into exoreality alien sou 
 kentucky rural blog half of state counties producing industrial hemp as farm interest increases  
 i just want to make art with beautiful women. stack lots of cash. smoke dank. and keep it 
 you didnt shower and you smoked homeboys weed...he had every right to put you out. 
 i could be smoking a blunt in bed naked rn but i dont smoke in my house so
 i dont either. i also dont want to pay for coverage for lung cancer for smokers. or prostates or testicles or run 
 accident cleared in hempstead on the southern st pkwy eb at grand ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 8 mins traffic
 a little smokey  drinking a jolene by @bentwaterbrewco @ boston center for the arts   
 tryna smoke hella blunts and have a long ass conversation with yuh
 just getting off interstate at the gap from smokey mountains speedway wow 
 im sorry yall. i cannot write about chinese music without getting into the weeds about scales and modes. musictheoryforever
 all the things you can smoke in this world and you pick a cig 
 the 10 yo is calling 911 now saying the 14 yo brother shouldnt be there and is going to smoke marijuana.
 candlelight ball pregame with hempelkd love beautiful nofilter @ nashville hilton downtown 
 smoke weed  eat chicken fingers
 tell tess its a requirement to smoke a cig after eating
 everybody eats @ bears smokehouse bbq hartford 
 just wanna eat  drink  and smoke
 me as suffocating at the casino bc i cant breathe bc the smoke
 you smoke another word for lets fuck.
 we dont smoke the same 
 dadill give you spending money when you go on your mission trip to jamaica bc i know youll need some ganja..someone cut him off
 toronto trends now emery  cannabis culture  toronto  raptor  pearson. 
 im so fucken stoked to play with weedeater.
 just smoked amp felt like taking a selfie looks.  
 my dad asked me if i had been smoking weed bc i came home with my hood on 
 @wwebitches @cp24 @cramersshirt @grassosteve @realdonaldtrump @albion spence smokes for the last 64 years and ain 
 now its time to smoke a blunt
 our sweet  beautiful childrens comedian @yourboydylan might sell weed out of a kayak  look for him out on the 
 caribbean tings @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 lost 20 bucks of weed 
 never trust a girl dat smoke blacks
 another uga player arrested for weed. why yall do dumb shit. cmon now. 
 hi my name is gucci mane im addicted to everything fast cars  bad bitches  weed and promethazine
 my phone so dry i might as well let yall contact me through smoke signals
 anyways i cant wait to be back home and smoke a damn cig. havent had one all dayyyyyyy
 rich and dark with a hint of smoke.  drinking  the loneliness by @blockthree at @blockthree   
 @loganauntie i was done had smoked a roach before i even lit the jay the roach was a nice size nd i smoked half of the second was on a cloud
 just saw a mom smoking weed in the car with her child in the back..
 south hempstead ny sun mar 12th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 turns out michael brown wasnt robbing that convenience store  he was trading weed for swishers 
 theory chainsmokers fans dont actually chain smoke  rather they think chain smoking is gross except for when they did it at a house party.
 cream cheese amp jalapeno stuffed deer backstrap wrapped in applewood smoked bacon. 
 if you hit me talk about smoke sumn or lets get it cloudy. nigga you rollin up  not me.
 ten hours in the smoker  the beef ribs turned out perfect. bbq austin texas atxbbq @ austin  
 my uncle really be tryna flame niggas like he just dont smoke crack 
 you would think after smoking w the first one youd grow up and learn to not smoke w the next child but then again some people are idiots
 i wanna smoke and want somebody to match me
 @donnabrazile  are you drinking or smoking the weed
 @almyroh susan smokes the lound blounts
 i dont even remember yos name but he wants no smoke
 im eating a big piece of cannabis infused nerd rope with a swedish fish center  
 this was suppose to be a selfie. then i realized the guy behind the fence was smoking weed. true story lol 
 instead of being upset  lets tax marijuana  booze  and taco trucks to help fix the real problems.
 @marieglapion @nytimes my dad smoked 4 packs ciggies a day. my sister has baan a coke addict 4 30 yrs. nephew now on pot. ocd in my family.
 really just trynna smoke n go to bed  gotta put this boy down first
 most plug i ever received at a cannabis event socalbadparty thank you @dopemagazine 
 im kinda ready to take on my smoothie soup diet this week but the thought of a smoked salmon sandwich sounds amazing 
 i wanna smoke but to lazy to roll
 one of my coworkers just called me to smoke like bro go to sleep
 i dropped bri off at work amp she gave me a blunt some weed and keys to get the gb mom goals 
 hcsm news  after recalls  marijuana industry focuses on sharing test results  cannabis labtech pharma
 having coffee amp a smoke be4  i start cleaning did yard work yesterday just gonna clean house 2day
 idk saying mike brown traded some rellos for weed instead of stealing aint much of a brighter tale...
 guess who aint getting trapped in the crib with no weed 
 what did you switch from coke to weed 
 i mean they didnt say they smoke dicks  they dont call their friends boos and baes etc  thats why we called youn 
 good my weed only thing i gotta stop for today is some charcoal amp maybe another cooler just in case the power goes out ......
 you coulda thought she wanted to smoke  bitches is ill 
 hit the weed cause it might calm you down   i rub your feet listen to everything you talkin bout 
 she just wanna smoke and fuck...i said girl thats all that we do...okay...now you talkin my language now you talkin my language....
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1603 edmondson avenue baltimore  
 wen da smoke buddies pullup hi @ austin  texas 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 600 north bouldin street baltimore  
 lunch is served yourfavoritescentsygal ilovepotatoes @ jennies smoked burgers 
 i smoke weed  lets pop a joint jonas 
 slavery is a weed that grows on every soil.  edmund burke 
 can you get high from second hand pot smokeare there any rules that kids cant be around people who are high or getting high aurorapd
 im always in a bad mood when i dont get to smoke a couple bowls throughout the day
 @kaityb98 ahhh im so excited ill bring the weed
 feeding her hemp sourdoughstarter
 happy smokes at villagio in merrick park shops 
 @michaell0302 thats the problem  transition it just right  there would be more jobs. hemp produces 15 times faster than lumber. many jobs.
 ok weed tho
 ima smoke out my nina lmao
 @gregmcconico5 heard drummer smoked you
 buddy got caught with 40 lbs of weed.... bruh why are you trappin mary jane you are a straight goofy
 it becomes hard to english when ive smoked too much  
 im in a relationship with weed. weed dont cheat  weed dont lie  weed dont fuck with my feelings  we dont disappoint.
 ready smoke my brains out
 your mcm carries 5 worth of weed in his backpack to seem cool.
 this girl really just said an 8ball of weed. goodnight
 the guy at the tattoo place was mega cute other than the weed tats on his face  like i cant bring that home to my mom 
 my sister used to wake me up around this time to smoke knowing i had to go to school 
 i wish i could smoke right now 
 i smoke to much 15 a gram to be broke
 waterhemp is still the 1 weed in missouri  but palmer is closing the gap.  
 flashback to sunday brunch feat. smoked salmon from @boucherlawrence amp @fairmountbagel mtlmoments mtlplateau 
 we gone wake up amp smoke us a blunt and fucc
 oh yea forgot to mention i am a legal medical marijuana patent lol 
 look at this government issued weed  
 @graceanaaaa thanks boo as long as i got my weed im happy 
  solubrio the worlds only 100 pure hypochlorous  specifically formulated for the cannabis industry   hocl i502
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 im boutta walk thru this blizzard to buy woods and smoke with homeboy
 really about to go smoke this blunt in the blizzard with my girls 
 wayne tracker environmentalist at large.. no mission to dire.. u dont like smoke well i walk in the fire.. changing climate is what i aspire
 yall they tryna kill us with this good seasoning   this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 @yaredofficial bring weed over here
 @spacekatgal if i wasnt 700 miles away id totally come  even though youd smoke me and my prius d
 over 24 inches so far from blizzard2017 stellablizzard here in ny.  my poor smokers 
 i dont smoke backwoods i only smoke swishers but fin to start smoking out of raws 
 hooka smoke going to be covering the dominican fans
 its ight i smoke crack 
 tmrw the house judy comm. can do something about als failed war on marijuana. why support hb269  alpolitics
 food truck smoked brisket.  amazing greatpeople @ r.o.s outpost 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now a little more high in my smoke now
 i wanna smoke lol
 your shit amp hurt our team so bad glad alshon jeffery gets to smoke you twice a year 
 if you wanna go ahead and smoke your life away whether you like it or not you know that hits for me 
 i used to smoke stressed now the shit legal i can make a rolls royce feel like a regal
 lmfao the fact that me and @drewdinis smoked a blunt with my grampy 
 i actually remember watching that game at on q smokehouse in san antonio  fl when i was living in tampa. yes  im a 
 ducking off asap go to work  smoke   go home stack this mf paper
 oh  we know ... we just need fire  not just a bunch of smoke. need to find the right arsonist  anarchist in trump 
 she just put weed in the bowl.  she dont have time for herself.  she puttin points on the board  yes.  you know she carry her own.
 some girl let me smoke some of her blunt on 6th for 1 sxsw
 @curbsideart open to the public. say yes when they ask if you smoke. 21
 nobody in this house has weed and im going to cry
 its way too cold to smoke outside the only choice i have is to pull gbs out the window.
 id rather be smoking weed every time we breathe every time u kiss me
 i dont like my weed put in a grinder
 @demajorvapor @forbes  get those booze drinkers off the streets amp have them smoke pot at home no d.u.i.s  no alco 
 smoke my weed and mind my business all 2017.
 i got a weed card today and the doctor spoke to me for less than 60 seconds. america is already great mother effers
 i need a baddie to smoke with
 if anything  im mad i cant smoke his weed anymore without him trying to fuck. this aint that.
 rlly stopped smoking weed in public all together unless i was on the east or sumthing
 @midnight the ganja must be crazy drugmovies
 yall my high is so extremely good rn went to this amazing lit ass new clinic smoked some good kush n now im eatin a lemon cupcake 
 i had a dream that i was driving around w a pound of weed at 4 am and i passed a cop going 50 mph
 lol trump smokes mid 
 happy humpday and weed wednesday 
 my eyes are so swollen from working in the smoke all night  that it looks like i got the worst news of my life and cried the entire night..
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 why does my garage smell like weed 
 @shaunking i wonder where all the weed junkies are at.
 cant wait to be one of those old men who sit at the exxon in farmersville and smoke all day
 also  this weather makes me wanna go to the park amp smoke a blunt.. like we used too lol
 this is a great morning smoke. this pdr capa natural made alligator 
 or you can get paid in weed with your customer link 20 for 20
 see our latest canalfulton  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter park  fl 
 havent smoked all morning lol so if you know me you know how i been acting 
 @cnn @mcuban he wont say no  but  if hes dumb enough to run  voters will say no in record numbers. shut up and smoke a weed
 midnight society doing another la show in june  better venue  no xans  no straps  a lot of weed  alcohol  moshing  and dope energy.
 when your boys smoke without you oneadaygif @joebelli 
 he just plain lies about weed 
 got me a new weed canister
 @dailycaller hands off my weed
 you maam  are a smoke
 @victowiamarie lol i am but luckily i lose weight faster than i smoke a blunt
 @yasavannah i took us on some of the best smoke rides w my crazy ass driving skills  ur my lil sis  my arms always gon be open for u 
 bronzy smokebig waves  perfect for every day and in every way . . makeuphair by yours truly 
 i dropped my weed in the bodega and had to go back and get it 
 so to @ellisrose  grandma for pulling over and letting me roll up and smoke
 kubus in greenpoint. they smoke cigs inside so u know its legit 
 always smoke myself to sleep
 some talk to me or hang with me or smoke a blunt with me or send me music
 wow  this is a crazy amount of smoke non rauch. its actually smokier th... ryeght in two  photo
 damn 2 days sober since i smoke weed
 barely smoke now and never was too much into drinking cause yall bitches look thewww and by 21 i gotta b that bitch
 a chick that smokes as much as me gtgt
 sometimes i smoke all the weed and dont get stoned n sometimes i just take one hit n i get fucking lit. why 
 where are the millions of new high paying jobs trump   wages are still lost in the weeds  not keeping up with what little inflation we see
 @mariabartiromo @morningsmaria @foxbusiness @dagenmcdowell @arthurbrooks some info on pharmaceutical cannabis stocks procons
 tan healthy when your outside with spf. hempz has a new line out with moisturizers and spf 30 to 
 coffee  weed  
 can i get a random 10 minute break whenever i want do you smoke no no.  oh.
 hahahah a role model for our children...bitch every parent know snoop dog a weed lion and could care less about us 
 hear em yall  free smoke. 
 studying marijuana in my addictions course and all i keep thinking is 
 they put a smoke shop right by my house 
 salmon toast  deconstructed   hickory smoked salmon  dill  capers  scallions and lemon. 
 what a pleasure to meet author nishi whiteley at the hemp amp garden show at sxsw in austin  tx. 
 im a thug nigga  i dont smoke hookah  yg
 ion smoke nowhere near as much as i used to
 @smoss u nickel dime dickhead what the fuck you know about anything but sucking dicks. shut up asshole go the fuck back the hood smoke dope
 @doublechinner @kevinmkruse @adamhsays i urge you to go to lockhearts smokehouse in dallas  and youll change your mind.
 myluckycharmis this blunt im about to smoke 
 had to buy some raw cones last night cause my dawg dont smoke blunts
 she like to drink and smoke some doja
 cali got the best women weed and weather which constitutes it as the best state
 my professor just told our class to go smoke a joint to not be so stressed out all the time .... 
 my spirit animal is cannabis sativa
 lmaoo damn toom yall had the pregame smoke @avitoomer 
 love this group check them out at cue17 on saturday morning in smoketree @ggusd @ggusdedtech @mslnguyen4 
 to smoke and skate or play frisbee golf wat shuld i do
 smoke good weed w a bad bitch
 lets stop raiding on marijuana to save resources. 
 when bitches say they have a connection for weed you know dam straight she fucking the guy or sucking his dick for that free weed 
 i smoke like i dont need lungs
 @grathejamaican smoke 
 @keitholbermann @seanhannity  hannity really needs to quit working and smoke pot for about a year.  relax amp gain some perspective.
 jeff sessions just spoke candidly about marijuana and you wont like what he said @themotleyfool stocks  
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a middddnight tokerrrr
 herb aint my man nomore he smoke cigarettes
 @nausica21 weed  silver dye 
 bri called me and listened to me vent and smoke for 20 minutes what would i do without her
 i smell like smoke 
 i just want to smoke and vent.
 possible imparement to driver by marijuana
 @salon has kindly published me twiceboth essays about weed. p.s. fuck you  @jeffsessions. resign  you incompetent 
 bring a dutch and we can smoke 
 @missyoutommy @time @realdonaldtrump or teenager zach hammond shot in the back by cops over two marijuana joints. c 
 my brain is so tired i keep forgetting i smoked a cig 5 minutes ago
 i hate the smell of weed after im smoking
 mechanic ay you aint smokin weed in here huh me lmfao nah dawg  mechanic yea bullshit 
 institutional growth mindset means that the school tries to keep people in rather than weed them out cagstem2017 brynmawrcollege
 girls who smoke newports gtgtgtgtgt
 kush weed gets me higher  amp the diesel get me blowed
 i love smoking weed...i hate advice
 smokes weed once 
 going to go home  smoke a bunch of dope  take 15 shots and hope tomorrow turns out better
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4020 frederick ave  send message. 
 i woke up with tremendo hangover  but weed fixes everything right
 41 days till my birthday and i would like unlimited supplies of weed  raspberry iced tea  and ice cream cookie sandwiches.
 10 days of brine  15 hours of smoke and the corned beef is ready  happy st. patricks day 
 .@joerogan should start a cannabis legalization coalition.  asap.  get @theurbangrower on your podcast to talk coalitionslegalization.
 why i smell smoke @citybeautiful
 this @metra train reeks of weed lol. happy friday. somebody is having a good start to the weekend. 
 @bigeldogg theres some good spots  kings hwy amp smoke shack
 @thickgoddesss lol everyone smokes on 420
 yo people be blowing my high ... and i dont even smoke 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 has anyone ever gotten the ok to smoke in their uber before
 i need to smoke 
 hit this weed because it might calm you down
 yall will litterally spend 70 in a week on weed to smoke everyday but always complain about how yall broke maybe thats why 
 the only thing thats exotic is this weed in my pocket  hoodbooger theneverstory j.i.d
 who tryna smoke w me 
 when your uncles are talking about how they spent 800 on weed
 if she smokes  she pokes.
 i gave nate this can to put his weed in and he just gives it away thts fucked
 i dont even need to smoke my own weed here. goodness.
 someone is smoking weed on the train im about to fucking vomit
 holy smokes im so giddy 
 i need to smoke 
 swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato 
 my filet is smoking weed. yeah faggot  the steaks are high
 nap niggas piss me off but yall the plug but sleep asf tho wake yall ass up an make yall self some money cus i need to smoke 
 @beaknit @shaneharris definitely weird  seems like a lot of smoke around flynn and the russians  more every day
 i jst wanna smoke amp drink all day
 everyone on my tl talking bout they feel like shit exactly why i hate drinking ill smoke 10 dutches and wake up the next day brand new 
 my plan was to listen to music nd smoke not tweet 
 smoke weed and do what you love 
 free smoke for anybody on this imessage basketball tip even my cousin getting killed no mercy for nunayall  
 hashtag come over and smoke w me
 ikno im mad i dont even wanna smoke
 you to young if you cant finish this line...  my name is joker habitual smoker i burn so many trees  that i have splinters in my toaster..
 free smoke free smoke ayyy free smoke free smoke ayyyy  ovosoundradio morelife
 free smoke morelife
 origami  @ north hempstead  new york 
 free smoke
 i need to hear that free smoke again tho
 currently ordering weed delivery while a handyman i called from an app assembles a tv stand i bought on amazon. mixed feelings on all of it
 free smokeeeeee.
 tell me what you need i got youngins selling white   selling weed .
 free smoke
 be so blunt that they could smoke your truth.
 @drake x free smoke 
 its that time...granpuro punch @ smokey joes cigar lounge and sports bar 
 date night  @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  bowling green  ky 
 svengoolie stella is in the corner having a smoke
 someone pick morgan and i up and lets smoke and go to the races
 free smoke free smokkkee
 im just tryna smoke 
 i smoke gas  thats that hercules  strong marijuana
 do you ever just turn up your earphones and smoke like you on a deserted island
 well i made it home safely thank you lordy ... guess i might as well smoke myself to sleep 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i need to stop ruining my body with smoke and alcohol but im not gonna cuz also fuck my body
 laundry. clean up . smoke. chill
 niggas really be feins over weed its sad i
 i need to go home  i need weed before my cramps kill me
 but let me smoke this dope amp get on these moves. nodaysoff
 @potus lt today might be a good day for you to decompress  a lil weed  peyote  @itspetergabriel and a sweat lodge for the day... trustme.
 goddammit @bruceprichard i had to blame the weed for my red eyes after listening to you talk about roddy at the end.thanks man.
 why does it smell like weed and jalapeos in here and what the fuck is in that trash bag
 holy smokes @wieagles boys basketball are the new york state champions congrats boys cardonisalegend letsgoeagles proudalum
 free smoke   free smoke ayyy @drake
 we smoked a full 28 grams in 2 days how lmao
 papi why your eyes so squinty me im sleepy. little brother your eyes are squinty cause you smoked sissy.  hes too damn smart.
 the sun is shining im smiling again and i left the fattest jar of weed for myself. i love you california
 plant your hope with good seeds  dont cover yourself with thistle and weeds
 free smoke
 free smoke free smoke 
 i need an obscene amount of weed  rn.
 and i smoke so much thrax
 fucking weirdos how do i get out of that record contract idk dont smoke crack drugs are bad mmkay
 bag of bones inside my closet bag of weed inside my pocket keep it there to keep me cool yeah fuck that drama i dont want it medusa dh
 i am just as much against cannabis marketeers amp profiteers as i am all others. tracey g peoplebeforeprofit peoplebeforepolicy
 need more friends in my life thatll smoke and paint with me man.
 free smoke free smoke 
 it would be awesome if i could walk into the axtell store and not come out smelling like cigarette smoke.
 @cjguala hell naw woods aint right wtf im supposed to smoke out now 
 free smoke free smoke aye
 @silkbrah @brianbeckner @gregvegas @blaiseinkc @vicnocal @travisrodgers @jimrome @willyinkc tough one. hope lamar odom doesnt smoke crack.
 ...but i bet you never blew a smoke ring this big... braincandylive @ the florida theatre 
 its just smoke... 
 gonna smoke and chill with eric tonight 
 free smoke  free smoke
 if you barely smoke being high is the best feeling ever
 free smoke
 i just want pussy money weed  pussy money weed pussy money weed
 god made dirt. dirt dont make you hurt. good made weed. weed dont make you bleed.
 today is def a smoke amp cuddle day 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 thanks @ldforry for calling out the importance of packaging and messaging of marijuana to keep our young people safe
 listen to smoke  really want it  by smoke np on soundcloud  pressplay broward 954 deerfield shit..
 @verumvulnero1 kokomo but smoke show  yes  @molratty @dettitanup
 see our latest kansascity  ks job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 see our latest franklin  in job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 im the opposite. i can rap amp cant smoke. 
 here comes more smoke and mirrors re testimony against our @potus @realdonaldtrump in the form of confrontation  b 
 holy smokes @lavandnoir this is very cool. thank you 
 my weed smell mustard 
 free smoke aye
 no legends smoke wet...
 quote of day by @malcolmnance people keep saying theres smoke but no fireits smoke that kills you you know he wanted to add idiots
 i just wanna smoke on the balcony  this lovely ass weather
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 @repkvw sb184 would not allow for unwanted exposure.  if a person does not want to be exposed to marijuana they dont have to be.
 @angeelinajoiie you are the thot queen. no one wants to sleep with an old thot brad pitt ran for his freedom from your second hand smoke
 life goal i wanna smoke weed through a crab leg....
 everybody  smokey back here taking a shit  
 that dopamine from the smoke  the coke  the lean is temporary when your third eye aint opening 
 dnt smoke cigarets and go into the sauna after. some ppl are allergicamp sensitive to nicotine  have some respect 
 steph dont want no smoke
 these smoke detectors wont stop 
  since i cut my dreads off  not one person has walked up to me in a club or bar and asked if i have weed or coke id be willing to sell...
 no funny none of my friends from harlem smoke its annoying 
 southern got too many folks tryna be drug dealers. weed has never been that serious
 @djdense damn dense  you already droppin free smoke
 just ordered a bunch of colorful smoke bombs on amazon  so if you can breakdance  lemme know although i should alr 
 but she dont smoke  
 i wanna smoke weed to this so i wanna do coke
 i fucking love weed bruh
 when a female think you bouta smoke them out foh you matching or pitchin
 work was good finna smoke good
 heard on the radio that ohio legalizing weed in may
 big year for rapper weed first future then  dave chapelle big year for rapper weed
 ion want no type smoke if yo main thang all in my vault
 i smoke when i drink its tradition
 @pdialect dig the sounds man  just checked out smoke in the cavern
 if she smokes them fugs  cigarettes yes 
 @justintrudeau govt weed will never succeed. take your hst from the sales amp go. or cdns will grow their own.  cdnpoli vanpoli topoli
 @broadly @alyssamastro44 weed always got me through times of no obama better than obama got me through times with no weed.
 i remember some nigga really tried to tell me i had to choose between him and weed. like nigga  weed is permanent. yo ass is not.
 free smoke 
 @randomhigh5s listed to about a 13 of it today. i lost interest. but we should free smoke.
 free smoke  free smoke
 @explosiveprofit almost every cannabis consumer since forever has therefore been part of your made up black market culture. so what
 you ever just like  fuck it i got weed 
 free smoke  dem other tracks boo boo 
 when i would google entire questions i dont smoke 
 cant wait until i can use my cvs card to get savings on cvsbrand generic weed.
 nice full weed jar
 i remember how you smiled through the smoke in a crowded little coffeehouse and laughed at all my jokes
 smoking weed . talking mess . 
 like why invite me out amp you smoking weed in ya fucking car like i dont smoke amp i dont want that fucking smell in my clothes amp hair
 i only smoke wit alex 
 pork blade bone in roast spent 12 hours in the smoker today. tomorrow pulled pork sandwiches. 
 instead of meditating i smoke a blunt while watching msnbc 
 lol some niggas u gotta roll the blunt tight on specially them niggas that smoke like a vacuum cleaner
 but why didnt i smoke tf out before this lmao
 i guess ill just smoke by myself 
 someone come smoke with meeee
 free smoke 
 dawg iont even smoke but i know thats some dick head shit. he mustve thought your name was chad and you went to g 
 skrr lemme just stay my ass at home  smoke this blunt amp stay outta trouble 
 brothas are locked for weed  they lives gone over weed... but yall lettin sickos like him go free the justice syst 
 so any humans wanna hang and smoke
 i ask if she smoke and she tell me no im smokin up all the weed
 @theecoolestdork i wanna smoke a bleeze rn. 
 what a total dumbass stick to your weed and flask and leave the country fixing up to the grown ups. 
 i just smoked half a cig. im bouta faint.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1822 eastern ave  send message.
 free smoke free smoke
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 good thing theres hemp  rice  oat  cashew  soy  almond  coconut  etc 
 stay safe. smoke his ass next time 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1203 w cross st  send message. 
 gas what i smoke nigga .
 free smoke is really summer sixteen with a different beat smh
 @lizleon i still have a quarter of weed so idc
 we have 15 different flavored hemp wraps in stock right now hemp  
 @samriggsmusic u have easy chords for second hand smoke i want to learn it for open mic great song thanks
 i want to smoke
 we want all the smoke ya dead patna get smoked we lookin for boat
 @alexismcguffin just smoke a blunt with me
 does it matter that there is no evidence of fire if the smoke is suffocating 
 free smoke free smoke
 smoke good weed w a bad bitch
 @daaaannyt lol i dont do weed delete me
 i call myself not smoking no more   man im so bored i just wanna call the weed man 
 2nd course crispy confit duck wings by @eldridgesk of @provision pgh w smoked tomato amp peach | soy caramel | sesa 
 somebody bring me food and ill smoke a blunt w you
 anyone wanna smoke
 and here we are with a brand new concept called cannabis families 
  weed look like snowflakes
 eat ur greens and also smoke them
 you dont want smoke on my gang twentythree thousand my chain
 i tried the jerkin aint dead challenge and almost passed out. i didnt smoke or drink this much in middle school. im passed my prime.
 twitterafterdark nutmilkoclock goldenlikwit turmeric. crunchy sunflower amp sesame butter. molasses. coconut oil. almond milk. hemp lt3s
 normally i smoke every night before bed  but i was testing out not doing it yesterday and today amp ive had 3 hours of sleep total 
 neeed smokes lol yo somebody help sos
 more smokescreens smh 
 i put on all my sweet smelling thangs to now go stand in smoke...lovely...
 @murrayssturgeon trip advisor reviews gold medal smoked fishbest smoked fish in the city a relic still excell 
 how can anyone smoke dust pcp angeldust
 do the members in sublime smoke marijuana
 when tf did our smoke session at work become a therapy session with beer and throwback music
 for some weed shorty smh 
 curry amp smoked salt sweet potato fries govegan vegan plantbased fries sweetpotato 
 @misspepita my american mother in law is real nice  just smokes weed everyday. my british parents have never given me even one weed go usa
 we broke him out the hospital to smoke oh my god im going to jail 
 people post weed in louisiana like its legal then wonder why yall get arrested  youre telling on yourself dumb ass
 @kayleighmcenany you should be proud of yourself you are a great flower in a field of weeds poisonous ones they are bad. you are good
 breaking tigers news you heard it here 1st  jimmy smokes to announce candidacy for 2020.  jimmysmokesforpotus 
 concept an easter egg hunt but instead of candy  weed
 it takes 1015mins to smoke a blunt. there are 1440 minutes in a day. if he smokes 75 blunts a day taking 10 mins t 
 @infowars yep smoke and mirrors
 this guy on the phone talking to me about weed and he got the same birthday as me  scorpios man 
 said  americans dont understand bill. blow smoke uo someone else ass collins. 
 ioon smoke unless its gas
 so to them lil niggas that just tried to sell me some weed lmaooooooooo
 me and evan waiting to smokeeee these blunts lmao
 free smoke free smoke 
 @conor64 if you ask south central  women  weed  and weather. the north  wine  agriculture  and water.
 future farm an emerging leader in cultivation amp extraction  cannabisfn 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 25002598 booth street baltimore  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 25002598 booth street baltimore  
 cig smoke makes me sneeze 
 when the trumprussia smoke clears  the only one left in the line of succession 
 on all seriousness  i love smoking weed lmao
 dead too tired af just wanna get off wash clothes then smoke some
 coffee and a morning smoke will always be my preferred morning pick me up.
 we smoke  we laugh  we talk about the vision
 smoking weed till my head right
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 164 n decker ave  send message. 
 drs. janana snowden amp bill richardson talk about the states medical marijuana program @ 7pm march 24 @lpborgs loui 
 my lawn full of weed 4 trayvon
 bbq smokin 2 miles high  wildwood smokehouse  10 981 ft elevation @vailmtn vail vailsnow @hobokenskiclub 
 coffee and weed taste so good together
 at work so what are you gonna do with all this new property youre insuring probably grow weed on it or something
 @trentperry8 smoked it all
 i swear to god i just got healthy enough to feel how much weed i smoked this week
 i smoke one 
 i gotta bribe weed to get people to kick it lmfao
 i blow 3 for 10 smoke in da wind   smoke one for my niggas locked in da pen
 bruh my mom stays finding tree amp shit in my car but i dont even smoke anymore 
 lifes rough. eat more tacos.  smoke pork and bbq shrimp tacos from @cantina76 || 
 today i get hit up to smoke and hang but ofcourse it was followed by a favor
 i dont wanna smoke no more straight edibles 
 free smoke 
 potato in he oven  meat seasoned  bout to go get something to smoke catch up on green leaf and scandal
 @maxbeckaaa the chain smokers1111111
 im bout to smoke slme reggie lmfao
 what holy smokes  what a march madness ending
 i rather be your n i g g a  so we can drunk and some weed all day 
 can i smoke you out  i think tf not
 my roommate asked me if i took her weed im ganna fight her lmao
 damn im out of smokes
 @abc30 @caltranshq @chphq @govpressoffice @jerrybrowngov legalize marijuana  make a  pot tax for potholes  an idea to toss in the pot.
 wit a pocket full of weed in the white house. @rickyrozay 
 yall be snapping on these androids got me thinking yall smoking on blue weed wtf
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 when you walk into a tour room to prep for mane event and it smells like marijuana 
 my mom woke me up asking if i smoke like tf dont press me when im barely waking up
 i get so excited when im about to smoke its funny lol
 looking for clean christian comedy for your next trip to the smokey mountains tellintales gatlinburg 
 so yall selling boo bo ass weed 
 hickory smoked pacers 
 i smoke that gas i dont drink no liquor 
 just posted a photo @ great smokey mountains 
 @seanhannity jeff sessions is an offense to all pot smokers
  see hattie you dont need marijuana to have a good time just funny friends.  thanks ma
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation pigeonforge  tn
 where theres smoke theres fire. trumprussia
 im actually meeting up with mom to but yeah just let me know and well smoke or something love you chula 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 so grateful to be alive  dont care if its the weed or not i love life 
 mother wants me to smoke her out.
 i can see the smoke at my house from 28 miles away here in enid yay man day 
  @ old crow smokehouse in huntington beach  calif 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 budaman with 1 lineup smoked the multi entries i might have. to play nba a little more 
 holy smokes oregon hasnt made it since the great depression. finalfour
 giving out free smoke on 2k @ almightychise xbox one 
 @rasmifraz @rawstory  exactly he dishes out smoke screens to buy time on every topic at hand....hes high priced plastic...fake.carbon copy
 free smoke
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 because i love my team  cajun cream x roasted tomatoes x bacon x smoked gouda and parmesan 
 60 for an eighth of weed... how bad do i wanna smoke 
 im good with just weed amp hennessy tomorrow fuck all the bullshit
 rt if your weed doesnt look like this 
 free smoke  free smoke 
 i smoke mine hot n fast. 325 with no wrap until the rest. make sure its probe tender all over. 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation alpharetta  ga
 i read an article on snap that stated a mom gave her 14 year old son some wax and a gpen. he was addicted to morphine and the weed helped
 @ashwildcats22 we can be cute and get lunch and smoke cigs having majorrrr withdraws from u and jess 
 noggas dont want no smoke 
 @realdonaldtrump i stumped for you for year and a half. please leave marijuana alone. or legalize it. its a plant not a drug. please
 im a mess... theres not enough beer and weed to calm me down.  dont want the xan because i wont remember a thing.  gocats drivefor9
 i wanna vape so bad rn. smoke out this lawn mower section ha
 smoked meats amp cold beer @ lockhart smokehouse in dallas  tx 
 i stopped smoking and still got a blunt left from texas... waste of weed
 still need to smoke
 hahahaha got off early to study for my calc test tomorrow and one of my mangers told me to take breaks to smoke a little something
 those days when the whole human race annoys u so u smoke urself senseless 
 see our latest englewood  tn job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 tv end prostitution prohibition  heather fazio  director tx marijuana policy project  tsa groping amp violations  jd  
 jose bautista smokes weed. 
 who got the link for weed up north my link out west and southwest
 i woke up this morning. in hempstead.
 remarkable smoke gaaja maduro @mbombaycigars @smokinflyron @cigarchairman @paradigmpres @nhale1300 @pistolcliff 
 my friend tried to convince me he was growing basil and i said if those are marijuana seedlings let me borrow it. 
 @jessicunt naw nigga. i aint tryna smoke again even if i want too
 i really wont smoke if i dont have a backwood  everytime you see me i have a backwood or im smoking 1. no cigarillos no dutches  no papers.
 cant sleep so i woke lucas up out of a dead sleep to smoke a blunt with me and hes so pissed rn  awe my bby loves me
 @arithedj smoke sumn
 i think i might have a fuckin prolem crushin aderall n marijuana  cus i cant study for shit.  @rexxliferaj taught me.
 so im out of weed  and all i have is a big bag of shake. so i put it in my grinder and shook it and now i have hella kief. weedgodsgotme
 just heard on the news that weed will be legal in canada by june 1st  2018
 i dont know the answer and im not gonna google it atm  but im assuming theres an age one is allowed to smoke rec weed in co  wa  ca etc
 its the money  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 startelegram  tmz report seahawks backup qb trevone boykin facing marijuana  public intoxication charges in dallas 
 i smoke to much to go for hours i go until i feel like i proved myself amp kept my name good in the hood 
 @getongab holy smokes  does it really
 colorado agriculture department set to study using industrial hemp in animal feed 
 i got ya shawty on da reefer now she kodak boppin
 lunch time @ smokey bear rd in lebec  ca 
 @myfabolouslife freestyle on 600 breezy free smoke instrumental
 see our latest pikeville  ky job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 its now safe to enter walmart after an ac unit caught fire causing the inside of the building to smoke up @wxxv25 
 @etnow i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 finally someone else. an come out to a loud bell and smoke.  undertakerretires
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 every time you smoke a cigarette mac demarco gets more powerful
 roll me up and smoke me when i die  @ tuscaloosa  alabama 
 cfc fan calling into 5live @robbiesavage8 saying the smoke bombs affected kante   deluded.
 i find joy in the little things in life.. like hearing weed advertisements on the radio.. i love colorado
 i just wanna take trips  get to know parts of the world with a few close peeps and plenty of weed
 its crack so smoke it 
 @venividivicd smoke down with john this weekend
 no cuz i gotta eat and smoke the rest of the week 
 why not let the tourists decide what they want marijuana is legal... should be treated like alcohol. @tsegerblom 
 once again fox news needs to act upon the sexual allegations against bill oreiley...mercedes pulls ads.. where smoke theres fire
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i say girl thats all that we do
 to drink or smoke or both rn 
 but did you really smoke if you didnt post it on snapchat
 welders in training on the peninsula northern cal. welders learning how to use smoke cannon to keep spark and smoke 
 niggas putting weed above they house bills. priorities.
 dont worry bout me baby girl smoke dope  chief keef 
 i still need to go and pull out money for this weed
 @envyglass water pipe now available @hilifesmokeshop @ hilife smoke amp vapor shop 
 never smoked 
 going to 21 savage on april 12  the smokers club on 420  and travis scott may 31 in salt lake city with @chloebmcgee  its lit bro
 i love weed
 free smoke .
 black thoughts amp marijuana
 all we ever did was fuck and smoke gas 
 it seemed as though the flames were dying down  but theyre shooting up again. lots of thick smoke streaming out of 
 alex said i live in canada. i wanna know what kind of weed hes smoking  @fxckalex16
 if you sell weed amp aint got no car i hope thats your ultimate goal. honestly. truly.
 real gs gone smoke wherever
 me and tim smoke woods in between  our sick appointments we are foul sick children
 free smoke blaring from my office right now  lets goooo peopleeee @diddy voice
 if i dont smoke in tha morning i wont eat til bout 34pm smh
 abracadabra ahca maga its like magic all smoke and mirrors ahcasequeltaglines
 akwasi owusubempah cannabis is a gateway drug for the criminal justice system to enter the lives of the most marginalized candrugforum
 im an angry person i gotta relax....clearly the weed only helps part time
 i gotta find somewhere to smoke 
 visit my dads gravesight yesterday if you look closely you can see a heart made out of the weeds. love  and miss 
 smoking so much weed im fucking up my windows
 my boyfriend and his friend stopped by the smoke me out  and we went on a small hike. lovely times.
 tryna smoke hella weed but my funds are hella insufficient
 south hempstead ny tue apr 4th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @therealredman im a black ganja breeder  colorado  maker of funk dr.s pot amp noble nugz 
 never imagined working for a marijuana company but im thankful everyday for it  ilovemyjob
 if they want smoke then we got smoke like dea he go linkinbio llzoe smokeseason @ 
 if theres anything ive learned about british columbia  its that people here sure love smoking weed. walking down the street  even
 swear i cant wait to smoke lol  i just wanna let go of all the bs
 a weed is an unloved flower.   follow me on ig  ginrinn 
 i just need some girl friends to kick it smokedownsleepovers im talkin romantic comedies and ice cream
 if someone drives me to the bank ill smoke u down. serious inquiries only
 i wanna make vegan weed snickerdoodles
 you can do clever tricks  like shift your pentatonic run... if that doesnt work  then do a big bump and smoke some pot.
 does anyone wanna smoke w me right now
 isaiah smoked all my damn weed
 i wanna smoke a fat blunt so bad right now
 this looks like @whatth3hale  eyes when she smokes 
 i dont think i smoke enough. cheech amp chong my motivators
 i bet death is the biggest trip of all.u trip out a bit reaching a new year after 27.its pry ur first weed trip x 99 zillion.we 4get so much
 watching 13 reasons and this boy is tryna buy an eighth of an ounce of weed for 60 and i am shook
 replace the weed w a naked lady feeding us fruit and we a1 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3502 horton ave  send message.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5104 dickey hill road gwynn oak  send message. 
 i gotta smoke a 8th before my flight tonight lol
 heyo this is me laying in a pile of weeds. how you doin  
 how i assume my letters of rec will be after this semester every time we finally weeded ms. pasqua out she somehow clawed her way back in
 im surprised im not contact high from this customer. it smelt like he showered in weed
 im pissed tf off yo i dont even want to go back to work tbh i just want to go home smoke pop these xans amp drink all night
 i got shawty in the reefer now she kodak boppin
 all this was over a gram of weed apparently 
 @janatjan have you had any interaction with the cannabis industry
 morgan freeman on his cannabis use ill eat it  drink it  smoke it  snort it  via @bruvs
 lexi came up to folsom to smoke a blunt with me and take me to lunch to cheer me up i rlly love her 
 come and smoke with us 
 just wanna go home and smoke a facial but cant even do that 
 south hempstead ny wed apr 5th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 im open to all opinions i just like to weed through them and find sources for facts
 solo smokesesh time new strain big wreck from ananda @frequentv  shoutout to leo amp ricky vibeon 
 re lrt  its silly but i am amused by the notion of forcing a bunch of weed evangelists to make their point succinctly.
 xer in my sytem from pm  smoke one in the am.... 
 broke niggas tryin fight females over weed nigga get ya pockets up lumps
 study cbddominant cannabis extracts reduce seizure frequency  via @enewsparkforest
 dont be weed pullers. be seed throwers.
 bitches dont really want no smoke   they just stressed amp broke..pay em no mind
 bill could make california a sanctuary state  for marijuana | the huffington post    
 its getting to the point where if i value my life i need to stop inhaling smoke for a long time  ive been denying the truth for too long
 i need to try the weed in boston  its got celtics fans out they damn minds cavs lebron  
 thunder which means smokeys gonna run and hide 
 @virdison you said your not a weed but explain this  jk love you  
 hmu if you wanna smoke
 i need me a man that smokes me out for free
 bong hits. dog will pester me like i have food until i blow smoke at him.    howibondwithmypet
 @atlairport smokers lounge rather popular. suspect people pickingbup interesting new habit to pass time  help with caffeine withdrawal.
 also he just planted weed on clay so im 10x more pissed fuck you marcus 
 do you like to smoke do you like to fuck
 i dont know if hes driving a fucking weed wacker orrr
 someone private messaged me telling me to teach them english with some weed lol whatttt
 im bout to just smoke by myself forever 
 i told da bitch i love ha  but ill smoke ya brotha
 @vioient too bad everyone in st pete is dry as hell lmfaoooo couldnt find anything but brick weed but i guess thats why detroit is my home
 waste of time... it was a smoke screen developed by the liberal democrats in the obama administration... more lies 
 day 4 of no weed  ahhh almost over the week hump 
 go back and do ya research shawty. he was suicidal and ppl do smoke because of the taste and feel. unless yu think 
 now i know what im having tonite. salad. but snack provolone cheese wrapped around salami. smoked gouda bites.
 who wants to smoke for over an hour  
 regrann from datbag216    @applemusic @traplorddbeez thisismystory   regrann @ smokehouse 
 the wide world of weed  
 who said they smoked a cigarette for dinner last night 
 i dont smoke  nothing against it i just enjoy my jack or scotch a lot more. i think what adults 
 haha this dude came up to me and asked me if i know anyone who sold marijuana.  i dont know what to say about this encounter.
 come see reefer madness 5 off using offer code maryjane ends sunday at the art centre theatre tickets 
 after done smoking weed for awhile need take a break but ima be back maryjane we got that unconditional love
 i need some weed
 a party not a party if my niggas cant smoke 
 i be needing an oxygen tank when i smoke  i stay saying i need some air 
 @daribroko @youtube the shit he did wit smokepurpp was surprisingly dope
 not tennessee whiskey  not texas weed
 bro plugs need to quit playing with these lil ass baggies foo  cant even fit my big ass fingers in them hoes to get the weed
 @huffingtonpost now if we can just get dirty grandpa to smoke some too
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 its amazing how many things you can handle through the power of marijuana
 in need of weed 
 a lil grill smoke on this windy but beautiful thursday ...
 my hands smell like weed and all ive done is touch the ground in the cohs hallway
 elected gov min of enviro dorsett accepted tech assistance from pan american health org paho re burning dump. toxic smoke still problem.
 let me just smoke this bowl so i can stop being sad
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3734 10th st  send message. 
 icymi us 290 hov lane closed all next week between hempsteadnw transit center @hpmnews887 hounews 
 smoking weed and working on a natal chart until i have to go to tms
 if snoop dogg or willie nelson amp other chill ppl were prez  theyd just be like ok  smoke weed. youll feel better 
 im blowing smoke all damn day
 me encounters feelings me smokes 17 blunts consecutively
 i officially dont smoke no more
 why is it so shocking when people find out ive never smoked anything before
 follow my snaps  dinero89   @ marijuana state bitch 
 rip gunna back to back blunts back in the day smoke had the mac in the back pack 
 @tayfai ew gross maybe  i gave the weed to my roommate anyway hahaha
 where in the world do get weed in union 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 @waithiramariga im okay with someone who smokes a little pot  as long as thats not all they do all day. but no other drugs what so ever.
 lmfaookooooofkdkahdogusb i do not be wanting to smoke no damn blunts  
 see our latest sellersburg  in job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 roll up and smoke my sins away
 @hdawg i thought youd like to hear some willie nelson he supports recreation marijuana
 black smoke billows from a large home that has been gutted by fire on transit ave in oak bay. @oakbayfiredept on sc 
 some deliver weed and a wood
 follow the smoke bbq in lamesa. good ribs  if a little too smoky. fresh cut fries  and excellent cherry cobbler. 
 jeff sessions offers cannabis industry no reassurance  cannabis via @entrepreneur 
 my dumbass thought it was weed i was already thinking about doing this lol 
 lmaoooo bitch you was smocking off our weed lmaoo nigga u was dick riding to smoke our shit after we said no 3x and 
 them you smoke too much        me 
 anyone got weed they can serve meeee
 about to listen to big seans new album smoke a blunt amp im out idecided
 last night @topdollasweizy perform @themanordc part.2tonight  smoke  party @themanordc 
 people never believe me when i say i never smoked lol
 like who brings their kid with them when they sellin weed n smokes wax in the car with their own baby in the back  scumbag
 .@ny1 @jamiestelter expected big delays on the downtown 1 train due to smoke conditions uptown. taking 2 to wall street nyc mta delays
 everywhere i go out  im blowing that smoke out.
 pizza  weed  and 5 orgasms 
 lets smoke a blunt amp chill and watch movies all day
 the fact my mom just let me smoke this blunt in the car with her 
 ive only smoked like 23 blunts last 2 weeks.... cant wait till i have a vicious smoke sesh ima be so damn high
 larry fitzgerald says players who know how testing works arent using common sense if they get caught using marijuana. superbowl
 still aint smoked no weed im doing good 
 does weed have carbs in it
 ladies  stop getting hung up on a dude with no job  no education  who lives at his moms  and smokes weed everyday. you deserve better
 i have a friend who loves to have me over and smoke weed. im all set in life rn tbh
 @hiramboyd @dayjeff1977 remember this is the same guy who said weeden and johnny were the answer
 ppl really think they cant get high if they dont put their weed on snapchat
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1167 dexter street baltimore  send message. 
 think imma go grab some weed amp watch new edition
 yall ever smoke wet
 ima pour it if she drink ima pass it if she smoke
 sgt just asked me if i used to smoke a lot of pot. then i asked him if dabs counted. he made me do push up .....
 sex  intimacy  and cannabis womengrow cannabiscommunity cannabisismedicine livehigh 
 i dont want you and dad smoking weed at the nick cave concertmy mom
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 801 madison ave  send message. 
 i need a girl friend that i can smoke then go to the mall with 
 all i smoke is killa
 you died while i was tending fire as smoke and ash rose to the sky your spirit rose  lifted higher jesus said youll never die rip
 @kschweigert @thebullpn @mikegrosslnp  covering leb at hemp boys...llhoops too probably  just stats
 bowlinggreenmassacre sounds like a cannabis strain
 smoking weed is not a bad thing. it opens the mind. to many talents you hide behind when you not high . you dont care when high
 all of em but weed 
 wish i could smoke a post but na
 smoke weed every daaaay mike epps voice 
 if you smoke. smoke natural leaves or papers. none of that paper swisha shit.
 @ihate1d2  i just asked tom. he said we had jeremiah weed that night. and i stopped sharing half way through. we didnt empty it though.
 when your manager finds you a weed connect 
 when the homie smokes you out 
 i dont need no vitamin c i smoke broccoli.
 should i go out amp die or stay home and smoke amp watch movies 
 @wmmorgan smellin like weed and cologne lifegoals heis2cool cmchat 
 smokin flocka u a jackass  all i smoke is gas 
 dude my friends mom grinds up weed for him as we drive like i wish ..dude i just wish lmao
 so much smoke
 blame it on the reefer consumption.
 im tryna smoke tho
 when im up this late bored i dont hit up a nigga. i smoke a blunt and vibe out
 bout to go home smoke amp sleep til next week
 mufuckas be wanting you refer to ah weedman den take em get it and all lmao das dead
 i smoke a lot of gas
 @laurenbaileyyy too bad i dont smoke thanks dude
 @go2huntsvilleal my personal fav is smoked mac n cheese and beef brisket from @newmarketbbq ihearthsv newmarketbbq 
 every time i hear smoke by demrick i always get smoked out unexpectedly. its on rn
 am smoke.
 @ibsharkbait who came up with this ridiculous slogan a sleep deprived  marijuana fogged  california ignorant liberal
 im so glad its my day off  i can just smoke amp chill by myself 
 after a three month hiatus from cannabis  we are back  cannakidextraordinaire cannabis acmpr bedrocan 
 ppl like us who like hip hop smoke weed those who like country drink dumb alcohol lol
 danny brown has smoked some crack in his life and i love him for that
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 blows my mind how people go out of state for college and yet all they do is drink and smoke like homie open a textbook  learn some history 
 she told him not to smoke. he set her hair on fire and led 95mph chase  sheriff says 
 id do anything 2 smoke a blunt rn loool
 idk if im smoking to much weed or what. but stuff i use to hate doing. i like doing now 
 its my day off  lets smoke up 
 kansas lost to the cyclones holy smokes..
 maybe i just need to smoke a lot of weed right now
 @donttouchmee so its gonna be real sad when i beat u amp u gotta light me up amp u dont even smoke 
 wow you smoke stems your so cool
 kinda wanna light up a couple smokes  kinda want some crown mixed in my coke
 i wanna smoke
 just about smoked a buck 
 bout to smoke this l then slump 
 joshwatch his mom won a gun.  i dont know  but i think that qualifies us to smoke one of joshs cubans once this is all over with.
 got weed but no blunt 
 watching finding dory while babe smokes. 
 nias whom smoke ensises 
 moral of the story weed is the loml 
 idk how i could manage all this without the ganja
 come over n smoke
 friends who dont let u smoke on their balcony r not real friends
 i just wannacount bandz ampa smoke dope 
 just ate this weed brownie smh 
 @ikilledmarlon dare i advocate medicinal hemp oils
 i need to smoke
 structure fire 1400 block of ventura way apartment smoke showing station 27 area 643am jgilmore 
 smokedchickenwings chipotle bbq smokeybones @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  colonie  ny 
 she said she want to roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 drank a little drank  smoke a little smoke
 cant have a dont smoke  only drink kind of female
 og smoke was the shit back then lmao
 i want to go to the beach and eat tacos and just chill and smoke and talk about life
 cmon man @billgalway  ... looks just like my high school locker room half the guys on my team smoked one thing or 
 i installed a new smoke detector in my room and my mom asked me if i was setting my room on fire
 since i cant smoke  ill be drinking with my friend jack today superbowl
 no bull  tryn smoke and eat good while watching this game
 i need to smoke before i get mean 
  mariah said whats the strongest weed isnt it called cookies 
 no matter the outcome tonight way too many cheating scandals around brady amp ne. no smoke without a fire. if they can cheat they will.
 kleiner smoked him though. what a hit nyr
 i hate the smell of weed and alcohol is disgusting. when did i turn into this person
 i apparently smoked my knee on a chair last night. didnt feel it then. i feel it now. thanks kyle.
 and ive seen homies sell mad blow and just smoke tree or stay sober dont touch the money id sell raw n watch kids be like wow real raw
 came outside and fucking died bc my mom told me our coworker gave her a weed brownie
 someone in my apartment building is smoking hella weed. 
 lol andy from weeds is still around apparently
 @willsinge smoke a blunt with me after your boston show
 lady gaga doing her damn thing i cannot relate to nothing else. stop being stuck on weed songs amp ass throwing songs.
 i like to sip syrup and smoke to
 its time to stop pussyfooting around with these democrats  have fbi look into democrat corruption  plenty of smoke 
 any patriots fans wanna smoke this blunt with me  
 im staying in this dump of a hotel and the room smells very strong of the reefer and one of the lights doesnt work
 man this smoked gouda is good but im not liking what im seeing in the super bowl right nowlol falconsriseup
 remember to smoke weed everyday for nate dogg
 if u never had to light a toothpick on fire with a gas stove to smoke weed dont talk to me
 @dc07clark was it coppan he was getting smoked
 louisiana lemonade daq that smoke
 i swear i told everybody that came into smoke shack that the patriots were gunna win
 ya mcm smoke marlboro reds
 just when outside to smoke a j with my hubby in the snow 
 i been looking rusty as hell in my smoke sessions lately going to sleep nshii
 this might be a little weed. but  what a beautiful little weed it is  it all depends on how you 
 i just wanna be a weed farmer  plain and simple
 great @audi. now apply that to this 21less b.s. amp your whole premise of this ad goes up in smoke. @tueborfrog
 i just wanna write and smoke a blunt on the beach
 where are the real weed men 
 my mother got in my car and was like it smell like straight weed 
 ahh yes  all the hipsters have returned to smoke in front of the sac once again
 the mamas boys  johnny mastro amp smokehouse brown mamasboys johnnymastro smokehousebrown 
 a lil marijuana aint never hurt nobody 
 anyone wanna smoke
 i smoke cantaloupe 
 i just wanna smoke one with @brindaspencer whenever i come to houston
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 719 s bond st  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1903 north dukeland street baltimore  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 52495299 california boulevard gwynn oak  
 when youve smoked already twice today and you jus feelin sleepy now lmao
 idk whats worse ab having these fucking seizures. biting my tongue or these killer headaches so everytime i cough when i smoke it kills
 i just smoked a blunt w ya girlfriend 
 donald needs to smoke a wood and hop off twitter for a min
 dont be just a smoke out to these females
 todays the first day in like a week that i dont smoke hookah 
 everyone who smokes weed on their story is cool  but people find it stupid when others drink all over their story
 @thecherness i forgot that she smoked the bette davis impersonation is frightening. 
 i never want 2 smoke weed with the same person 
 knocking tracks out with my bro @lightbub catch me performing this saturday at the 420 smoke 
 ashanti was fiiiitt back in the day holy smokes
 happy 420 smokers 420 smokers maryjaneterritory @welovingkush @marijuanalegal @hightimesmag 
 can i bum a newport you shouldnt smoke newports they suck but yea heres a newport thanks brombhs 
 im positive that the weed smell is me
 @morningjoe falling for trumps smokescreen obama picked those countries. if u believe ban temporary i have some nice swampland to sell.
 remember how we used to smoke @justisrorie 
 stop smoking weed 
 @mikeandmike you have a bunch of weed heads in pittsburgh that nobody has any problems with but they have a problem with the hardest worker
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 827 west lombard street baltimore  send message.
 i hope i have enough time to smoke again
 @smoothorator you gotta smoke some loud while listening to the gawd. takes it to another level. so ive heard.
 in order to reap you first have to plow the field. an remove the residue and weeds from around your seed. whats effecting your seed
 cant wait to go home amp smoke the backwood i have waiting
 where da weed at
 i just smoke my weed and mind my business.
 cigarette smoke is actually the worst
 hard to ever feel spoiled sitting at my desk @ work but darnit if this smoked chickenrice and red bull all given from my love doesnt do it
 my weed seedless  my trees leaveless
 all i think about at work is getting home to smoke lol 
 since ive been here i havent smoked  i dont trust ppl weed out here  mf might have me tweaking hoe tweaking hoe
 dont be scared to hit the weed 
 so today in yoga i unrolled my mat and a nug of weed flew out and landed by my instructor and she grabs it winks at me and says thanks lol
 im the only person i know that has never drank  gotten high  or smoked a cigarette and thats wild to me
 girls do spend money on stupid shit for real a girl who smoke will spend money on little weed shit that no one uses lmao
 my fav thing is when @jannaahhhs mans amp my mans link up and make plans for us all to smoke together
 this weed been sitting on the dresser forever
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2215 choptank ct  
 i only roll with him so i can smoke up all his weed
 all im trying i do while in la is have @getterofficial let us come over and smoke this weed with him and @thenickcolletti 
 i need to smoke 
 @lisettee18 smoke shop by babas
 it reeks of weed in my apt wtf im not trying to breathe that in 
 somebody come fwm and smoke  in vegas lol im bored af
 bret smoked pot in the bathroom  then tried to blame it on me amp my mom just laughed in his face. bro u dumb.
 spits  its nice out  who tryna smoke some fuckin loud
 when you have a lot to think about and then you smoke and be like fukk it 
 she can still use smoke signals  right 
 me and jake races earlier  i totally thought i was gonna win  and he totally smoked me
 rebekah so im gonna smoke out of this pray for me as she holds up a jug of arizona iced tea
 i do this all the time amp i dont even smoke  
 ill steal your weed if you fuck me over lmao
 @senwarren is all done in 2018.  curt schilling @gehrig38 will smoke your senate seat with a fastball.  boston love 
 literally crying over weed..
 im telling ya sick of the fake ass weed mans 
 the smoke keep gettin in my fuckin eye 
 i just wanna kick it  smoke a blunt and grab some lunch
 so yourself a favor and smoke a blunt and listen to dana williams covers
 i remember when people looked at me funny because i smelled like weed now everyone is a stoner
 i really have to smoke to ease my pain 
 my mom rather me smoke wit her versus mfas on the street out hea lacing shit  so to my dukes  
 that tweet just reminded me of the time @jenyyonjan04 blew all of her vape smoke into my cup of water and i was mad af.
 all the white ppl st my job do is smoke cigarettes and drink coffee all day
 like who cares what kind and how much weed you smoke.. at the end of the day you gone be high regardless .....  clowns 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2800 hampden avenue baltimore  send message.
 is this that thunder smoke guy you kids listen to my boss  referring to what he thought was a chainsmokers song
 im at smoke time sams in mason  wv 
 im leaving my house early so i can get to work early and smoke a clip before my shift.  mta hmm. nope.
 why cant weed just be free like tf
 henderson places 6month moratorium on marijuana sales. details   am720kdwn
 like the weather  dont like the smoker @ nova
 i real life love getting high. i dont care what nobody think. i fuck with marijuana tough.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1933 mchenry street baltimore  send message. 
 i need someone to come cuddle and smoke these bowls w me
 bin laden... was a badass. bin laden... was a man who smokes his grass.
 lets just say billy enjoyed the weeds today 
 i find my own nirvana in the smoke of my reefer
 females that smoke 
 @afiggy22 cause its all about weed  ohwell ill probably like it 
 fuck you let these people smoke 
 why the weed shop so packed today
  weed 
 im so irritated i just want to come back home smoke and go to bed.
 legalize weed
 aaron went to smoke for a few minutes and this guy goes...youre not sitting by yourself are you...ya im just sucking down a pitcher solo
 this makes the guy stopping for repeated smoke breaks seem not that bad... 
 i just want my ass rubbed an to smoke this blunt
 walking through brawner courtyard and having people smoke when its not even 20 feet away from the doors 
 wax is my new found love honestly its nicer than weed
 im going to smoke after this next game lol
 respekt my weed night bed time or get hit bihhhhhh
 no weed 2017 is goin well
 i love sex   weed amp money 
 bout to just smoke ...
 @trendingasshole i am determined to go down those fucking rocks once and for all.  and smoke a nice bleezy
 where there is smoke there is fire.
 @dushanwegner @diezeit trump should spent half the time praying to root out inner weeds as he does weeding out opponents. bad
 say i wont smoke a newport in this blizzard
 can someone please come ov and smoke i need it
 @reflectivelatex wonderful looking so hot in smokey black latex.
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 when i turn 21  imma smoke weed amp drinking henny. october2nd
 tbh  just wanna smoke
 niggas love to blow smoke
 @jrichtheboss @dangarcia17 lets smoke jesse
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   transportation dayton  oh
 good gas smoke  fuck with me...
 if i move out cali... whos hiring me at their weed store  serious quetion
 let me scoop ya up and smoke a j with you
 got me fucked up if u think ima go outside just to smoke
 i dont even feel like talkin just wanna smoke
 i dont smoke very much anymore but tbh bong rips are on my mind 247 
 if trump ends up legalizing weed everyone would like him a little bit more 
 deff recommend the smoked butterscotch latte form starbucks 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at levin road baltimore  dumped trash old riverside amp levin.
 ctfu diaha gone smoke me
 this mans actions will cause a lot of damage to many immigrants  legal pot smokers  blacks  native americans  pri 
 they smoke to much for me. i like to eat more than i smoke. they trippy af
 can i get weed now
 cant wait to go home amp drink some henny amp smoke out my new bong lilly 
 sally on here drinking good alcohol and smoking good weed im proud
 mom told me to make goals.  make it easy with the sickest job surf all day skate all night  smoke all the weed in the world
 wyh we making weedstruments 
 i smoke so much i sell weed by mistake  like if you need an eighth you know i have it because thats a gram to me 
 sniper gang followed me  im pretty sure we gotta smoke together now
 accident in easthempfieldtwp on centerville rd both nbsb near hempland rd traffic 
 @jtolds did he fill it with his own people  they are getting at me  i am believing everything i think. need some medical marijuana  doc..
 @drmartyfox @seanhannity @loudobbs because he never left.still same old cronies blowing smoke to hide their betrayal term limits
 sitting in this waiting room  and someone came in that smokes  i am seriously about to puke. nasty
 out of medicine. can someone bring me a carton of oj and a bag of weed
 i might have to smoke some weed when you pissed off 
 at john chiangs round table on cannabis and banking.  great event.
 can someone who smokes cigarettes to be cool teach me how to smoke cigarettes to be cool
 shrooms lsd mescaline a lotta weed
 @sabritaas happy birthday girl smoke a fat one and drink a fat one finally 21 
 id smoke royce in a battle tho
 @abc oh yeah and legalizing weed is a good thing.  joke
 @chrisssr95 i dont even smoke lol
 i gotta smoke some weedcause girl you drive me crazy 
 cold game knowing ya ex a slut but i forget about it all when i smoke on a blunt 
 @fastfm as a heavy smoker she was told it was likely cancer. so i sat there amp hugged her while she shook  sobbed amp swore of cigs forever.
 perks of working for my uncles smoke shop that is next door to his tattoo shop i see all the flash sales b4 they go public 
 looking to get high but on a budget find the cheapest weed with the buddy app. fresh pricing scan of dispensaries all over the us out now.
 i burnt the shit out of my finger with a lighter and my mom laughed at me and said good thing you arent a smoker
 im sooo stressed and tired like i just want some good food and some weed g.
 i always tell myself im not gon smoke then i always end up with a blunt in my hand 
 so @kileyyya smoked hookah yesterday  just keep to mind i can turn any1 to a hookah smoker 
 does weed help with headaches 
 cant ever pass up good bbq @ the proper pig smokehouse 
 hb1519 new to amend the arkansas medical marijuana amendment of 2016 regarding the creation of the medical mari... 
 @brandon2222 since when do you smoke fag
 how much is 16 oz a pound  im not talking about weed  @turtleketcham
 i love weed bro. 
 meyer to a group of asians outside of a party youre not helping the stereotype that all asians smoke 
 had that schwartzs smoked meat tonight should be gassedup proper for the forhonor event im in town for  
 dont tell me to stop drinking mocha drinks  why dont yall stop smoking weed then   man dont tell me nothing
 happy to announce recent studies prove weed isnt something i would enjoy as i once did
 my circle so small i dont even got people to smoke with
 who trynna smoke a bleezy 
 do you think when weeds legal people will bumb blunts
 last night when i smoked that second joint i got paranoid as hell and felt like i was possessed by a demon. it was a woman and i was scared.
 @poppycoxs sure can be smoke that shxt. what you smoking join our family youre welcomed here fellow stoner
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 my  always glossy after i smoke he called me chink  @ 
 we smoke spliffs w some 96 cris
 i wish i could still smoke my weed smh
 is it not fucking weed etiquette to not smoke somebody else shit  niggas get shot for that ya know ..
 @thebhadbhabie you smoke
 when u wanna smoke a blunt but ur bf is at work amp he is literally the only person u know in cabot
 i just need somebody to lay up with me and rub my booty while i smoke 
 a person who drinks vs a person who smokes the smoker is full of love the drinker is full of hate
 leaves one bar cause nobody was giving me weed and walks to the bar next door to continue the hunt
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 me and jules were standing around unsure of what to do w ourselves so she looks at me and says wanna smoke n this is why were best friends
 @wearwolfking made me an old fashioned at tosca and holy smokes my friends are good at what they do.
 i just wanna smoke some weed
 @ficklepickle thats how i didnt smoke for a week im too cheap to buy a real one though
 @valleyninja fuck yea it does. hurts to drink  and smoke 
 celebrating birfday @michellef212 and a surprise reunion  @ wicked weed brewing 
 someone pick me up   so we can smoke .
 im the official backup speaker for @tedxstanleypark on march 4th holy smokes lots of work 
 holy shit people love weedblaze....  i will post more doodles when i get home from work
 really need to figure out what ima do for valentines day since i cant smoke or drink 
 im trying to get high off 2nd hand smoke
 valentines day  1 woman might lose her love. she smoked pot with daughter  7  amp trial 4 endangering welfare of chil 
 i  weed smoker  
 what he smoke 
 @flydre21 dog average more than 6 before u look for smoke.
 all i smoke is killa yo bitch look like thriller 
 home remedies for headaches anxiety pain eating disorders depression  etc.  codeine and cannabis
 just trying to smoke you up and buy you pizza
 still smoke that weed man its fuck the police..
 drinking marijuana  my mom
 kd know he dont want that smoke lmao it was all in his body language
 we got so much weed to smoke
 i smell like fucking smoke but hey at lease i won 300
 im at silver star smokehouse and saloon in texarkana  tx 
 @stephenfleming holy smokes  just saw the rollover pics only two fatalities when i was a volunteer medic. both rollovers. lucky
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @smokepurpp forgot how much i loved smokepurp
 lol na it aint when you smoke too much 
 incident on i90nysthruway wb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 
 all curreny discusses in his music is cars  weed  the money hes made  his successes  watching for snakes  and living. thats all i need.
 smoking weed and cleaning the entire house is my new way of relaxing.. lol yeah  id say things have changed. 
 in dons kitchen  we love simple smoked salmon creations  like these smoked salmon rye snacks 
 summer goal smoke a blunt on the gallaghers porch.
 shoot ya weed man if da dope aint smoking
 next weekend is the start of ppl getting drunk  going to jail  fights  and a lot of weed smoking mardi gras bitch
 thats what happens when you smoke my shit lol 
 i havent smoked in so many days and i just smoked a whole joint to myself before my shift pray4me lol
 i feel like id smoke half of one amp be like nvm but idk
 im at charlies smoke shop in new york  ny 
 my mom is yelling at the smoke detector 
 @carolmoson @mrevanmccann @abc there is ample voting id.  you cant vote if youre not on a registered voter list.  carol  go smoke a pack.
 finna smoke sumn fuck it
 watching grease with my daughter and she asks me.. so kids used to smoke in the gym
 things im looking forward to with the apartment giant windows and a high ceiling  ill be able to smoke hookah again  no children and ....
 i hate having to go cop just to come back home and smoke alone.
 paris jackson definitely smoked some great weed before coming out grammys
 my cousin told me to never talk to her again cause i wouldnt bring her weed all the way to fuckin oak park 
 well deserved alcoholic beverage.. @ ace high saloon amp smokehouse 
 you know whats nearly impossible to overdose on marijuana.  heroin overdoses spike in louisville @cnn 
 smells like flowers and weed in the elevator .... i want flowers 
 i gotta start smokin weed somebody help i am too stressed
 my ass is grass and gods gonna smoke it
 heavy smoke is seen from the house fire at 4031 pennsylvania ave in big chimney. fire crews still working on hotspo 
 update  manchester fire fire marshal says working smoke detectors saved familys life. they were able to evacuate before it was too late.
 revolver cannabis always bumpin on my phone
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1329 e hughes st  trash cans dump 
 i dont know how its still humanly possible for me to get so fucked up still off a few puffs. is this weed gettin stronger or wha
 cause you never up and leave while im putting him to sleep to go smoke with my people without asking or telling me right oh ok
 i remember when i was gonna sit @loveeddie777 down and tell him to stop cuz i thought weed and alcohol were the dev 
 a female friend who smoke just as much as megtgtgt like yessss bihhhhh left d vibe and be pretty 
 she gone roll this weed for me 
 cya wait fi go home and smoke up mi herb 
 lmao.. weed dip  tf
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 816 carroll street baltimore  send message. 
 @kjduffey black person gets arrested for weed but a white person wouldnt what does this imply that cops let white people go with weed
 wtf the only place in the airport you can smoke a stoge at costs 3 
 i might miss ya  but watch me smoke this blunt amp forget cha
 who wants to smoke my kush on valentines day baby 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 cant wait to get off work and go to my cousins and sip me a tall can and smoke me a blunt and slap me some music
 they probably smoke cigarettes and taste like an ashtray
 my roommate and i just smoked and nowwww.... 
 11th floor of @flamingovegas smells like a god damn marijuana farm. pissed im staying here
 i dont do drugs.  i dont even smoke weed anymore
 fuck valentines day... lets just smoke a lot of weed.
 whos gonna be the tool complaining about not having a bae to smoke a blunt with tmr
 someone smoke me out
 i wanna try denver colorado weed i wanna see if its better than calis.
 wanna go get a wood but i wanna go to sleep cuz i gotta work at 6 ... buuuuut i wanna smoke.
 @handsomerob mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @dheshawng mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @siriusxmnascar @jimcramer @nflnetwork @kaylatausche i going on a smoke beer break.
 dont ask me why im not talking a lot today  i was coughing a lot yesterday so i sound like a 50 yr. old smoker
 u the type that smoke with niggas when im locked up 
 honest opinions @michaelscott35   listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 why does alpine smell like some skunk weed
 cutlife relaxed curls @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at s wolfe st baltimore md  send message.
 whats weed like  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1008 e 36th st  . 
 when its valentines day and ur out of weed 
 you know i hate it when my weed not broke down.
 empty bottles of clicquot and ashes on the floor. towel under the door. we wasnt supposed to even smoke.
 wish i coulda smoked before this long ass class
 im at work looking at the clock thinking bout how much weed im bouta smoke when i get off and the wake amp bake 2moro..vision me
 rd 1 topbrewstues wolf among weeds dipa. great bitter bite. clean finish. hides 8 abv with full frontal attack ho 
 i havent smoked in 4 days and im pissed
 repost atlmunchies with @repostapp  love at first sight  the smoked pastrami reuben is 
 yes about time you smoke again  
 i would give anything for a beer and to smoke some hookah rn 
 i set off my smoke detector.... oops 
 gelato smoke da best like str8 up bro 
 lmfaooo  smoke them newports 
 im not saying on the second batch of strawberries i burnt the chocolate for putting it in two long and i opened to microwave to smoke but..
 sooooooo weed men aint serving today 
 went to put the dirties in and found some washed weed in the laundry machine...welcome to 
 real shit bruh i just want to smoke a blunt and play for honor all night 
 smoked chicken wing gyoza. chicken wings were deboned  stuffed w pork filling amp smoked in donabe smoker  ibushi g 
 where theres smoke  theres fire. 
 i remember this oldhead from my old job used to smoke nothing but reggie. said that loud the kids was smoking gave him a headache
 nigga i thought i smoked myself retarded 
 @packjoh do you even smoke
 my niggas used to smoke loud. now they on dog food.
 catapult used to launch bales of marijuana across border.  
 wishing i had someone to smoke with in the mind. 
 everything has marijuana now 
 gotta weed out all the useless people...if they aint adding value to my life in some kind of way  they staying behind.
 wen u wit me promise i aint gotta smoke no weed
 people be tryna smoke with me but i dont know them so its like chill face that 
 i wish more people would smoke pot... some of yall be stressin too much over irrelevant shit.
 why do we hate so much i just smoked a joint with a total stranger on the corner and we were cool as as a cucumber wtf weedunites
 dont spend all your money on alcohol and weed dont spend all your money on alcohol and weed dont spend all your money on alcohol and weed
 @xclupar1  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 @marrtyy 1.grow hair 2. clean 3. smoke 4. louis the child concert
 cant turn down free weed or food
 ready to go home and smoke while i study this chapter
 yep  eat meat and digest it yourself  vs  eat weeds and hope you have the right bugs 
 my sister know i needa smoke n i feel like she takin her sweet time
 every single time im out of weed  i tell myself im taking a tolerance break amp then someone just gives me some weed
 come smoke this blunt
 people who smoke weed and act like theyre gods because theyre not doing a drug crack me up like  y r u so dumb 
 unc smoked nc state
 recreational marijuana is legal in ca  amp soon edible forms will be sold. how will the state regulate amp what are com 
 when someone tells me they smoke 
 need to smoke a fucking blunt after watching fifty shades lmfao
 dixieland delight @ two brothers smoked meats 
 just posted a photo @ two brothers smoked meats 
 my brother texted me i smoked 10 blunts in the house today  if you walk in and your high im sorry thanks bro
 conservative christian legislators really want to legalize weed in the us  via @qz
 @enchantrxss ehhh not when u smoke it humans are capable  lose tude sister
 sean being prideful i havent smoked in 3 weeks  me recalling last week mmmmm sean i didnt get high it doesnt count 
 wake and bake like where the weed man
 im ready to tear into these stuffed rolls from @stlkolache ive got smoked brisket  sausage amp gravy  jalapeo pop 
 except weed.. thats staying ion give a fuck
 dismissed  @ nassau county district court in hempstead  ny 
 if you call a rig or heady glass a bong then you cant smoke with me
 im addicted to the marijuanas.
 getting smoked out for free must be a blessing
 @sosacaitlin your political party has nothing to do with your opinion on marijuana
 ima just roll my weed and pray about it moms workin two jobs and i aint ok about it
 when people get into your car they know you smoke weed. smells like straight loud 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 lol bitch ill smoke the whole damn picture  
 as a smoker  it sucks tryna smoke in this conservativeass statetexas law enforcers are sick of pot busts 
 @billmaher about to but tix for your show in chicago. noticed there isnt a vip option to smoke a joint before the show not an option
 @bravearcanine like very pro weed and civil unions for everyone instead of marriage but fiscally they were rand paul clones
 @clemsontom @bocomley16 @kimshanfan @mikeandmike and weed rolling snapchat pics.....
 @foxnews @cnnpolitics @realdonaldtrump @ president smokey. cause he likes to blow smoke to cover the issues.
 if i ever made it big rapping  i gotta delete all my tweets slandering xxx tentaction i dont want no smoke at all
 smoking weed it aint got no seeds you be smoking dirt 
 whoever smoke thats tsu20 amp got a car   im fena smoke yall out hmu 
 just wanna be home  lay up with someone  smoke hookah and make love.
 the gov. spoke if he would ever legalize marijuana in sc. 
 just ran into tot ass talkin bout i got that thrax you tryna smoke one duhh hoe im a junkie
 e24 on scene 200 block of clark dr reporting smoke from interior establishing clarkcommand
 i just need to smoke a nice woody rnnnn
 @cerromerussell gon have to smoke some more to remember your stash spot
 cant believe i cant smoke anymore
 i wish i knew people in south carolina to smoke me out smh
 she lovin the view while we smoke   im lovin it too while i stroke
 @zabarsisny smoked salmon  creamed cheeses  gefilte fish  pumpernickel  cheese blintzes...
 im at town of hempstead in ny 
 when u have a shit ton of weof d but no where to smoke cuz its raining
 east coast alert  smoke something  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1131 w cross st pigtown  send message. 
 mardi gras abita beer dinner @ smoke daddy  
 lmao i give a bum a 5 cause i didnt have any change and he gave me some weed im dead bro
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch  and give a good girl bad habits
 gonna have some great smoked meat this summer 
 when 3 white girls smoke weed once 
 @robreiner hes going to weed out all the traitors left over.  hes going to prosecute them too.
 im boutta smoke some weed
 it constantly smells like weed on our floor
 bright flash  smoke  towards muscle shoals airport. @waff48 
 just wanna smoke a blunt
 if i were to green out. it woulda been the day i smoked again. and today
 bouta smoke myself out 
 when you go to a college that is a smoke free campus and you pass a smoker 
 i dont have any friends who r down to smoke w me tomorrow 
 miss when we could roll up and smoke in the house
 tried world famous chef @tomcolicchio s smoked sturgeon with rumba  atlas carrots  red quinoa  
 all i do is smoke and drink at home by myself.
 for real smoked out mike the security guard at the republic. hit him up hes a good time
 i had weed id probably be high on my mac book
 this guy walks on the plane and he smells like weed and he looks stupid high
 i say to seth rogen you stick to smoking weed and acting in hollywood and leave the government stuff the politicians 
 holy smokes 
 @washingtonpost @clevewootson i have no words how much canibis can 1 smoke to death yr choice  heroine  sleeping pills
 global cannabis seed banks are accepting bitcoin  via @btctn
 @amjoyshow  what is concerning is the republican congress using 45s outrages as a smokescreen while they shove through koch legislation.
 trump is the most inept person i know. hes wanting to campaign 30 days after election. hes looking for smoke up h 
 we smoke  niggas  
 ill always remind you of good weed  good sex and good 2am conversation
 free smoke
 lol this girl demolishes her panda express then looks up and says to her bf lets go smoke a cigarette and get some burger king... me 
 @seanhannity   any truth to this  national guard fake memo was scheme to smoke out the leaker
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..hemp plant exposure..use..reported..increased f 
 the encinitas city council has voted to start a process to allow commercial marijuana growing in their city 
 ur mcm smokes sherm
 finally off work thinking about having a drink or two. wish i could smoke lol soon..
 when im smoking pack all the time i really be sad when i dont have weed yo 
 weed u weed u weed u weed u
 my grandma asked me if i have weed dishdosjdosns
 people who like fancy coffee talk about bean varieties like people who like fancy weed talk about strains.
 who has weed
 whos tryna smoke a blunt and see fifty shades darker
 honeycombclear next gen cannabis oil is top shelf next to its self  take control today link 
 are you sober yeah you smoked a bowl and had a glass of wine at this point in my life that is sober
 send me good music i feel like having a chill smoke sesh by myself.
 wow hallelujah@katemckinnon you smoked it@nbcsnl
 not all niggas though. some ppl just fw us  aint nun wrong wit letting me amp my homegirl smoke for free
 i want my bestfriend to come spend the night so we can smoke this blunt watch a movie amp eat lol
 my mother just admitted to smoking weed in her life.
 harris county has announced a new policy for prosecuting misdemeanor marijuana cases. heres what you need to know 
 happy hemp type if morning...  youarewhatyoueat focused 
 checkin in at daylight but you can still get smoked at noon bitch
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 all i ever wanna do is lay down watch movies eat amp smoke
 ...scary  . . . ok ok i know but i legit cannot stop making myself laugh smoke another one 
 my room smells like weed cause i smoke weed  
 i just want to smoke great weed and play bf1 all day 
 look good feel good smoke good. get to the bag whichever way.
 first attempt at beef brisket on the smoker. have ribs smoking too  as a backup. 
 just gonna sit on my balcony today  smoke a facial or w.e. its beautiful
 eye smoked 2 much  @paystubb @ san francisco  california 
 ive sat in my truck  in my driveway  smoked 3 blunts  all in and hour because im so bored
 driving through elmwood park smells weed
 can i find one teenager in the entire province of ontario who is not lowkey an alcoholic or addicted to marijuana
 wings on the smoker traegergrills traeger @ ferguson pool 
 drinking a smoked pomegranate by @southcitycider @ oflahertys irish pub  
 bus went from smelling like piss to weed wtf
 im crying my sister is buying weed brownies from someone on twitter and theyre coming to deliver it to our place lol
 just tryna smoke a blunt amp eat some biscuits and gravy
 on the plus side though its been two weeks since i smoked last
 @loosah808 @mgmgrand  doesnt everyone smoke inside  thats why all casinos just smell like cigs lol
 @walkingdeadamc nice easteregg with the smokey and the bandit trailer smokeyandthebandit burtreynolds 
 just wanna to listen to music and smoke.
 bout to kick the weed
 no i dont smoke hbu @ hookah house 
 im tryna smoke a wood
 wow my mom thinks i smoke weed ...
 i have a blunt but no one to smoke with
 bro that was some dank ass weed
 i dont smoke so there goes 1 expense lol and eat at home.
 ill smoke you out
  50centwings  get em after 8pm. take that  monday blues. @ blue smoke 
 when you realize craig did steal on his day off because when smokey saw him two days ago he didnt have that gun. 
 food  money  weed 
 im gonna start smoking again just so i can take 15 minute smoke breaks every hour.
 beakers beak smokers smoke and drinkers drink
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 3600 block of sw baird st  portland  or portland fire rp17000015141 0814 pdx911
 i need weed asap
 who got weed in fortworth
 i be hiding from clint cos he wanna get me high everyday bro thats not my lifestyle lol. im not a smoker.
 i dont smok weed i smoke hops bro 
 if my kid wanna smoke weed they can do it once they turn 16. but they gpa gotta be at least a 3.35 or that shit is over with
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash on friday 
 nomnom  best smoked meat sandwiches ever.  @ centre street deli in vaughan  on 
 i need new friends that smoke
 we are now on snapchat snap to add smoke hole resort and follow our storiessmokeholeresort 
 oh the choices which one will you choose come and hang out with us and relax with a good smoke cigarlife 
 lol i remember my friends used to tell me im outta control for smoking so much now they smoke more than me
 @chelseaclinton a deranged man wielding a cigar went around vaginally penetrating 20 year olds with it saying ill smoke this one later
 nobody want smoke when im on the sticks with these 3 guys 
 october  2018 in hempstead  ny  7 pm on a saturday night  hockey fans please welcome home. your new. york. islanders
 forget the telly we just go to the crib and watch a movie in the jacuzzi smoke ls while you do me
 why does everything here smell like weed
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do 
 your eyes are like the smoke  they linger on me 
 smoke weed everydayyy  except when youre in the studio recording an album amp the homie 
 booooy  niggas hide they girlfriend better than they hide their weed yallbeentogetherhowlong yousureyouaintsinglesis
 time to smoke
 quick mission home on lunch to smoke a bowl or 2 or 3 lol
 buddy needa hurry up with the weed man 
 the debate do i try and fall asleep and it take forever or smoke and then fall asleep real quick.....hmm
 10 days strong of this no weed thing. its iight i guess.
 never smoked before 
 ill light up your life like a cigarette smoker
 whens the last time you heard marijuana ruining a life.... alcohol on the other had
 cuz my lips shud be black as the street as much as i smoke but they aint
 i think its funny when people get booty hurt when i dont let them smoke a cig in my car like nah
 the girl that just walked past me smelled like weed and bologna 
 @fairycherries im on probation cant smoke but ok
 i smoked a cigarette to see what my mommie would do she didnt care lalak
 need a fwen to smoke a blunt with me 
 story calgary cop accused of stealing marijuana set up in undercover sting  court hears on day 1 of his trial 
 lemme clean a lil then a nice lil smoke break
 yea smoke crack lol
 @cannasurveys yes but you could take alcohol away for the rest of my life and i would be content  as long as i can smoke. 
 mf got sacks of weed wit no rellos
 some guy asked me if i wanted a marijuana 13 yo next to me
 18 degrees out too high to go the gym to lift and do cardio stay home smoke and do yoga.   god i fucking love yoga.
 its okay to smoke here and there. but when weed is more important than the people that care abt you its time to stop.
 doctor do you smoke  me why tryna match xd
 need jawns to dance on the pole at the crib tonight  cook and ill smoke you up 
 my high school  in the 70s students used this as a shield to hide from the nazijock gym teacher to smoke joints 
 cant wait to smoke this blunt
 id share my weed with you. not you tho because you said i was a fat ass.
 my smoke alarm is dying and my dog wont stop crying 
 bucket list item 420 smoke so much weed for a long time because smoking weed is tight and im a stoner and weed is good bro. seriously 420
 um smokes poutinerie delivery yes take my money thank you.
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 who wants to talk about cannabis apot
 ion go no where i cant smoke  thats why i stop going to family functions 8 years ago 
 ice cold slander we got smoke 
 travel ban imposed on @sunsarataylor prevents her from leaving psych ward. bitch needs to lose her virginity or smoke a dick  shes mad 
 im bout to smoke my whole off day
 used to have to walk around the block to smoke now i dont leave the bed
 happy birthday aj  ill smoke a blunt with you later dont worry  
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 lmao boots smoked 
 need friends 2 come smoke blunt access rn hurry mitch wont get out of bed bc he slept with his contacts in and cant see hurry help
 a true smokers delight  devourtheflower @ canna culture 
 delectable apple  onion amp brie crepes with a side of smoked maple bacon  buon appetito from  
 this is a whole fucking crack house my granny got me buying this weed from
 if youre a woman amp still bang with chris brown  youre washed up. beats women  smokes cigs  and his 2 nose rings look dumb.
 i guess it takes falling asleep with a cough drop in your mouthampwaking up 2 hours later w it still in for your smokers hack to go away.
 @dcartscenter @whitehousehstry make it happen a smoked gouda would be nice
 all i need is somebody whos fly who wanna smoke these tress down for doing acid
 final season stats points per game  team leaders  chris moore 9.8 jaquail brown 9.1 jaquan hemphill 8.4 emmanuel rhyne 8.2 cam june 6.7
 yeah  border agent just waves the guy carrying the bale of marijuana right through like it were salty snacks. 
 find @besomatik cannabis cold brew at harvest shops today thanks for the shoutout httpst.cokuovr89qky
 me no i dont smoke or drink and i never have everyone  
 when you zooted on your way to the weedman crib....
 someone come smoke me up
 just wanna smoke with @the1975  just chill
 wanna smoke a blunt nah man im good thanks though its got antioxidants.. ill be right there
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in valencia  ca 
 good smoke girl breathe it in
 how do you leave the gym and then immediately smoke a cigarette like what
 im jusss tryna smoke this blunt
 @melanieeresman @expatjake wed sit at dunns  eat smoked meat and laugh at the freaks on st catherine street..walk home at 7 am
 its like i have writers block then i smoke a face and i suddenly sound like walt whitman with a touch of albert einstein and charles darwin
 where are all my weed bandanas wtf
 @patrickg4 @emilypixa she dont want no smoke
 female all you do is smoke and lie  me tuh..  
 og kush27.7thc this batchacdc20cbd this batch cannabis butter. need to shape into bars 
 hb1148 engross registration of industrial hemp cultivators 
 @colemcgee09 and weed. and any other smokeable product
 itd be cool to have one of those we makeout every now and then but mostly cuddle and smoke weed type of people but this is real life 
 we deserve a smoke break
 nigga said he smoked 10 blacks a day
 i obscenely want to smoke a pack of cigarettes and listen to the 1975 until sunrise
 nanu start building your cannabis empire today
 lemme smoke and go to sleep
 just 200 miles down 95 and a pack of smokes and ill be at cpac2017
 free smoke kendraedivine mpdwnm 
 smoke weed when i skip class now im an addict
 @mstoya1913 this what about chicago nonsense if simply a smokescreen to advance the same racist thinking dressed up in a new facade.
 1 day away from the most anticipated party hoe get that weave ya weed ya nails ya fit ya liquor bt leave the drama bigassmardigras2
 happy birthday @gummbra hopefully your lungs are filled with lots of blunt smoke my dude
 wow theres just nothing like being woken up by the smell of cigarettes being smoked in the house 
 mf move fast af when weed involved but business needs to get handled they taking they time
 nonfiction classifying system almost done. my weeding project has been quite the undertaking  but will be worth it. 
 i must look like a stoner  people always message me asking me if i am interested in buying or i know where to get weed.
 well  someone is definitely smoking marijuana on the @cta and its not me. im going to have an interesting workout after this trip.
 i just want a friend who truly has my best interest at heart  amp whos down to go for walks amp just talk amp smoke amp enjoy the fucking weather.
 @babyimalyssa i just wanted to smoke smh 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 521 north carey street baltimore 
 what a great night wed like to thank our cannabis amp cocktails panellists amp guests for a stellar event. stay tuned 
 @beautyix yes bro like you not about to waste my weed be pissing me off
 hb 1204 up next  bill would legalize industrial hemp sdleg
 just smoke sum  take ya mind off the bullshit.
 white house cracking down on legal weed states is a bad move  legal weed is a tax gold mine... very sad
 have to love level of ignorancetrump administration puts recreational marijuana in crosshairs  via @aliciawallace
 sean spicer compared recreational marijuana to opioid abuse and then implied that the doj will be looking jnto enforcement of fed laws
 smoke again and smoke again
 coincidence that the same day the talk about having more forprofit prisons that they want to attack the marijuana community triggered
 there is a giant fire in logan and all i can see in every direction from my house is smoke
 state legislators would have to decide whether or not to leave medical marijuana decision up to voters. @wlos13
 cracking down on stateregulated marijuana use seems like a bad political move but so did donald trump. 
 i need a consistent weed man 
 ok dtj  so ur gonna stress me tf out w your politics and then not even let me enjoy recreational cannabis to calm down rude.
 bro i need a fing weed man in liberty 
 for the record i dont smoke cigs
 im on probation  i cant smoke too much. rollin though the streets almost sobered up. 7 am amp they know wassupppp
 freshman year got suspended for a week for coming into school smelling like weed  told them it was my mom.. didnt 
 if anyone wants to invite me for some drinks or some little smoke smoke im open to it 
 conservatives smoke immigrant cigars and measure their dicks with shrimp cocktail at country club meetings. truth
 tomorrow is moving day and im anxious as hell. someone smoke me out lol
 im just gonna smoke a blunt amp call it a night its time.
 lmao  hillary still wouldve lost if i hadnt voted third party. and id still smoke anyway  
 9.8 pounds of pork loin in the fridge to brine. excited to put it in the smoker tomorrow. fingers crossed.
  i wanna  smoke  weed 
 bucket list 1. fall in love 2. meet brooke davis  3. smoke w wiz
 anyone around huntington park area down to smoke message me. im bored.
 @maddow private prisons for marijuana users. then replace undoc workers with inmates in fields. trump traitors great scheme to maga sick
 when ppl constantly post about how much weed u smoke  daily..  1 we get it  u smoke   2 great example im sure younger folks look up to u.
 @kayyiman smoke it off
 how do people smoke cigarettes in their cars with the windows up... or smoke them at all for that matter thats disgusting
 the genius  our 10 year old resident video editor and shred master getting into the weeds 
 fresh andouille before the smoker. @ magnolias kitchen personal 
 want to start your application for medical marijuana in florida contact me @igersjax 
 @danielleegnew tall order  we signed up for this b4 we arrived. me  just wanted to incarnate to eat french fries again   smoke cigs 
 remember guys conservatives amp liberals are pharmaceutical slaves. they hate marijuana because it hurts their man ma 
 im at smoke in md 
 no one repeat no one has ever odd from weed  @apcentralregion 
 dude called to file a stolen car claim. turns out he got stoned  drove to get smokes  walked home  and forgot the car at the store.
 you want to roll out the feds on marijuana... just replace momgodetc with trump or government. 
 serious question can the feds really target rec weed while leaving med alone when theres literally zero diff legally @ federal level
 in 9th grade i brought vape pens to school and smoke with all my gal pals in the bathroom before mass and got suspe 
 hit this weed cuz it might calm u downnnn
 im a grown ass woman   living on my own .. but i will never tell my mama i smoke every day of my life lmao . sorrymom 
 recreational cannabis at risk of federal regulation 
 wheres theres obvious giant clouds of smoke  theres a damn fire honey.
 when you have a hot smokergrill from an earlier cook and some thawed out chickens. @ pig in a 
 community wants to crack down on synthetic marijuana 
 you wanna sip lean and you wanna smoke dope now
 @oddfuckingtaco  smoke pizza  eat wine drink weed
 take every negative thought captive and hold it up to the light of christ. it is smoke that disappears when held to the word of god.
 highlights from tonights dinner. smoked sea bass  beef tenderloin taco  marsala glazed beef rib  and pastrami slid 
  medical use of the cannabis plant is coming to america. the science is here freedom botanical healthyalternative
 for one i have a whole federal government job amp two stink would knock my damn head off he hates when i smoke
 nights that you wanna smoke but you cant are the most depressing 
 @bremstone i feel asleep  my wife just woke me up at my desk  smoked and posted this as im headed to bed. been a long few sleepless days
 i only smoke cigarettes when ive had too mich to drink lther than that i hate them lol.
 gramma said she smell my cigar smoke
 i had a dream a teacher searched my bag for weed except all they found was a gansito
 i be like damn i smoked all that weed 
 i hate when im walking in public and mfs be yelling out the fact that i smell like weed 
 im a smart smoker dont get me wrong...
 you can tell the reaper ima meet him when he send for me with a cleaver and a .30 and some twisted weed  i pick one 
 plumes of smoke from the attic of the vacant historic corbett building at 7th st amp 6th av. fire trucks causing clos 
 smoke weed every day. we stay higher. 
 i think for a career i want to study the usage of marijuana throughout history lol
 @johnfugelsang has anyone proposed legislation to legalize marijuana at the federal level
 the only smoke shop i go to is puffs in humble . they love me 
 @r0yfrench smoking weed playing tunes. got some time to 
 @seanspicer maybe you should smoke a joint before your next briefing. 10th
 these weed brownies will blow ya shit back word to @chip216
 the 1 song on the american top 40 for the week of 22677 was new kid in town by the eagles.   we had the best weed back then as well. 
 dont nobody want no smoke with remy amp thats facts 
 thank god for weed
 holy smokes. how did i just now start digging into animals as leaders
 airing out my condo after forgetting i was heating up a jar of coconut oil. its been almost half an hour amp quite a bit of smoke remains.
 i love that ralph i smoke it by the lauren
 should recreational marijuana be legal
 dealers leaving tentvillage as camper smokes  full view of families amp children @dhvillage @dallascitymgr 
 @airsquad9 @stuartpalley where you seein info cant find any  just talked to someone in lompoc  no smoke visible.
 who trynna smoke
 @fortpointbeers manzanita a smoked altbier brewed with charred manzanita. its a smoky desert 
 you know when you got a new weed smoker around when you test em and ask who they dealer is and they tell you like umm nah idfwy
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 the only thing that helped them ease the time they had left was marijuana. no one should suffer with cancer aids ep 
 ight fuck all yous a nigga was just tryna smoke at work 
 i smoke weed like its legal but i need to slow my row.
 my parents sitting here lecturing me about how if i dont stop smoking weed ill die i cant stop laughing
 they really want me to smoke  yall nah
 drinking a smoke filled room by @hopbutcher @ death star  
 drinking a smoke screen by @bpbrewing at @bpbrewing  
 shes a tiny chain smoker.  @mikerolincik  on judy garland
 @therealjuicyj what do i have to do to smoke with you before the show
 bitch i smoke rapper weed 
 @ohmygoditskat hahaha yaaa im in la for a month like whaaat dinner party. or at least a little smoke session
 she didnt even hit it tho  bitch wasting weed and peoples time with this shit 
 probably gone slide to the beach and smoke a joint fuck it
 claim jumper wifi is not working im just trying to smoke a cigarette im quitting.
 not at all a byu fan  but im thrilled to see the zags undefeated season go up in smoke.
 yall we done smoked 20 blunts amp its takin me everything not to tap out but im over here tweakinnn in my head 
 the dopest dope ive eva smoked
 id prob be a hippie who meditates for 7 hours a day amp smokes mad weed amp call everyone dude bc its a safe gender neutral term
 after last night im glad i only smoke tree and dont do nothin else no more  last night was a wake up call
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign...  
 @alzheimerssoc marijuanas thcampcbd r effective4slowingampreversing alzheimers dementia wout gettingu highlook it up 
 yea i smoked.
 to the neighbor who blasts oldies every sunday morning  thank you amp bless your soul. i absolutely love waking up to smokey ribinson
 downside of universal health care is watching this 300 lb smoker salt his wings amp fries w gravy knowing his heart attack  cancer is on me
 and now she just walked in with a giant bag of weed from her black buddy im cracking up 
 @sensanders lives in 3 houses  smokes pot with his supporters and gets railroaded not once but twice by the @dnc  
 someone in san marcos or san antonio sell me some weed  also if u tryna hang today hmu 
 i just smoked the best weed. its the best. our old weed was all bad. the worst. and i made a mexican pay for it. best deal ever.
 southwest smokehouse burger at @chilis 
 tonights smoked dinner baby back ribs amp jalapeo poppers meatchurch 
 @diamondandsilk hotdog oscar. i wonder who a lil smokey reminds you of
 @ironkid i dont smoke 
 our last dish on tonight smoked brisket  caramelized carrot mustard  caraway and dill cabbage 
 @cnelsonv @mdemforce all smoke and mirrors.
 having a chucky marathon with some pizza and some good smoke 
 @robinmcgraw  ethics  obsession v possession  ownership have has had  celibacy is to virginity  as sex is to marijuana
 does weed count as veggies 
 free smoke
 n i wish a mafucka would call me a rookie  dont get it twisted i will out smoke a mafucka if i need to
 i want my dying breath to be kush smoke
 cigar smoke  troy ave | king sevin
 cigar smoke  troy ave | king sevin
 i smell weed at this school
 lifes short smoke a port
 so i came home last night and discovered that my dog ate a whole 8er of weed.... she was literally stoned out of her mind
 honestly if you can smoke a cigarette on campus  you should be able to smoke a joint too 
 great food  great weed  great weather  women finer than j.lo california
 might smoke and watch moonlight. i still aint seen it
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 824 s sharp st 
 @zashary he gave me weed
 ur wcw gets panic attacks when she smokes lol
 i sound like an 80 year old man who smokes 100 packs of cigarettes per day
 @wtop what is up with all the smoke
 @sarahkliff so looking forward to the next the weeds podcast
 2017 and people still think smoking weed is bad 
 not storm clouds and soil but smoke and ash in woodward okfire 
 i smoke dough like a chimney 
 wander where the wifi is weak p.s. the jeep is for sale @ smokey 
 i wont roll your weed though 
 i cant wait to smoke hella blunts at sp
 ima sip until i feel it ima smoke it till its done
 poor bugs bunny and smokey the bear kylee rescuepup tailsofhope glad i dont spend much on 
 i only smoke chronic shirts are still available check out  
 i am outside tryna enjoy my lil smoke sesh but there are feral cats fornicating
 someone bring me a cig amp ill smoke you out  please 
 @calikroeker just black smoked me
 bouta get out and smoke some good dope
 my weed is just waiting to be smoked
 the best way to save money on cigarettes.... buy ones you cant smoke  shout out 2 dr. couture 
 aint smoke all day 
 i dont do shit but smoke weed  intern  volunteer  and occasionally go to class
 i just pet my cat with my new hempwick in my hand. it was so close to being ruined
 when you sit  around lots of weed all the time.. weed is like dirt foreal  its so funny
 i smoke at 420 am and pm yaaallll stoner
 i would set the smoke alarm off at 140am while cooking
 pot businesses  lawmakers  bureaucrats gather for marijuana policy conference 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 531 willow avenue baltimore  . 
 its raining so hard the lights in my house fliccering. if they go out im stepping outside to smoke
 @jongyeonji montreal smoked meat  aldubxdtbysinagnibenjie
 holy smokes roger
 im going to smoke the fattest blunt tomorrow morning
 akiras white day gr is really strong holy smokes
 i just want to smoke a cigar  drink whiskey  and have a dope conversation
 were hiring click to apply reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive job jobs
 havent smoked in a while. proud of me losing my pack. 
 im at oregon cannabis co. in albany  or 
 i need to smoke
 my car smells 100 like weed and my dads boutta borrow it  nice
 whats a worst feeling.. dropping your food or spillin your weed
 gwbcc amp wb henry ford hospital sponsor informative panel discussion on harmful effects of marijuana. become informe 
 @jakesteffan how much crack did u smoke today
 im just a depressive ass nigga who makes music smokes weed amp likes art. other than that i dont have much to say  see for yourself.
 @marighee man buy the weed we smoking it and then im buying our food stop tweakin
 damn who smells like weed inside @brothersmuncie  damnson
 sometimes i need a smoke break
 is this how you make smoked salmon 
 i wonder if buying weed before food is logic...
 debating if i should smoke or not
 i only smoke serious mid with the stems in n a lil dirt to give it a kick miss me wit that gas shit 
 i just wanna produce music and smoke weed with my friends
 this past week ive been smoking a 18th of oil a day. thank you god for marijuana
 living w my uncle is pretty cool bc he always gives me weed lol
 @deman760 @thehill so what hes a traitor  thats what. thats why you responded in the first place. put down the weed  boy.
 yall be letting people smoke mid around yall
 cocaine is the new marijuana in oroville i swearrrr.
 yes. i aint explaining shit. anybody that say no need to smoke less crack. 
 i really dont know if its coke weed or pills he selling dou
 i wonder how long i could go without leaving this room  probably pretty long if i were willing to miss work and smoke illegally
 the third annual smoke in the boro promises to be a mouth watering event  loaded with fun  live 
 when ya dad come home and bust the smoke sesh @alysonlane457 
 breakfast smoked turkey  shrimp veggies and theres some indomie in there. 
 ap interview la sheriff thinks feds may target marijuana | california news | us news 
 wheres all the ganja at 
 go smoke 
 tim kaines son arrested smoke bombing pro trump rallypathetic sore losing family trump  maga  vault7  internationalwomensday
 i hate when bitches dont know how to smoke weed right g  bitch like you just wasted weed 
 @putneyman good evening dave lovely afternoon here  yesterday had smoke in the air from a brush fire south of us. roll on thirstday day 
 @alifaith55 @aagriffin84 creating smoke
 @pattonoswalt on both sides  poor w150 month smokes dems and poor w10k in gun collection on the repub. crazy both @madmoneyoncnbc
 weed gotta be legal everywhere now deadass.    everybody smoke so whats the problem
 beauty of a day training outside but nobody and i mean nobody should have to run by a company party with a bbq smoker and a slight breeze
 money also needs to be spent on some weed killer... laugh. im so waiting for any monetary amount so i can grow tha 
 just got the  on sum dispensary smokes back at the crib
 elkins nm wed mar 8th pm forecast tonight smoke lo 45 thursday smoke hi 85
 my aunt talking about it smells like weed
 or am i forced to smoke in my car
 shoulder fired missiles leave a smoke trail that says dan is here...  @dwarfclone @vekafitzfrancis @bosseone2 @rantsoutloud @pavlovzcat
 im trying to smoke rn but i dont have any plugs lmfaoooooooooo
 my house be smelling like chicken and weed..i dont cook chicken and i dont smoke weed talking about her neighbors 
 not trying smoke but i think im about to get cooked 
 theres smoke and theres smoke and theres smoke and theres smoke and holy wow  trms @maddow tonight is brilliant. trumprussia
 someone bring me rellospapers and ill smoke one w ya
 the amount of guys ive out smoked before is insane.
 mfs tryna get dey education and smoke blunts innat mf  
 @thedonfonseca @johnnyorteezwhat i just smoked
 @georgethepoet is lit i cant wait to be rich enough to call him to my house so we can smoke some illegal cubans
 when your friends push you to drink and smoke more.
 gm @ hempstead village  new york 
 why are so few people actually educated on weed
 baby the weed lit  lemme take you on this trip.
 just want to smoke sex amp vibe
 tommorow aint promised roll that weed
 legalizing marijuana is throwing gasoline on addiction fire  says former congressman kennedy 
 story time so apparently this girl in my writing class said wow it smells skunky in here after a kid who had just smoked walked in
 hello well b @garmin  on turner rd 2day 4lunch 10302  5038518157 4txt orders smoked pork ampsemi sandwiches wil 
 i just want somebody to come smoke wit me and watch me play 2k and battlefield
 some people judge me that i smoke evrry day this i know  but i bet yall 100 yall still couldnt pass my calc class  what that say about you
 healthy packed lunch goes into the fridge when 19 hour smoked brisket appears...work cafeteria 
 is @hughhewitt a known cannabis prohibitionist dude is goading sessions for a crackdown. but conservatives and states rights amirite
