 so proud to be involved cannabitech closes seed funding round to bring topnotch innovation in medical cannabis 
 burgundy  halo smokey eyes. check previous post for the mini tutorial @blackopalbeauty true 
 @reemtheequeen when im in the studio i take smoke breaks today i went to meetings i didnt smoke or drink coffee how do u do this reem
 never smoked and got dizzy from the shit 
 something something lights @ green street smoked meats 
 the government keeps the war on weed happening because they dont want people to be enlightened and happy 
 i need some new music to listen to while i smoke. 
 these girls suck way too much dick. i dont smoke with them
 at the bar chain smoking cigarettes and i dont even smoke  i know i should drink a little less
 wanna smoke but cant find the lighter or strength to get up
 @rustedrussell and then she fails to do that by diving into the weeds of an extremely specific  boring problem
 why does it smell like weed in my class lmao
 @cbs47  you know we are all tired of the teenage sex trafficking and legal weed promo. what have you done this month
 does steve bannon just never wash his face and chain smoke all day or what
 @horizons93 so true. its easy to get lost in content weeds amp drift from vision. thats why i love having core values posted everywhere
 @kaeliswaggerty if youre a smoker you do enjoy the smell i quit and now i cant stand the smell its very weird but true
 someone in my class smells like weed and for once it isnt me 
 long time coming most dallasparks will be smoke free starting march  1st @dallasparkrec d2  
 me too   for weed 
 i dont like matching people   well depends on who you are. i rather smoke by myself thanks
 my ex fucked a methhead but tried to say that weed made me different 
 mykindofpartyincludes a whole lot of booze  food  and weed.
 who wanna smoke
 @saleemusama @ca13ra1  plus still havent legalized or decriminalized marijuana
 bri asked me if i wanna smoke the stems cause it gives u character
 you can smoke by yourself  
 live stream wit lil red come smoke with us. 
 trump has already filed for 2020 so his donors can get away with giving him money no one knows about thanks to scotus. smokethat
 once yo parents find out you smoke they blame everything you done on weed
 @datsik wanna smoke a blunt before the show
 how many blunts did yall smoke today
 friend smoking isnt classy me good thing i smoke to get high and fall asleep amp not be classy 
 disclaimer i do not smoke blunts its just a hard ass bar
 witnessed some smoke  saw fire crackers  and saw debris from the protest while catching a ride down bancroft. ucberkeley
 @callmekits i was so terrified of getting dry sockets that i didnt eat drink or smoke for like a month amp i lost like 20 pounds 
 in order for something to grow ya have to pull the bad weeds right out. the elite 8 minus 1 vivicasblackmagic ciaoalvester 
 @billmaher @jmpalmieri go smoke a joint you smug pothead.
 jarrod going around telling everybody that i smoked his blunt  like bye 
 i mom threw my weed in da trash
 opened report via iphone at 246 ruggles st  mission hill  please cut weeds. 
 my papa just said if i cant smoke in this damn rehab center then you cant smoke at all 
 i think i fell asleep before 11 last night  holy smokes
 what do you think about marijuana it is a question we need to be discussing. 
 im going to smoke this blunt and forget you 
 rhobh afterbuzz im edens spirit animal... after i smoke a joint spiritual zen
 this guy just walked by me and absolutely reeked of weed.....in my teaching class hahaha
 who want smoke in that imessage 
 looking through old pictures ive taken and reminiscing the memories as the smoke lingers 
 @abbeysbooks like nixon  when the smoke clears  by the many dozen.
 how i verified but u prolly smoke mid willingly
 two things i hate seeing peoples post on facebook.  1. peoples asking who got weed  2. looking for a job
 just need to smoke
 i told this nigga match he ft me quick asf  knowing damn well i dont smoke
 blazin gun smoke
 you a laaaaaame and ya bitch break down my weed sometimes
 bouta smoke this blunt with this nigga eli
 cocaine is a gateway drug to marijuana
 mom  no one calls it marijuana. you sound like a grandma.
 @peoplesoracle weed activists are shook over jeff sessions recent comments. dont underestimate how much white ppl love their dispensaries
 i got weed 
 talk to me as i smoke lmao 
 weave in they head weed in they purse
 all i want is a loyal bae that i smoke gas with 
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 if u smoke without a bev im calling the sesh off mate
 @larbiii lol youre doing that weeding laugh arent you 
 it angers me to think about all the smoke that wasnt inhaled in the world like thats so much weed that could have been put to good use
 blow more smoke than a broke exhaust
 time to smoke 
 its been medically proven that watching a ball game called by bill walton kills more brain cells than smoking what bill smokes beforehand.
 @misslizzynj it was. it was from all the wood that they had to burn to keep warm in their homes.the smoke created covered the atmosphere
 offically accepted into ctc for next year cant wait @ hempfield high school 
 @sassyre75696315  holy smokes. damn near fell outta my chair. busted out laughing. lol 
 girls who smoke cigarettes  you could be the baddest bitch out there but as soon as you pickup a cig ill pass
 @paonthemic @paulcharchian before sweet child o mine  there was smoke on the water.
 the nfl should allow players to smoke weed to deal with pain
 but still check your smoke detectors 12news 
 hahaha i smoke now bet on my way 
 still got weed amp tryna get more.
 bill helps minority marijuana businesses prosper cannabisatwork warondrugs .@mincannbusassoc 
 food might kill us  but at least we can smoke our cigars 
 i just burnt down my trump tower and im kinda sad about it but also kinda happy. the real problem rn is that my damn room is full of smoke
 hcr79 new study of the costs and benefits of medicinal marijuana 
 teachers arent paid enough already  governor wants to strip medical leave. craziness  just legalize weed amp use 
 apparently my old boss sells weed
 new friends. new weed. everything is great
 the joint by cannabis  chronic creations wax25gm or craft shatter30gm otdrec  denver  cannasaver  thejoint
 if your smoke break is an hour  it is not longer a break.
 @tuckervogt cannabis is the industry to be in just look at @cloudn9nesyrup
 @erikameghan you can email our smokehouse manager matt at matt@redbarnmarket.ca and he can give you a complete list.
 lol you know you smoke a lot when the jamaican lady got ya fronto and papers ready when you walk up to the counter 
 this just happened. @ smoke restaurant plano 
 we smoken in my room today  hotbox lets gooo
 shoot yo weedman if the dope aint smoking
 out of work before 10 on a friday        time to smoke crack w the boys
 i need some weed. 
 my mom just offered me a job at her marijuana farm in cali over the summer...dreams do come true.
 nah  prob jus gon smoke
 @maaaybenot u fucking get me u have always understood me now every time ur sick im gonna ask if youve smoked weed recently ily
 currently waiting for my weed
 the governments weed looks like fish food 
 dont forget to set your clocks ahead amp change your smoke alarm batteries before you go to bed tonight fox 2 
 @onsomeshit yo dude i know i dont know you but lets smoke
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i  smoke broccoli 
 please retweet so that trump supporters understand that legal weed n medical marijuana is in grave danger. 
 quote from jons mom back in the day at concerts you didnt need to bring weed all you had to do was breathe. i swear she cracks me up
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation forrestcity  ar job
 i just want someone true. someone to smoke with me.
 the weed be letting you kno 
 literally i had a headache and smoked a bowl and felt better. its literally magic  
 let the birthday smokes begin @ lake country cigars in delafield  wi 
 name one person doing 15 years for a gram of weed and i will delete my twitter account dont worry ill wait  
 guy on the bus smelling of weed  repeatedly looking at his hand  and taking selfies.
 gotta think before you eat femininist weed head pussy rt @syesamaalt he gay not for diving in. 
 my solution to everything is marijuana. or a nap.
 ioon want ur airy weed
 bitchs complaining about the smell of smoke but it smell like fucking spoiled milk and shit. really will light up blunt up like a candle tf
 would you believe me if i said there are bigger and better things out there rather than just sitting on your ass and smoking weed everyday
 if they dont sell weed out your barbershop u at the wrong shop
 should i smoke before or after i do my makeup.. 
 another saturday on the boat. this weekends chill spot weedon island.  @ weedon island 
 when you dont smoke but all your posts are about smoking. roastedtoasted itsalllovetho 
 who tryna smoke sumn
 hot fudge and a lil smoke
 below freezing saturday smoke amp drink. guinness beer beerdrinker romeoyjulieta cigar 
 its saturday  if you didnt have fun last night  now is the time  come smoke a hookah and listen to awesome tunes..
 i just met a white frat dude who smokes swishers with the tobacco and saves old smoked swishers im done
 dont forget you smoke alarm battery too. @ckfiredept springforward 
 @gordondemand well done smokey. keep rocking. excellent
 it aint never shit to do in cleveland besides smoke
 im watching a bad nollywood film. geez  they could have at least changed the smoke alarm battery before filming its beeping and beeping.
 this past week... ive never wanted to smoke a bowl so badly in my life...
 @cartierburgundy he was probably mad she not only looked crazy.. but was smoking up all his weed  she doesnt see hints..
 had a fever earlier. then i smoked a joint and i dont even feel it .
 congrats to the smoke  bring it back to the 409
 finished weeds 
 so whos trying to come over and smoke with me on my porch  since i cant go farther than 100 ft
 help  need weed
 with the fam enjoying stories  laughs  drinks  smokes and each other. family is a blessing @ 
 my brother smoked some pork  gonna go right along with this plate i made at work tonight. 
 any one trying to smoke .. ill scoop
 my girls treat me better than any ex i had... im not home right now but go over and chill in my room  i got hella weed toogtgtgtgtgtgtgt
 @jcardonaa smoke some weed bby
 i keep everything neutral i just wana smoke and leave 
 new word of the night smoke bomb
 i smoked like 5 jays and i ate a meal but im still hungry and i cant even do anything about it 
 i am italian half cheese  half weed
 im so excited my smokes is coming  to spend this whole week with me 
 @shizzyroc bring me weed shizzy
 had a dream last night that my sister had a party and bought everyone weedinfused nose strips............
 attorney general sessions wont rule out using mafia law to go after legal marijuana @alternet 
 smokin weed switching time zones
 now that weed is legal in massachusetts  i smell it in public everyday. progress 
 we believe in individual freedom in this country  exceptions to this rule abortion  marijuana  opioids  basicall 
 yesterday some homeless folk downtown asked me i wanted to smoke a blunt with them  i said no thanks guys  i get high off respecting women
 wait a min  roll up the weed
 og barely smokes its hilarious hell kill a pacc of squares before two whole joints on my mama
 drinking a le freak by @greenflashbeer @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  
 @wwebitches @whackedent dave went on smoke break wood did i miss 
 im at jet wash in hempstead  ny 
 when you smoke her out  take her out to eat and appreciate her then she says thanks friend  me 
 drinking a raging bitch belgian ipa by @flyingdog @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  
 who started this trend of selling weed for under 200 an ounce 
 i need weed.
 no weed and im hungry
 fancy hash browns | smoked salmon poached eggs  american caviar brunch food foodie foodpic 
 dont sleep on my focus. youll get smoked bro
 deliciousandsimple enjoying brunch @cremapg with my love nick. house made smoked 
 fired up the smoker finally
 i smoked a nice one   out ya boy to sleep
 glad to be off for the rest of the day and tomorrow period.. finna smoke this joint  wash my ass then wash my clothes...
 been at the airport flight got delayed .. left da airport to smoke da pressure now im boardin otw to da city
 smoking is so unattractive tbh i hate that my mom smokes
 i need to smoke asap.
 @msforlikay yessir with chopped goat meat and smoked mackerel. 
 this is me every time i smoke  
 mom do you smoke me smoke what mom what do you mean what me fuck
 aaaaand another. i just couldnt make myself like that smoke ring drawingdragons twitter only lets you do 140 se 
 i got brothers i dont need no friends  chillin gettin comfortable smokin weed again
 fuck bowling lmao im ready to smoke
 or ill give you all my weed and you can run me over. i like this option more
 me she smokes a lot of weed  my sister  uh oh next comes the heroin 
 someone on this tv show just blamed someone for just smoking weed and binge watching house of cards honestly fuck of
 i know my dad smoked the last of my bud and its taking everything in me not to go pour  cold water on him in his sleep
 smh im just tryna smoke 
 @bitchmale if i had weed i would describe it as recalibrating
 lmaoo i can barely do my smokey eye for comp 
 shoot the weedman if the dope aint smoking.
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 2115 fleet st  trashcan without li 
 to not be drawn towards caffeine  aka  espresso  or alcohol or even marijuana anymore is a pure release. literally. after all this. no rehab
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 3005 rosedale ct  pikes of trash 
 are the carletonuniversity snowflake generation afraid of scales to weigh their marijuana seeds
 @jwcounsell are the carleton university snowflake generation afraid of scales to weigh their marijuana seeds
 people r saying it smells like weed 
 he was like  i would never smoke before a fitting or a meeting but when i want to design and be creative  i smoke a joint and get to work
 best song to smoke too. 
 we hotbox the rental all weekend and they didnt smell no smoke 
 buying weed is like buying vc   yo dude will be fye but you still suck at 2k and dont know how to use him   toodeep levelupsoberly
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1417 north longwood street baltimore  send me 
 so i fucking got an 8th and no one wants to smoke w me rlly
 they are talking about wether or not weed was bartered for cigarellos. on cnn it is pretty easy to see that was a common occurrence or not.
 lakewood smokehouse doesntt have a twitter account but they do have local buzz on draft and this batch tastes phe 
 @lilspark713 mark ass aint want no smoke
 tim and i take candy breaks every time someone else takes a smoke break
 if all he do is smoke  and lay meat you dating a bbq grill bitch
 weed weed is good for your heart the more you smoke the happier you are 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3736 10th st  
 yummy.  i love smoked or honey smoked salmon 
 thats like me saying im addicted to crack but i havent smoked any 
 jeff sessions just spoke candidly about marijuana and you wont like what he said @themotleyfool stocks   cracker
 i remember the first time i saw a girl i thought about stepping to smoke cigs.  shocking moment. 
 my neighbors smoke so much weed that i can smell it all the way from my room..
 @michaell0302 funny part is  pharma prices continue to rise  recreation weed drop in prices.
 my weed dealer just followed me on snapchat
 if 1 of my brothers get smoked in front of me   god wont be able to stop wat ima do and i wont be in a right mind to be on twitter
 moms refuse to give me bread she said i spend all my money on liq and weed 
 if the possum wants the yard that is fine. the deck is mine  i wont go out and smoke on the deck now. lol been going out front.
 ive never smoked weed  been drunk  snuck out or skipped school. copy amp paste this as your status whoever likes it 
 i got woken up to smoke 
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 if you cant eat unless you smoke maybe you should stop smoking idk
 happy birthday demi. u are my best friend ever my smokey my ride or die i love u so much i seriously couldnt do 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 i really dont sleep when i dont smoke before bed .
 just want to smokeeeeee.  
 i smell weed and i looked around then smelled my shirt like wtf i dont even smoke  its just a habit 
 someone in this waiting room smells like weed
 im not gon do sexual turn ons lol but i fw people who vibe matches mine and smoke weed 
 yall i want this job so bad im determined man. done smoking weed and all.  send one up for me 
 when your last resort weed man live across the street
 it may be snowing 2 inches an hour but best believe ill be hitting the weedman today if necessary
 @morningmika  you fell into  his trap.... its a smokescreen to take the media off of the real scandal about him in the russians. lol
 false. still not tryna end up looking like karen from redondo beach aged 45 before or after she did a weed 
 lemme clean my room shower and smoke
 im trying to smoke and hit up somewhere good to eat 
 id never smoke that. ever. idc if they gave me a free ounce 
 cut my hand open w a knife trying to make a waterfall for a mediocre hit of weed
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 @tybunz i smoked a filtered one on lunch and still feeling it so ima definitely try out the other for sure
 i dont smoke nor drink or pop amp im proud of myself for dat.
 is there anyone in college thaat smokes good ass weed more than once a day and still keeps up with work i dont think that shit possible.
 i said baby just bad bitches because u cant smoke de free shittttttttttttttttttttttttt
 @sofargoneboy he didnt like it and i dont need weed to function so it wasnt a big deal considering i really liked him lol.
 it cost to smoke. real shit
 if the skank next door could stop smoking weed and making my room reek  thatd be great. fuckyou
 if i hung out with you more then 3 times we smoked together. its a fact lmao
 when u see ur landlord parking outside ur window and remember u didnt take the bag off the smoke detector 
 stay down until you elevate.. @ smokes 2 
 i luv weed u can eat in the middle without almost barfing on urself
 need a fine lil honeydip to roll my weed for me 
 taxleak timing is suspicious  possible smokescreen to the trumpcare cbo numbers
 having remote start is sweet cuz i can warm up my car before i go smoke lol
 some vets have serious ptds amp some vets decide to just use their disability as a way to stay at home  smoke and not work bless this world 
 im going to be working with lyss so that means after work smoke sesh is gonna be a must 
 lol well i havent been havin sex lately so its been a smoke spot for now  
 update smoked a dutch of sour with my mom. shes in the other room making weird noises and laughing her ass off.
 me hey can you grind up some weed student athlete the grind never stops the only thing i smoke is my opponent
 me im gonna go work out  my 11 year old sister r u really gonna work out or r u actually going to smoke pot like every other stupid teen
 when my head hurts im in the worst mood. i dont wanna do shit. either smoke or eat  thats about it lol
 you must smoke alot of dicks 
 liam is an angel for giving me weed
 aint nobody down to smoke yo
 ready to get off shit tryna smoke
 @swaggedouttaco dog is you mad im rich lol i dnt even do drugs i just smoke weed whenever i want too i dont even drink liquor no more
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i drank way too much of the weeds  @allalyson17
 someone come thru and smoke
 lol @msnbc hyped about obtaining @potus tax returns and reported them in a flop on @maddow  and now cry smoke and mirrorplant 2 distract
 ceo looking to weed out snowflakes doesnt want people who feel entitledhttpst.co1xqv6ux41l
 for those of you with two wheel drive. spinning your tires at the light until they smoke gets you nowhere. slow and steady is the game.
 @potus @snoopdogg hey trump  you need to smoke some weed and chill out cuz you are trippin yo
 @realdonaldtrump maybe snoop dog should be investigate for all the weed he buys.
 @kingswiftt bap ass shit im tryna smoke weed from pablo
 i need weed in la 
 i came into work smelling like loud and all my boss said was you got sum to smoke out of 
 i cant believe i used to smoke cigs nasty ass shit
 he is a closet weed smoker 
 cant wait to have kids so i can steal their weed
 theyre having a little argument about whos a smoker  oh  dear.  the world must stop for that.  i  myself  have never  ever smoked.
 ya mcm entered the drug game with his income tax money and smoked all the profit
 man i hope trump federally legalizes weed.
 our bowl for weed
 @musicwedday inbox for a free copy of this song when the smoke clears  money new track on soundcloud now 
 @smhyourmom inbox for a free copy of this song when the smoke clears  money new track on soundcloud now 
 yea i smoke weed bitch get off my sack and mind yo own damn business 
 but enough of that mushy shit. its windy asf outside and im trynna smoke wtf
 @seanhannity oh good lord  seriously you who has your head so far up 45s ass you cant think straight. smh keep blowing smoke sean.
 lemme just smoke amp get over this bullshit. 
 they aint yo nigga if they cant kick it w you w out no weed or lean involved
 idk why i think its a good idea to smoke before i have to get ready to go to the club ...
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 just got a quarter of weed for my birthday thanks dad
 you couldnt catch me in the streets without a ton of reefer  thats like malcom x catching the jungle fever
 lol imagine revis  ben  and joey porter walking into a pittsburgh bar  bell brings the weed  and @antoniobrown has it all on facebook live
 someone smoke with me 
 tell ur plug ill blow 4 weed
 for the man too. no  i do not drink. smoke. do drugs  never been to a club. i never done solicitation
 i will never go back to south padre tho because their weed is ass
 just smoke with me baby  lay with me baby  laugh with baby i just want the simple things
 @snoopdogg smoke off
 @victowiamarie lol i am but luckily i lose weight faster than i smoke a blunt
 i like to smoke with new people  i just met this one guy about two hours ago and we just smoked 
 she said she want to smoke with me i said bitch you shoulda said that
 getting paid 2 smoke
 @tylerwinik exactly.as long as jury arent misdirected by judge through loyds inevitable smokescreen  previewed via his circus antics
 every time i smoke w @cuervochelsea she shares her germs w me amp i get such a nasty cold. do i regret it no. will i do it again probably
 holy smokes and hes a doctor 
 jamaican mothers traditionally used marijuana tea to help relieve morning sickness and stress during pregnancy.
 i really might smoke this next theory exam
 i left my bathroom open and now my bathroom smells like weed stupid neighbors.
 @huffingtonpost dont forget to check the smoke detectors....trump has been blowing smoke since elected...surely th 
 this is a flash that he totally does weed 
 it cost me roughly 2.80 to smoke a blunt
 from now on i only date girls that smoke
 clarksdale has the worst weed men 
 yeah....no...not even slicing it right  no smoke rings  and looks dry af. stick to pizza  new york. 
 randomly woke up so now i cant go back to sleep   guess ill smoke myself back to sleep 
 she dont smoke but every time she wit me she be fadeddd
 i smoke with people once and they keep asking to smoke again  im not that interesting bruv
 just had my coffee and morning smoke mood 
 keep ur marijuana at home kids
 splinter sent me to the doc and came back with purple now all i drink and smoke is purple you know me. its lil d 
 if its sumn i hate its dusty ass weed
 im rolling big ass woods  gotta smoke all this weed before i leave saturday lmao
 we will be having a prescribed burn today on mt laguna. smoke will be visible from surrounding areas including pine 
 niggas be talking like they want smoke 
 @zakeaa at all maw. and its either free or 5 and you could smoke. bih what issa package deal
 tbt to doing some weed witchery near a cop car  @ north beach  san francisco 
 now that weed is legal whos going to start the first company to brand joints as swag
 sometimes i grind up all my weed just to keep myself busy lmao
 hitler has come a long way from putting me in a reset program for smoking weed 
 takes few steps on the island and bamb finds hella weed lmao lucky i think so.
 not sure ill be able to find home grown without the weed lot as a landmark. 
 i want to have a reefer party lol
 my birthday monday and i just wanna link w the people that fwm heavy and smoke down something serious amp talk amp eat wings amp play gta  beer
 winter park fl thu mar 16th pm forecast tonight smoke lo 41 friday sunny hi 71
 these weed men nowadays are so trash... its really ridiculous.
 a taco bell employee smoked right outside the front door  forcing me to walk around to the other door.  like girl at least try to care.
 @raniatx put tha cigarette out tho you too fine for those smoke weed instead
 just watched a man wearing a whos your daddy tshirt spill weed on his infant floridiaisthehellmouth
 so me and sam decided to smoke 2 blunts
 it was too cold to smoke so i took 10 shots bc i had to play videos gamescammie
 i wanna smoke a mf wood
 this is why i smoke cigs
 why do attractive people smoke dont do that...
 nsa4life @ st smoke shop 
 y girls scout cookies so live amp y the weed so live
 i keep finding weed in sierras hair
 or.... they just dont smoke
 @anerolxoxo im always down dude lets smoke together lol come to my apartment any time well smoke my apartment out 
 i feel high but i havent smoked  uh
 especially with no weed  
 tom calling me smoke made me think of my dad... damn i miss him rip 
 @joshspiegel needs weed.. @jss98rock @scott98rock @mikeanderson979
 @ohhhkatieee but smoking tho lol... not everybody a smoker
 @rocioandujo its annoying like i dont think youre a badass bc youre smoking weed on snap
 i wish i can smoke my blunt while i get my nails done
 this bitch said wheres your green at   me i smoked it 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 like idc lets all throw up and do the weeds
 i smell cigarette smoke and that is not ok
 i love how my mom just jokes around with me about how much weed i smoke. shes v against weed but shes grown to understand its who i am
 my dad just told me the only way i can hangout with parker was if my dad could smoke with him 
 if you think trimp is good at anything  you must be smoking the same shit i smoke  
 pussy weed and football is all ill ever need in life lol.
 @ somebody you always wanted to smoke with
 only smoke green sweets on the day of st paddys.
 goddamn bitch i dont smoke no gas
 came home from spring break and found a pipe with weed in it sitting next to my dads chair. the times have changed in the leblanc household
 when smoke  the style guide approves.  @ clemson  south carolina 
 my woman is such a good cook  she treats me like an idol  she feeds me burnt offerings. thinks the smoke alarm is a timer maga with humor
 am i the only one amazed by how many people practically confessed on twitter today that they smoke an illegal drug
 @signednesh i had smoked like two days before i aint even smell that shit no more lol
 why does this car smell like weed
 got the crib to myself about to smoke and get down on that ps4 woe
 livepd tip for the day  keep your weed and paraphernalia at home...not in the car
 date night with mysterious girl p datenight lucillesbbq @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  bakersfield 
 too high to walk  to the weed shop
 @cannamedgardens @theloudbank weed ends everyday drama
 everybody been blowing me today. i need to smoke or grab a drink.
 vendor space is limited for the cleveland global marijuana march  inquire here info@clevelandnorml.org 
 i hit the gin then we smoke
 my favorite thing about concerts is watching people experience the smell of weed for the first time
 the crew for halisbday gotta try those funky beers @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 my hair absorbed the smell of smoke..now i want to vomit. cigarettes are so gross
 @damienpvrks lmao im joking yall cant smoke my dope
 i smell like smoke 
 me and @juniorroome just offered to smoke our friends up at a @dennysdiner 
 the hollywood boulevard smells like weed and bratwurst
 @lisellle pro medical marijuana. so i am sorry you are in pain theres no reason to take it out on me. thanks
 bruhhhhhh someone smoke me out rn
 needa smoke it out
 @realdonaldtrump can we get a real investigation here the smoke is finally leading us to the fire lock him up very bad
 ncaa wants 2 weed out the nonpower 5s as quickly as possible  it appears.theres a lot of quality  being played at non p5.gregg marshall
 someone started a fire in my lungs and im choking on the smoke
 we blowing uppers round here yall getting sleepy when yall smoke im like a whats up with another 1 lol
 if a guy is so easily to say lets smoke and fuck cut that boy offffff man  how can you be so comfortable saying that 
 @jessicaesquire our premeds were mostly weeded out by notoriously difficult gen chem
 why has it been so hard to find someone to smoke a blunt with me really
 want a third gf. cant be into drama . smokes frequently . has to be chill and cute . no studs
 everyone calls weeden and glennon garbage the fuck are you talking about the day they signed glennon all of twit 
 @uhhmaryxo yeah it was supposed to be just a smoke night...until we stopped at pats lol
 live and in color from yhe geigle. hempfield and ryan with a trip to the eastern final on the line @llhoops 
 id rather give you my bitch then to let you breathe... on my last bit of indo smoke
 who trying to smoke when i get paid 
 if you smoke facing a wall does the smoke hit you back and then you smell like it
 ever been to texas sxswestin where you can smoke a zip like you cant get arrested 
 @lsuagcenter iberia cattle field day  60 producers amp a program on marketing shrink  ryegrass  weeds etc.
 @t0bybryant dabs are life homie  funny thing is i can tolerate dabs more easier than weed  i can barely snap a bowl 
 my friends are slowly poisoning me with secondhand smoke
 that video of a rabbi  a priest  and an atheist smoking weed together is an example that everyone should follow. smoke and accept eachother
 ima smoke these cops and this blunt
 @maxinewaters trumpcare uses smokenmirrors. preexist cond requires buying  riders most cant afford. dont want us to put 22 together.
 idk if i spend more money on weed or uber but i need both gone lmao
 i was surprised i remembered the lyrics for this weed is mine
 @thtexoticstoner bro me n bre jus calculated how much i spent on weed this week  wtf is wrong wit us
 mom got in the car and said it smelled like weed amp maybe someone around was smoking so i took that as my time to tell her truth
 toxicsucking industrial hemp might clean up contamination httpst.co895ky3ew5t  cannabiscup hemp 
 free smoke free smoke aye
 free smoke
 free smoke  @aek45
 free smoke free smoke
 ive been outside in my bath robe with over size pajamas  on my hammock smoking weed for the last 2 hours.
 i kinda wish they woulda ran free smoke back tbh haha
 listen to smoke it out featuring ghost. prod. by cmplx by dillon yarbrough|ote np on soundcloud 
 vaping  its marijuana out of a machine 
 free smoke
 yall get ready for errbody nd they mamas to start sayin free smoke lol
 @wackaroni how much weed do you need to smoke to get like this asking for a friend
 all i need are some wild adventures  cool friends and dope weed 
 never been this bored in my life atleast i get to smoke indoors
 well now that im off work early  time to wash the old mans car  then smoke  then change  party and sleep
 if cannabis becomes legal in maryland im going into that business
 might drive around my neighborhood just to hear free smoke in the whip
 he say he want smoke  i wanna fuck his sister 
 free smoke  free smoke ay free smoke  free smoke ay
 when that bass dropped on that free smoke 
 my joke turned to accidentally telling my mom about that time my little sister smuggled weed into mexico and now shes yelling at her 
 me and my bro swerving to free smoke
 free smoke free smoke att
 started smokin weed i been geeked ever since
 the security guard at our hotel thinks we asked him where to find weed and he just told me where to get it lmao
 my dad called me to stop smoking in the car so he can go over there and smoke out all his primos
 i smoked a blunt on my 10 hahaha
 i jus wanna smoke 
 free smoke is straight fire holy shit
 free smoke
 i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive lmaoooo. bro
 i just passed a guy on times square with a sign that said  need money for weed  bitches  and pizza...yall  this guy is goals
 i dont even smoke cigarettes but my hair always smells like it
 throwback to over a year ago when my grandma put weed on her fb bc she thought it was a pretty flower 
 i love  weed
 welp somebody broke into my car... and all they took was my weed 
 theres no such thing as smoked to much
 i act like im busy but all im really trying to do is smoke  eat pizza  cuddle and watch movies 247
 why is it necessary to smoke every 3 minutes
 i just need some weed rn
 who can i buy weed from in homestead reveal yourself
 i smoke blunts n rokk designer in all my piktures if ion like u its fukk u n whoever witkhu 
 feeling some type of way right now i just wanna smoke lol. but nah
 chevrolet camero extended version holy smoke  chevroletcamero 
 my only tattoo is a cannabis leaf over my heart. staylifted
 i wanna smoke
 renewing my weed license 
 new dish alert lightly smoked mackerel  bowfin caviar  field sorrel  cauliflower.  try this 
 i need someone to cuddle and smoke with on the beach
 free smoke  morelife
 free smoke free smoke
 cant have everything or free smoke might be my favorite on more life
 free smoke free smoke
 this what he do  eat em smoke 
 free smoke start off so smooth
 free smoke 
 .@chickenwing with 95.25 points on sweetpros bruiser. holy smokes. pbr
 i need to smoke blunts n do hw
 to smoke or not to smoke before a 3 hour drive  that is the question
 giggs kinda sound like he smokes 10 packs of cigarettes a day
 aint smoke all day..
 my tea tastes like weed and idk how i feel about this
 dont say you got the pressure all you gotta do is spark it  good weed sell it self you just gotta find the market.
 @ajdmaru hell might have gotten weed from him lmao
 i hate the smell of marijuana 
 say she only smoke socially thats cool boo but that dont go for me
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17n  hempstead avenue
 @naomiedith18 get up bitch we aint gotta go drink lets just go smoke a blunt
 ok but guys that smoke are fine af
 up from nap. time to smoke.
 anytime im in the car with my mom she sings along to any weed song  mijo echame la del afro
 that coffee and weed combo though
 @seanhannity we need a new fbi director who will reopen hrc email caseweinergate amp find what they are hiding w russia smokescreen
 wish i could live like @nattaliedean and leave school to smoke in the parking lot
 at only full public hearing on growing rules for ohio medical marijuana program.
 comeyhearing we will lock up a black child for selling weed  but a traitors r allowed 2 run this country amp his cronies r not in jail
 absolutely hate people that smell  smoke like cigarettes  . get away from me youre disgusting
 giving out free smoke tonight at the rec if anybody needs it 
 when you find weed in your grinder gtgt
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 816 montpelier street baltimore  
 this man said   dr. jekyll in my weed bitch i stay hyding it    coldest shit ive ever heard
 i made one tweet about a 420 blog and now all the weed accounts wanna follow me
 april 8th is our car show all info is in the pictures below  we will also have smoked bbq pork chips and a drink f 
 cuz if im at an outdoor function smoking is a must ..... i always be lurking for a smoke spot 
 anyone wanna smoke .
 free smoke free smoke
 i wanted to smoke but i cant find the lighter  i guess thats a sign 
 by god. our youth must be protected from the sight of fake smoke. even outdoors  fake smoke exposure is unacceptabl 
 so my neighbors below me smoke bruh was like smoke that shit i said i be smelling it he say you smoke i said yeah he say i gotcha later bet
 miss having someone to chismiar and smoke with 
 the wrong side of the issues  and they are winning while we battle with the smokescreen of russia. politics  not 
 @mgcluette @jessieepolk i bet u like free smoke too huh
 if you smoke cigarettes while youre pregnant youre probably a piece of shit
 @andymilonakis na  that means you can smoke x laced blunts
 i feel like ive listening to the same song since free smoke and im on song 8
 where there is smoke  there is fire. 
 if i seriously lost all my weed im going to flip my shit i swear to god
  holy smokes 
 my car smell like gas..   and im not talking about the kind you smoke 
 im always doing great shit  i just smoke too much to remember. 
 if she smokes  she pokes unlikelymotherlyadvice
 @mike07326254 @mannertanner7 your smoked man just drop the convo
 now kids are doing the weed drug because they say oh tom hanks did it in 1982 or whatever so it must be cool  mazes and monsters
 @lou dobbs until we weed out the rat leakers continual issues will plague us day in and out. they r public enemy no. 1. evil @devotedtrump
 can i walk on a board walk everyday and smoke joints . about to join the bum squad  
 when i tell you i love harlem just a few minutes ago someone was smoking weed in there  harlemigloo 
 final smoke of the night
 free smoke free smoke pharaoh @ kenner bra 
 can we start calling blunts weed pencils
 @donoharm the funny thing is weed is legal in cali where they were filming so if david was cheefin a joint he was excersizing his damn
 having a shit  smoke amp shower sesh right now
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1911 whistler avenue baltimore  send message. 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 i lit an incense in the house and my mom text me like can u please smoke ur weed in ur room like girl....
 @beaupinto he said its the intention  but then reaffirms we have committed to controlling amp regulating marijuana. intention vs committment
 my cheek is so swollen and im so hungry but cant eat or drink shit or even smoke literally fuck my life lol
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hughes  ar job
 @sirpatstew i would like to know what brand of cannabis ointment  spray  and chewy bar you use for your arthritis.
 i needa smoke a wood 
 tacosandhenny 3 tacos all night  weed  liquor. you missin it if you aint here tonight 
 marijuana essential oil diffuser for kitchen bedroom  car  bathroom aromatherapy pendant necklace jewelry cannabis 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 601699 north woodyear street baltimore  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1106 harlem avenue baltimore  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 729799 north carey street baltimore  
 he would not be allowed to smoke with me anymore 
 high as hell talking to the albemarle district court over a poss. of marijuana charge i got back in 14 them where you live me denver
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 901 washington blvd  send message. 
 when your bro say he gonna smoke you up...  me free smoke free smoke aye 
 free smoke free smoke
 a smoke shop in hurley we prevail.
 about to smoke some beef ribs for tomorrow  see you then smokering bbqribs beefribs 
 i just wanna cuddle with my girl friends  smoke a blunt  and drink wine all day
 a nice and kinda sunny smoke cigars olivia connecticut and some local sessions brew  
 sorry cant continue to follow when you keep posting some nasty ass syrup with soda to get high. mother fucker smoke some weed cut that shit
 all i do is smoke   work   sleep   amp eat ......
 every time i wana smoke ill do 20 pushups ampevery time i wana masturbate 15 sit ups that way by the end of the week ill be totally ripped
 i would like a weed bar at my wedding
 sooo is bacon like weed for dogs 
 i really found weed from like 3 years ago  lms if i should burn dat shit 
 i smoke so much weed  i forget the shits illegal
 all you do is drink  smoke and act bitter all the time geesh
 just a random new york city idgaf moment on the a train. she smoked the whole cigarette and once 
 free smoke
 i want to smoke a blunt
 avs fans can cry into their giant bowls of legal weed.
 have a girl a compliment and she asks if i got any free weed.. no hoe
  my dawg . you so funny man i havent smoked w u in forever. ill be at your crib tomorrow  see you there lmao
 probably the most number 1  topnotch stoner thing in the world to say   god dammit  i forgot my weed.
 lost  pusha man  favorite song  cocoa butter kisses  smoke again  chain smoker  the whole fuckin acid rap 
 @sahhreena probably you havent smoked yet
 @chiantifreemann wait a minute roll up the weed
 why do you smoke solely because i love the disgusting freezer burnt food flavor of burning tobacco. thats it
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
  free smoke 
 yup after i smoke my after school blunt  
 free smoke free smoke aye
 @thelcjuicyj id say that free smoke or gyalchester is my fave  theyre all so good
 @mmpconnection hey thank you for your show support of cannabis families everywhere and hello to your followers
 @amauryperez24 so far my favorites are teenage fever no long talk  sacrifices  passion fruit  free smoke  in no order
 bitch everyone smokes  no one cares you do.
 happy wing wednesday  4 local craft drafts  1.50full smoked wing   and live music with craig thurston from 5. 
 tbh hate it when ppl smoke and you can smell their aroma around you 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 ion really think these niggas want smoke
 ion got no smoke with dem 
 todays sandwich special is our version of a club sandwich using our in house smoked turkey.  pair it with a select 
 anyone want to take my pharm exam for me its in weed lecture hall 1 at 6 pm bring a pencil... thanks noquestions allanswers
 current weather in panama city smoke  81f 69 humidity  wind 7mph  pressure 1019mb
 why cant weed grow on trees
 allat allat but ian tryna smoke  
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation waldo  oh job
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 520 old orchard rd  send message. 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation arlington  tn
 listening to this girl behind me talking about her first time smoking weed in the parking lot 20 min ago.
 smoking weed for the first time b4 like 4pm in months rn
 good ol chip amp the weed selling baby rt @theb0snian imagine dave chappelle does killing them softly in 2017
 free smoke free smoke
 jason warf  southern colorado cannabis council 99 plant limit took effect in jan. we havent given that any time to see if its worked.
 governor @ginaraimondos statement on senate president paiva weed stepping down  leaving ga to head hospital assn o 
 saturday will make 30 days without weed or alcohol. its crazy that ive smoked every single day since my first day of college lol
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 when you got me from workand we took that smoke drive  
 watch the world go up in smoke
 my dads friends just called him and said  we got hella weed well be at your house in 5 what homies lol
 i miss jimmy smokes so much.
 free smoke free smoke
 hb1148 enroll registration of industrial hemp cultivators 
 i smell my weed lmfaoo wtf
 ion even smoke weed but the fact that drake say im blem 4real aka hes high or not sober makes me consider it 
 bust a nut   smoke a blunt now im rejuvenated 
 went to sv to get smoked out over 10g worth of wildness today. im toasted
 why do people smoke hookah  like 
 all cannabis everything 
 well talk marijuana legalization  healthcare  education  russia amp more.  @ abraham 
 ld1135 new an act to strengthen the efficacy of the medical marijuana laws 
 meanwhile we still getting weed passion in va i hate america 
 im strapped so anybody who got a problem wit me can pull up and get smoked and anybody who riding wit you fuck then too
 sheriff 2 pounds of marijuana found during traffic stop cc @heraldcourier @wcsovapio 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @realmuckmaker wall in the whitehouse amp all who enter. smoke out all who r dazed by shiny rubles @merileeeaton
 you dont need to walk the dog to smoke a dogwalker by @paulacigars @cigarchairman @puroscigarshop @paradigmpres 
 a friend with weed is a friend indeed
 someone in my finance class smells like straight weed
 always forget to smoke after the gym not before toohighforthis
 @donfazool @spearster55 @mernahuana i dont smoke that often p
 @kpshare still no to medical cannabis because the feds will lock up doctors. testosterone replacement therapy yes but it will cost you.
 happy national puppy day to smokey.  
 ..just wanted to show off my buns.  @ texas best smokehouse 
 beer  music  marijuana and a few good friends get me thru this life 
 the 5th edition of the state of legal marijuana markets is now available click to order the report  data cannabis
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation tunica  ms job
 how easy is it for your teen to get marijuana just how likely are they to use it the answers tonight on q13fox at 4amp5pm.
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 is smoke a solid collin ryan 2017
 he said he spent 30 000 on his daughters wedding . now shes about to spend another 30 000 on his other daughters weeding. wat
 current weather in hialeah smoke  74f 69 humidity  wind 14mph  pressure 1022mb
 i wanna smoke marijuana.
 @speakerboehner and @barackobama taking big drags on their smokes  raising their wine glasses and lafting @ @realdonaldtrump amp @speakerryan
 @iwontlikethis love your smokey and the bandit header. where did you find it ive seen it on tv but not the original one  was only 5 then
 one thing i will never understand is why people smoke cigarettes in their vehicles. literally that smell never go away 
 drinking a smoke bomb smoke ale by @bankbrewing @ copper room  
 holy smokes scandal
 @seanhannity do you smoke crack or just heroin what ever  it is you have proven that you are not fit to be a usa citizen. die muthafucka
 who wanna take me 2 get some moneygas in ur kar and we kan smoke
 i like it  rs have blown smoke for 8 yrs. trump was sent there to get something done. rs wanna play around  leave hc alone and move on.
 ready for the smoker upallnight porkbutt pulledpork setfree recordingweek 
 just wanna smoke and sleep
 free smoke free smoke free smoke
 had an annoying stressful long day so im going to smoke weed  do this shisiedo eye mask and maybe eat idk. this whole week is stress.
 if i was a millionaire  my whole front lawn would be made of weed.
 finna smoke myself to sleep.
 @zackweinstein incomplete analysis by left wing newspaper basically opining. where theres smoke theres fire. fps sampling is incomplete
 yo the song drake sampled at the beginning of free smoke is amazing building a ladder go listen to it 
 the ijustgotoffworkandits330ambutineedtoprepforbeertalktomorrow starter pack smoked cheddar amp 
 just smoked a blunt now jamming to this new kendrick  omw school
 dont even smoke but i need a b or 3
 still dont get how cigarettes are legal but weed isnt 
 @ransteez yo you still tryna smoke today
 i pray i can go to lil pump and smokepurpp tomorrow 
 what im hearing is the gop doesnt have the votes to pass acha but putting up a smoke screen that they do while they scramble.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 my teacher just told i need to stop smoking that reefer before class
 public hearings cannot debate pro or anti marijuana. its here. its our job to find a professional way to implement it  valdez says.
 lung cancer in not only a smokers disease know the subtle symptoms cancer 
 lets smoke that bihh  
 if you know me you know i always got the snacks lmao. chips  cookies  candy... i smoke too much to not be prepared
 i went from smoking the most fire weed in the us to smoking the worst
 my 16 year old brother i think legalizing marijuana is stupid   me 
 @justinfenton is there a huge fire in south baltimore seeing smoke from marc train in west baltimore.
 i came to the conclusion that i get over everything faster than my girl does cause i smoke and she doesnt  once im high  its all good
 do you ever hear those songs where youre like...... yep. this is a weed smokin song if i ever heard one
 hot fire hot honey buttermilk fried chicken sandwich  house made milk bun w smoked bacon  
 love the dipas  drinking an easter basket by @championbeer @ hittmanns bar amp smokehouse   
 repeal marijuana laws.  hear songs    video  
 babe hopped in the whip today and immediately said your car smells like weed 
 you gotta smoke before going to any type of function  party  anything thats meant to be fun. 
 if ur my friend ill help you with interior design at your place for exchange of wine amp weed
 sum1 pick me up amp lets smoke
 when aldon smith smith smokes you out once 
 mom my daughters arent big drinkers  theyre pot smokers
 shit was pose to drop in feb but had to weed out some weenies on the team sorry for the wait  
 new flavor alert social smoke cucumber chill photo credit @hookahnuckuh @  
 sure  i take more jack in my coke now. a little more high in my smoke now.
 currently drunk and i just want a friend to smoke w lin
 u r not awkward for smoking weed 
 my mama hate i smoke but i aint ever been a quitter.
 free smoke .
 noah to be suspended for testing positive for an overthecounter supplement  is that what they call weed now lol
 @barrytgraham @youngdems4trump @randpaul i have nothing against medical marijuana and it should be available for pe 
 catch me w a bitch she asian  chinese  blowin weed big trees im amazin aint neva had a job but a nigga got whole lotta paper
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation columbia  sc
 yall keep an eye out for my sanity... i believe ive lost it. i forgot what kinda stoges i smoked earlier smh good thing my aunt remembered.
 stop by smoke n bones today to buy some cheap merch to benefit it benevolent fund   in memory of stew robinson 
 see our latest athens  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 roll some weed and fuck this hennessy uup
 tinas coming out early today to shoot a short film called waiting for weed @ capitol hill 
 grateful to the @americaredcross  here in sa getting ready to train a volunteers and install smoke detectors in hom 
 political science the last generation with the right to smoke cigarettes lets have a little experiment with the pe 
 cant trust anyone who smokes from pipes sryy lol
 southern fried chicken n waffles with smoked apples and fresh whipped cream. brunch till 4pm every satsun. 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation springfield  oh
 was going to put myself 4th in line at this very busy express oil but kindly let the car w smoke billowing from hood pull in first.
 dont you just love seeing parents smoke while holding their young children
 fgl shouldve released smoke as a single. such a great song
 who tryna get that 1v1 action in basketball  im handing out free smoke today
 at least once a week i hear someones smoke detectors going off.
 i just finished weeds on netflix and im kinda sad im gonna miss that crazy ass white family
 holy smokes @shayes287 
 insidious destabilizing healthcare the last generation with a legal right to smoke a cigarette. thats not trumps 
 mellowing nicely  drinking an 17th anniversary bourbon barrel imperial smoked ale @ central coast brewing  
 why do people who are pregnant smoke and drink like they dont know the hazards 
 hella smokey.  drinking an el rey mexican imperial stout @ the westgate bourbon bar and taproom  
 i need a piata shaped like a nug of weed thatll drop prerolls and backwoods when it breaks for my birthday.
 give josh some weed  thats how to shut him down the whole season.  we dont need to deal with his bullshit 
 @realjohnlove i aint never smoked before im open to cigars doe  thats a brand id be on  im off bacardi tonight doe
 a serious weed man is such a blessing 
 whos tryina smoke
 just smoked for the first time in 7 months and im too lit.
 what smells about indianas vaping law could it be marijuana 
 my coworker and i are gonna be best friends bc she smokes and i do too  
 i find it odd how parents will allow their kids to drink alcohol which kills thousands every year and not smoke weed
 @jhaystrand damn ol barry looks like hes back on the weed as hes been spotted hang with snoop again
 dude a clown  how tf you come in the airport smelling like a pound thinking you finna get on the plane den you got weed in your bag
 believe it or not but im taking a smoke break.
 @420linksuk hey thank you so much for the follow hello to all your followers thank you for supporting cannabis families
 free smoke free smoke aye 
 600 breezy ate free smoke
 not too shabby. one more hour of smoke. pastrami manbque bbq foodporn cheflife 
 i got weed browniesssssss
 some guy at my work wanted coffee and i said are you using that as your pre workout and he said no i just smoke weed for that ok
 ooh united got smoked today with this lol. @delta would never  
 swear either my boss doesnt trip when i come to work smelling like weed either he doesnt care or he doesnt know what it smells like 
 dea classifications are a joke. the term synthetic marijuana is a lie. it has zero in common other than its smoked. 
 @jgoss1971 im a recreational pole smoker
 i just wanna get drunk  thats me and my sister favorite thing to do together since i dont smoke 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed..i said baby just buy dutches cause you cant smoke for free..
 i lost my weed last night so im pretty bummed about that..
 an furthermore susan  i wouldnt be the least bit surprised to learn that all four of them habitually smoke marijuana cigarettes  reefers
 north carolina state house pass nc house bill 185 medical marijuana  reduce opioid abuse in nc  save...  via @change
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i feel like some people sell weed just to say they do
 i just wanna get this smoke smell off me now 
 set off the smoke alarm while assembling a blue apron meal  a new cookingwithcarolyn low.
 hello im red plum hempz. 
 only if thats weed 
 drag them @usa  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 the legalization and federal taxing of marijuana would assist greatly in paying for a better health care plansystem than obama care.
 nyc pot factory goes up in smoke  fills street with marijuana smell  @mailonline
 free smoke free smoke aye
 this fool who watched the house this weekend when my family was gone really took a half gram of my weed stupid fuck didnt know i scale it
 i aint smoked in two weeks because of you.
 @kerothewolf tbh weed was too forgiving. houden had like  no intention to stop what he was doing. it was either kill him or let ohu die.
 i probably havent bought weed in about a month either tbh
 guys trying to talk to me i can out smoke you  me at this point ion even wanna test it i got my weed you got yours ima be high
 all i do is smoke and make hits imma bitch 
 so to @donqhbtl for showing love to day 1 and smokeout boyz ent  @chasetheartist of 
 holy smokes  @maureendowd would disappear if she wrote this in russia. she nails it. must read resist 
 former tcu quarterback trevone boykin arrested on suspicion of marijuana poss.  public intox. in crash dallas 
 im still in the holyfield serving angels holy smoke
 because of smokeys diva ass attention hog power play ass attitude towards any animal that isnt her.
 fuck pharmaceuticals  just smoke weed
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 theres nothing to me like ganja 
 all that damn smoke and no inhale  
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 i really need someone i can smoke with  eat  then lay up and kiss on ya 
 need some weed like now
 dreams do come true  uptown is getting a smokes @poutinerie    be still poutine northyork foodie 
 yall do realize niggas that sell weed do it for money... not to help yall broke ass get fat bags lmaoooo.
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 we deserve a smoke break
 i just smoke too much .. 
 @voxdotcom .................... kiwi     more like a ....... marijuana bud ......
 i wanna smoke an l and go to the movies tonight. 
 these bfl ass niggas dont want no smoke
 people that post pictures of them smoking weedcigs on every social media platform are the biggest headassses i know
 blue jays @sports net 590 pierce oh yes  smoke oh no
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke  free smoke cuba 
 you either smoke or get smoked whitemencantjump 
 drinking hot lemon and honey to sooth my throat so i dont sound like a 60 yr old smoker 
 if you smoke cigs dont talk to me   that shits nasty lmao
 youve hit a low when you actually smoke a game...
 free smoke
 @stlmelisanicole holy smoke  girl...you make an adult water park 4 the mind  amp i wont hesitate 2 say each curve ma 
 4yearold had marijuana  scales at school  deputies say 
 niggas be od on perks and xans. that shit wack. smoke a blunt and relax.
 sometimes i like to smoke by myself and find out were my mind is at
 people that smoke so much that theyre barely conscious gtgtgt i just knew i wunn gone make it back to the ave sunday 
 honey  ill smoke you til im dyin
 if you still think legal marijuana is a major threat to our society  you are truly adorable 
 you know where you dont get shot buying weed a legal dispensary. 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 niggas always do the most when you tryna relax and smoke
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 santa barbara county board of sups kick of hearing to adopt urgency ordinance amp adopt cannabis registry as first st 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1305 west lombard street baltimore  send message.
 @alexiscubillo i wanna smoke weed every day and im gonna
 budding marijuana industry has more female ceos than any other business in americabudding marijuana...  equalpayday
 yeah im both. yeah i had a drink and a smoke. you think i need you but i dont. both
 havent smoked weed in over a week. im getting dumb fried tomorrow
 @papanoir @tweetlikeagiri lmao you ignant ass nigga. weed tastes like heaven wrapped in a leaf of gold
 as @drake sings... smoking weed under star projectors i guess well never know what harvard gets us
 maybe thats why my dogs been so mellow lately... from smelling all of that marijuana smoke coming from the new neighbors.  coworker 
 overheardatbyu well they drink and smoke and have sex. basically they do everything wicked.
 im a expert drinker i think meettheexpert017 nrashow2017 nra chicago @ old crow smokehouse 
 im the type to mix all my different weeds together and die
 the fact that people deadass be cyphing in front of the school. like i be scared to just smoke inside a place where i can.
 make sure you capture a photo of our grilled cheese  smoked bacon amp tomato soup dumplings before everyone digs in 
 who else wants to get smoked in 8ball
 montreal smoked meat sandwich  dijon  rye @ vidalia  1964 w. lawrence...moist  just enough fat  delicious but a lit 
 so much 45 smoke... could it be russia 
 how many more men will i let smoke me up and fuck me before i realize im still empty and broken 
  i dont overly drink to get waisted   i dont smoke or do drugs  i respect my parents and honor everything they sacrificed for me
 all cause she roll my weed 
 not havin smoke is a sad thing
 @odvsodarius  only thing you couldve possibly bought was weed. and more bullshit.
 most of the speakers currently addressing council is supportive of marijuana businesses and cultivation.
 i just wish i had friends to smoke blunts with at 1am some nights
 i wanna be able to share weed  the shit i love  with a woman i love. thatd be dope
 need to smoke 
 probably never leave the weed alone 
 making sure homeless people dont smoke crack in underpasses 
 craving smoked salmon   poached eggs   hash amp potatoes 
 you smoke butane. fuck off.
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 found some bomb weed in my grinder from like 2 weeks ago
 im smelling a lot of smoke yall smell that   bloomberg steve bannon removed from national security council  
 only cute shorties get smoked out
 a harry potterthemed cocktail list featuring the ginny weedsley with rosemary and thyme
 see our latest chicago  il job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 nigga gone be the first to die from weed 
 @thesfglobe holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 ill pretty much smoke anywhere
 i need to smoke a blunt yo maybe even 3
 memo to ms. rice where this a smokescreen  there is a nolongerhidden fire.
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 every time i fucking smoke i get a nasty ass sore throat tf
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 701711 montpelier st  trash in ba 
 gsu dont want no smoke with us lmao
 update construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway 
 if i ever get this high someone please never let me smoke again 
 icymi coconut lemongrass cannabis soup on getfreshtoast and @erikajschultz  super tasty and 
 @nicoleisamom oh my god i was like how is your weed hurting you smh feel better soon
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1711 sexton street baltimore  send message. 
 dont take offense but  i wish i had more active friends. like i need more friends that have similar common interest aside from weed.
 i do other things besides work and drink at 8 in the morning. just not weedwack. peepkev 
 i needed this anyway  i havent left my place in a week. literally. like i have not even stepped outside except to smoke.
 i love smelling like weed
 drove around for nothing. i have nothing to smoke out of. didnt get what i was trying to fucking get
 just helped an elderly guy carry some beer out of a gas station and he got me a 6 pack and a pack of smokes.. gotta love senior citizens 
 do you just want to eat snacks and lay in bed and smoke a bowl and watch a movie yes aiden pls ask as if thats not what weve been doing
 @kevinhart4real just teach him how to find u weed like u did to that girl on conan. itll calm u down. 
 whats the stature of limitations on selling weed because i have a story to tell.
 @erniebreakfast smoke rings  because it comes after his fireballs.
  thats 100 dollaz stop playin wit me smokey  
 my mom was mocking what im gonna sound like and all its  mom im sorry im smoking weed im still a good kid amp she started cracking up
 could never smoke 
 damn it aint noooo smokes in gram
 the day i need a blunt the most  literally nobody wants to smoke with me 
 i always roll a joint and then smoke it an hour later smh i get so distracted lmao
 if you have no job  you cant afford to take out loans  smoke loud  or try an date bitches  get ya money right pussy.  lessonsformysons
 fuck them all     lets smoke purple gas.
 .@wickedrain11 this song reminds me of when you used to be able to smoke inside oleays
 god is great weed is good amen 2that shit
 i hope i smoke my way up to babylonhit the link in our bios np on spinrilla  soundcloud  
 chateau fuente sungrown. year after year  a dependable solid smoke. @afuentecigars cigars purocigar @cigarsmoke 
 this lady asked me do you have any lozenges  i have a cough and im thinking she talkin bout some kinda weed...
 wheres the party at after reefer madness 3 on saturday
 on weed and food amp take my ass on a vaca  
 see our latest evansville  in job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 smoking weed to migos its just me and mi amigos
 varsity softball team dont want this smoke 
 yeah nigga i rather you then me  im inna backseat smoking good weed . dolph
 who wants to smoke 
 smooth and smokey  drinking a sue by @yazoobrew @ gerst bavarian haus    photo
 i literally smoked 20 dutches back to back yesterday  i was so high oms i fell asleep amp just now waking up 
 the best friends are the ones you would rather smoke your tree with than without @biancaok love you 
 @solomonster you actually asked gene about the elusive smoker @ 92 rumble.  mystery solved.
 no body smokes everyday to be cute  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 402407 s madeira st  send message. 
 somebody pull up match me got like 3 different weeds on lol
 yk you need to chill out when smoking weed stresses you out
 fuck what yall talking about lud foe had good grades cause he used to sell his teacher weed lol
 super bowl  smoke  social sunday @6
 ill smoke when i want to  drink when i want to  and do what i want. i know you love me and care if im alive or not but you cant stop me.
 skipping this job interview to go smoke and eat tropical smoothie
 i aint smoked since sunday. thats how you know a nigga really sick asf
 i just wanna smoke amp a lip bet not touch my shit nor ask
 north carolina knows how to bbq   slow smoked brisket from treehouse whiskey and fork in 
 as us old timers would say  this place is the bees knees  bbq brisket @ midwood smokehouse 
 how you not gonna smoke those js all the way 
 all i need is a bad bitch amp buku weed .
 my rommate asked if i smoked or drink lol both
 working from home is fun but all i do is smoke weed and watch maury all day.
 everywhere i walk i smell the aroma of weed. this city is one big dispensary 
 @snoopdogg i just wanna smoke with you one time fam. i know you know we know we can make this happen
 loud smoke of that mary jane
 its henny and coke time happy thirsty thursday everyone got that fire pack come smoke with 
 waiting for my quarto friends  drinking a bourbon @ smoke shop bbq  @thesmokeshopbbq in cambridge  ma 
 listening to tb music  weed  everything
 live and direct.  talking about the new shit the tribe has coming. smoke with me sit back and enjoy.  
 i just smoked and put on a facial and i am so slumped now.
 my mom be wanting to smoke so bad lmao
 this lady called the police on her weedman cause he raised the gas prices bruh i read the dumbest shit 
 my nigga smoke so much i been forgot fam was on papers 
 imagine if chloe shows up in kingdom hearts 3 and asks sora if he wants some weed
 1 like  1 weed                      pyrocynical 
 amer univs arent instit of learning students smoke dope  drink  fornicate  destroy property  injure people in riots amp suck their thumbs
 im lowkey tryna smoke amp smash some food
 jessis weed smells like lemons and tastes like a breakfast sandwich im so done
 3 days without weed and all im doing is replacing it with pills smh
 ian a fan of females that smoke
 all my plugs are slumped and i just need some fucking weed 
 sloooww bouta smoke and sleep
 @alextumay u dont smoke
 a cop pulled me over because i ran a red light  he complimented my car and said i like the smell of weed  to and let me off with a warning 
 when marijuana comes up as a topic of discussion and everyone stares at you thinking you smoke 
 i smell like i got back from a bonfire since the smoker vent malfunctioned tonight at work
 couple of threes makeup for everybodys standing around. theres another bullshit call...gonna smoke a ref..whats the pt spread shady shit
 i rather smoke a blunt amp sit in the car with you 
 ive had the best conversations in a smoke sesh lol 
 yes real evoo doesnt smoke when you fry. almost a 400degree smoke point email us for details 
 today i purchased a coffin and i aint even die yet smoked about 100 blunts and i aint even high yet
 i dont blame you at all by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 south hempstead ny fri feb 3rd am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 mix the codeine wit the weed call it cosmo and wanda
 we cant smoke if you dont smoke woods
 @kellyannepolls youre constantly addressing irrelevant topics.  get to work and stop the smokescreen.  earn the income that im paying u.
 i aint smoked in so long  i think tuesday im going smoke anybody out
 bout to have a smoke session
 anyone thats available to go to alki  got two seats open. beer and weed less goo
 aint got no one to smoke one and pour with me..
 hash weed ampamp beers 
 from cold ass nights i was stinkin alone and my clothes ranked and they reeked of the dank ass weed from the blanks and the floor my nigga
 @scottfish24 well worth the extra coin imo. i like the taste difference much more. seems more smokey than the 8
 prohibition caused so much bootlegging and crime how does the government not realize the war on drugs is the same shit. weed isnt bad.
 only smoke pressure  
 when he asks wanna smoke @zorrbet11 
 this pretty girl that works at the smoke shop gt
 lets smoke 
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend
 i smell like weed amp i aint even smoke. im hella confused
 my fianc was just telling me about when she smoked weed she used to stash purse burgers
 what i smoked pig shoulder and head. firefirefire smokesmokesmoke buildingtheperfectmonster 
 whatever weed i was smoking lastnight im never smoking again  i was having an out of body experience 
 sauted my shrimp in cannabis butter and olive oil lmao lets see how this goes
 bout to smoke a good blunt 1st so this shit can be extra special  
 heres what it looks like when the cannabis industry is taken seriously. 
 ahaha this is @ohheylaura w the weed guy hehe 
 if i dont almost get to the point of almost autoerotic asphyxiate cus im coughing so hard  pls keep your weed away from me.
 incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2e  old country road to exit w3w  hempstead turnpike 
 i owe you my life and unlimited smoke outs and this dick
 my head is pounding. maybe ill smoke sumn
 after smokin the same weed for a min you gotta get some new shit  cuz it dont be gettin you high no more 
 of course she sees nothing wrong with smoking k2  when have u ever heard someone admit they smoke k2
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1201 sargeant street baltimore  t 
 guyzmake sure smoke plenty of loose realtobacco it triggers vapers liberals when find out it aint is it weed bs amp uptight judgypicky bit
 venison sausage. smoked cherry. kale. bread n butter sunchokes. parmesan  tubesteak zagat 
 @opieradio i just saw a video of blackberry smoke amp bobby weir doing mississippi halfstep  u have to ck it out man
 please be marijuana seeds. we can be best friends 
 when youre parents barrow youre car and hoping they dont find the weed and bottlegood thing i cleaned it last night too.
 who tryna smoke charlotte uncc
 u just wanna smoke w us 
 ill never understand why teenagers think its cute to smoke cigarettes.
 smoke some weed and shut the fuck up
 ....and dont forget the smoked bbq ribs truck tonight.  @wisebbq 58pm in front of  dicks 
 i dont even be high no more weed just make me not anxious and almost neurotypical.
 when you have weed with no wood
 smoked friends with weed
 when i smoke in my robe i feel like a bad bitch
 if you have to smoke or drink every time you are with your friends wyd
 all you gotta do is smoke the pain away
 some dumbass nigga just dropped his weed ..... mine now
 i grow weed to temporarily escape all the people i know 
 yea my jacket says marlboro doesnt mean i smoke em tho smh headass
 @callawaygolf @foresightsports @jasonfinleycg holy smokes batman. her first shot with the new epic sub zero compare 
 finished product  11lbs of smoked pulled pork. @ western branch  virginia 
 8 niggas hate me i sit back an smoke my 8th gram
 @sfjohnb @abc you people are lost in the smoke zone i hope if not you just full of use less hate
 my nigga @that1niggaa came out the blue with a blunt  quick hw smoke break ranchbrake insider 
 @allileighcb @adaramei @natuky85 @babespromo2 @boogie1969 @bmorehorny uh  does adara have weed in her bra lol
 this nigga steph smoked the game winning layup..
 i just ate a weed cookie 
 @wakeandbacon420 cannabis doesnt kill.
 arguably canada is the real leader in medical cannabis israel gives first green light to mmj for export 
 guess ill smoke mea blunt
 i havent had the desire to smoke a cigarette in 4 years. 4 different doctors have told me that vaping will not hur 
 pregaming @ smoke shop bbq in cambridge  ma  
 nice honey smoke flavor  drinking a double bastard ale with dark toasted oak 2012 at @stonebrewingco  
 next item for superbowl sunday smoked salmon first time trying this. brined  dried  now we smoke before 
 i just want to smoke and lay up right now lol.
 havent smoked in two weeks 
 lol quavo smoked em. shit was funny 
 i got the job and a 10 discount on legal weed.
 whos trying to smoke a super bowl today 
 @nfl show behind the scenes  dont forget all the cheating scandals. no smoke without a fire. thats the true ne amp brady story
 @divafoodies @hotsicilianchef @chefjernard @applewood smoked spare ribs  french dip  skirt steak crostini with bern 
 someone comeover and smoke with me
 need me a latina that can roll all my weed up
 my mom just asked me what the songs was that goes like said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed ...
 first @tayediggs follows me and then @thebostonpride ... holy smokes 
 these hoes still dont smoke for free 2017 
 a hobo just asked me if i wanted to buy some weed
 my nigga if you love music  movies  anime  or weed we already homies.
 happy super bowl sunday smokeshop mannyiriarte cigar thebestornothing billboard gentleman 
 @bkakma @jonmichaelolse1 @unirepublican yes  after the weeding comes composting
 also  martha stewart is making weed jokes on my tv with snoop dogg.  what is reality
 ready to smoke a super bowl  brothers 
 the smoked duck is amazing if i do say so myself. duck smoker bacon foodie superbowl @ 
 1110 pissed cause this hemp store was closed for super bowl but this wall was cute so have a photo 
 i just want someone i can chill n smoke with on any type of vibe
 wanna sleep but then wanna smoke
 then if you read the article it says the baby has received a tremendous amount of second hand smoke. naaa b lmao. 
 having no weed sucks 
 @ropemandopeman gone ahead and smoke a l
 is catnip weed for cats idgi
 @browncoatauror is there weed in them yn
 getting contact high from whoever is smoking marijuana down here on the 1st floor.....  bout to have an asthma attack
 gelato my backwood. she love to smoke good  
 meh then i just take a shot and smoke a bowl and say ah  fuck it
 @ryuzojin hi tony i like weed nice to meet you
 if ya smoke like i smoke then ya high like everyday nate dogg
 the weeknd really describes my life perfectly. just substitute the coke with cannabis lol
 someone to smoke with whenever and someone to get money with.. its not that  
 oh please  bring on the cheese  photo marussia mondaymotivation @ blue smoke 
 wish missy was home.. i need my ear smoked out 
 sure i take more jack in my coke now and a little more high in my smoke now 
 surly mole smoke now available on tap.  @surlybrewing beermenus
 always gotta tell auri i dont want no smoke... she be ready to fight 
 all we do is drank and smoke 
 holy smoke  thats my snake  days
 i still think about how i wish weeds ended better than it did
 @3mooch2 last night stole my voice... its gone. i sound like i smoke 10 packs a day..
 i smoke my weed and try to live as peacefully as possible
 @sarahhaak if u smoked 
 david is literally talking to us about weed in orgo lab
 started this morning off on day one of a kale juice diet... ended it with a whole rack of smoked ribs and 6 chocolate chip cookies.
 one of my cousins mad a comment about me getting the camaro and all my dad said was she doesnt smoke weed.......
 someone come smoke w me
  shorty traveled and smoked 
 ion even smoke but shittttttt
 hb2430 new marijuana health warnings 
 @shayathiadechel smh another rookie smoker 
 i mean i could walk to the gas station so i could smoke again 
 i need a smoke break after all this
 i found a bag of weed in chipotle and rolled the dice and smoked it. mystery weed. nicole stauffer is my fucking president.
 after i smoke this blunt girl im going to forget you.
 jesus @madflavor .. as much as @leesyatt likes weed and getting stoned. hes the biggest baby. gags  chokes  pukes over bowl  edibles  cmon
 the best cure for menstrual cramps is weed and masturbation.
 i need a smoke buddy that lives close 
 wont cant smoke till i find somethin to eat on
 baes birthdays next week and all hes getting is a weed cake  his foamposites  and me 
 @slootskie hurry up and get to pbg lol i need a new smoke buddy
 @americalost 67understand. he told us who he was. u guys just enjoy some1blowing smoke up ir ass like those used car dealers who love u
 all the cool kids smoke so its in front of the mexican place on 13th
 people who always want you smoke them up then you find out they matching other people  goofy
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1032 light street baltimore  send message. 
 7 common backyard weeds that are actually medicinal herbs in disguise  thanks @mariarodale realtor
 @potus @nationalsheriff @whitehouse  a lot of the police think that marijuana should be legal  they only do their job make it ez amp legal mmj
 happy smoked and the i  weed smoker it me 
 im the what kind of weed is this amp i  weed smoker lmao 
 new tech smell like old cigarette smoke
 @mommarocker im going to move to cuba. smoke cigars and drive around all day
 new flavors by @starbuzztobacco now available @hilifesmokeshop @ hilife smoke amp vapor shop 
 why does every single student at evergreen smoke and then take the elevator holy fuck
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 see our latest syracuse  ny job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 i just wanna smoke and have good sex. too much to ask for on this rainy tuesday evening 
 dont even try to talk to me if you smoke black amp milds. 
 @countyofla voted overwhelmingly in favor of legalizing cannabis. now we implement the will of the people. 
 everyone safe at house fire on daniel st erin...mostly smoke damage..no cause yet 
 like this tweet if youve ever done the weed 
 @laurajanegrace will u smoke a j with me im super fun and cool
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb at hempstead station 
 fresh off wrk about to smoke 
 check this out. stop smoking weed and see how many of your friends still hyu
 @aubsceneone @sableautumn u could see a fried birthday cake with hot sauce as the icing and autumn gonna love it. crazy she dont smoke frfr
 firing up the white oak in our smoker. oceanokitchen ok smoker ribs check or daily menu on gt 
 so @rstanley21 just set the smoke alarms off and set a pan on fire so theres that
 smokin weed to 70s music
 does anyone recognize this place its the bar in la la land. @ the smoke house restaurant 
 headed to vegas right now for a cannabis show in the morning timetogeteducated champslvtradeshow
 i smoked some fuckin gas today shit made me feel like i had baby lungs
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmuuuuu
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmjjjhtf
 free smoke  anyone want it they can get it no joke
 so im chillaxing on the spa deck and out pops this puff of smoke 
 @senwarren @senatorsessions as a jew and in in the name of dr. martin luther king  jr.   i pray for america to weed 
 @alllyg8r hahah that feels like freaking forever ago holy smokes
 im finna smoke take my meds and ko my ass is tired asf 
 you smoke katy you wouldnt be my client anyway 
 im fried right now this weed too fire lol
 this shit sounds smoke purpp as fuck
 also people always think im high amp its really annoying cuz i dont smoke weed. im just weird and my eyes are dry from my contacts
 how about my homies from corco come to coalinga amp well smoke 3 blunts amp then go get some tacos
 i need more down friends to go on smoke trips
 @notoenergyeast oh ya lol old white men making lawsrigid thinking  what r ya gonna do. ev1 knows its redic that alcohol legal  weed not.
 wasnt the song you put the lime in the coconut   2017 version you put the weed in the lime 
 @adam4bent @sellis1994 its has 3  hard seeds  if planted september hard seeds will germ in spring. trophy a will smoke it in corn season
 i love her like    weed....
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 @michaelcoren star 500th anniversary of reformation... uh  what day of the week was that  michael  battery low on your smoke detector
 i love waking up amp being able to smoke a blunt to start the day
 @nhprexchange  if marijuana was decriminalized  then the legislature would not be trying to make decisions about its effectiveness
 boston has better weed than jerseys  hands down  
 went from eating out all meals to only once a week  from spending 400wk on bud amp always needing to smoke to not buying amp being comfortable
 when your bf hides the weed from you so you cant smoke lt
 whoever broke into my car  stole the 2.50 in change and the .2 of weed that i had in the center console  i hope you needed it more than me
 what career path lets you smoke weed and drink coffee all day while making leftists cry   alex jones and joe rogan are the answer
 smells like smoke in wakefield 
 its like a mood that you smoke. @lucidmood introduces cannabis products for the rest of us. 
 smooth like  weedmuah  
 todays special our naked pulled pork sandwich 7oz of delicious slow smoked pork on a 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2807 west north avenue baltimore  send messag 
 @senatorann @repfreiberg  i support the proposed bill to legalize marijuana in mn. huge rural employment and tax revenue opportunity.
 that weed looks like hay  some gelato would have that stuck 
 interesting @freightfarms panel at sww17 including discussion of potential for the iot tech in legal marijuana mar 
 @shaqnorriss yes aderall and weed 
 would he let us buy pot on sundays  because planning ahead on saturday doesnt seem like a pot smokers usual skil 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 205 south regester street baltimore  
 fuck  bitch amp smoke  dart remixxx  newmusic wavy bangbang trill 
 when somebody say theyre coming to the smoke session with some gas and pull up with some regular 
 jus me myself my weed and my hoops  even better 
 that lifestyle more expensive than weed ugh
 when friends ask me if i wanna smoke i cry cause fuck yeahhh
 i know you guys are smoking  so just find somewhere else to smoke ok thank you officer will do
 relax and take notes  while i take tokes of the marijuana smoke 
 @drcmgreer on @allinwithchris were at the mercy of trumps whims  his tweets  his holy ineptness. hes lost. hes a ball in high weeds.
 @realdonaldtrump @potus now justice dept can start weeding out the ocrapo bunch jeff session as head can do it  drain the swamp
 itll take some berry cookies from @thegreendoorsf for me frassed  foh with that block weed 
 me when my friends offer to smoke me out 
 miss these guys  oysters with smoked mandarin orange @binchoyaki  . . . oysters sacramento 
 id done smoked i need a bar 
 i aint chilled with julius since last semester and this nigga called me at 7 in the mornin asking me to smoke with him ...so tempting 
 bxtch the first episode of season 7 of the walking dead they better smoke tf out of neagan.
 blowin smoke is now foa limited time  the malts smoked by @opsecbbq 
 i know. i smoked a j on the boulevard many times
 still dont smoke squares got a f in geometry
 is today smoke a cigarette  day legit saw more smokers on way to work than i can remember during any time since moving to wisconsin.
 i smoke to i smoke to calm nerves cuz i got beef 
 @realdonaldtrump   the donald again playing with smoke and mirrors let me lead everyone down the road of confusion
 1126 hempstead villa ln  houston  tx 77008  329 900 3 beds  3.5 baths 
 @grampysmokeswd seen it 1st hand at a care givers meeting in mass. another reason to be amazed with this plant. cannabiswellness
 this weather is not smoker friendly 
 is that smoke  
 crux cigars  tobaccogalore nowsmokeing trying it out who has smoked a crux @ tobacco 
 stop bragging about smoking weed to everyone you meet
 95 of all smokers start by 21. please ask your assembly member to raise tobacco age to 21i did  lifeiswhynj
 should you smoke weed while youre pregnant
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 ill give you as much weed and cereal as your heart desires to get a ticket needamiracle 
 @jensenhaley grow weed that is
 it may be shake but its some good fuckin weed tho
 if youre gonna smoke in the bathroom dont put your ashes in the floor
 im eating for once but it tastes like weed and cardboard so maybe not
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   baltimore  md job jobs
 our smoker is full of locally caught mullet get it every thursday for 8 with two sides crabbybillsirb irb 
 us customs officials value the shipmentataround 789 467  which is a very specific dollar amount for a bunch of weed disguised as limes.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 503 rose hill terrace baltimore  send message. 
 if you smoke weed youre not a good person. spread the news 
 the mens restroom in hertzer reeks of marijuana  so if youre in need of a good contact high  get it while its hot  keepitclassytu
 work expands for florida law firms on medical marijuana bandwagon  @akermanlaw @gtlaw 
 the cleanup begins @ south hempstead  new york 
 @allentruitt1 well hes totally against marijuana so i guess well have to wait and see.
 i smoke kush by myself  i get money by myself  i got bitches by myself and i make movies by myself 
 wen u smoke too much hay 
 i dont get why they made smoking 21  kids are smoking weed and dropping acid these days.
 you just smoked kid  
 the police pull me over like its weed on my lip
 purple roc or blue roc ima name my strain.. now u can smoke roc ina healthy way 
 why tf u hatin on  weed when ur 15 yr old ass was out gettin plastered lmao
 i mean i would peer pressure lamya to smoke today but ima let her be independent 
 showed me off like he shows off his weed
 @usashero6 @harlydogg @jackpmoore oh my god  seriously  smoke a joint. no one hates you because your gay. i dont know you to hate you.
 in high school teachers wouldnt even tell you if they smoked cigarettes  but in college professors are like yeah i did meth once nbd
 really just wanna go home and smoke and snuggle under my blankets forever
 this is perfect weather for lets have a fat smoke session at mikes
 happy birthday @megann9 dont smoke too much crack today
 @sportssturm my gfather smoked 3 pksday his whole life. died @ 86 from an intestine blocked by persimmon hulls. organicfoodkills
 i see clouds of the smoke  ima blow clouds of the smoke 
 i hate when mfers be in my face talking and they shit be smelling like weed and ass like g back up fr
 or you cool with the weed man  
 anyone in mount pleasant wanna smoke 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 816 carroll street baltimore  send message. 
 what if weed  just like  started falling from the sky gianna santillo
 @officialmshort @stevemartintogo stop by smokers paradise of clearwater for a great cigar from a huge fan while youre in clearwater. 
 @agjeffsession smoke a joint and chill boy. u and fakepresident r havin ur 15 mins. u will be flushed  erased.
 does anyone really think this is smokeable lmao 
 lets smoke herion and snort weed and inject some beers. 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhff
 when you walking down the strip and you hear an old lady yelling free weed
 i just smoked a blunt wit ya girl friend 
 @krislyssara cool that also helps me not smoke
 your mcm smokes dabs outta crackpipes
 happy cause im bout to smoke amp eat this edible 
 @breckbrew  mango mosaic  briquettessmokehouse @ briquettes smokehouse 
 i used to be nothing less than an 8th then i turned to nothing less than a half now i barley even smoke.
 my brother just told me he goes outside every time his gf takes a shower to smoke  he has a whole strategy.. its hilarious
 finna smoke these 4 blunts and call it a night
 liam smokes thru his nose and i still shared the stoog w him thats real friendship. boogers 
 the state of louisiana should be put on trail because they dont have an atv age law on the books. put that in your pipe and smoke it  ada
 id way way rather smoke an l and watch a movie than hold ya hair back while you vomit.. sorry
 wanna smoke this blunt to help relax 
 who trynna come over and smoke
 i havent smoked all day 
  top 10  trends over the past 24 hours   what is a pangolin  smokey robinson  myles garrett  2017211 0204 cst
 dating is awkward on the spiritual path  healing from cptsd path. like... i dont want to drink or smoke or have sex with you. strangers
 i just wanna smoke already 
 no more injecting marijuanas and alcohol at the same time.
 you cant make an omelette without breaking eggs  oregano  amp smoked tomato 
 when when we was posed to smoke lol @thcxlion
 @juggalotus209 first crush growin up erick... goddamn did you smoke urself dumb p
 @certifiedjarvy ran from that smoke in 2k this year tho 
 loud concerts probably damage hearing..fast food clogs arteries..alcohol damages your liver etc etc. smoke em if u 
 @debbybrown17 @flabornflaraise i think my hubby wants to lock me away i am complaining about my chair way too much lol. poor smokey tips it
 anybody want smoke cause im giving it out.
 yeah im both  yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked  you think i need you but i dont 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 @leseanthomas i smoked some skywalker og yesterday and i know how grandad felt now.
 @henryeckold im going to smoke meth. up the ante
 @fvmajor23 has me sounding like a 90 year old smoker 
 girls bkb great playoff tuneup tonight as class 5a no. 15 hempstead 146 visits 4a no. 7 western dubuque 191. tip in 12 minutes.
 omg  my fav weed man say he quit selling  whyyyyy ohh why
 how i get through many things. purging my thoughts  putting them on paper. weeding out the 
 seafood n a lil smoke i guess
 @ajemaineclement @highergtv @youtube perhaps mumsies needs a little cannabis marijuanaissaferthanalcohol 
 lets smoke 
 really day 2 in no more weed with my baby lol. we been doing good to no arguments 
 fist day in forever i aint got plans bout to sit in the bath and smoke a blunt
 sorry we dont serve jeremiah weed and water 
 im at the strand smokehouse  @strandsmoke in astoria  ny  
 @ellyndegenerate watch smokey and the bandit  youll have a whole new appreciation of the original
 my mom and her husband needa go tf home from this function so i can smoke
 omg where are the fucking weed man at is yall part time wtf dude 
 would i ever smoke kush yes
 smoking weed gives u schizophrenia i learned tonight
 wheres my weed @
 i need to smoke badly
 whenurfriendsmellsyourhair amp its filled w cubancigar smoke bc of him smh im still tryna 
 @mikeekhoury stroudsburgh lets smoke a blunt
 lyk at 13 i might of robbed you. at 18 id prolly wouldve fucked u.. at 23 id have sold u weed or addy..
 wish i had a weedman that delivers. guess i live too far.
 ill wake up an smoke before i wake up an eat lol
 rainy days are better with barbecue.  photo 78yahooo @ blue smoke 
 @sohcky find them and give them hug...tell them everything is going to be ok...or smoke them lol
 incident on i90nysthruway wb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 
 @alliegoertz and thats why i just walk under a weed whacker instead.
 same nigga lol  cuh weed eater came up missing 
 .@citizensfedup this socalledpresidential advisor is spewing smokemirrorswe arent falling for it.this dickhead 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 all of sudden it snows and no one got weed 
 im sooo excited to get my journal in the mail amp also kevin is giving me his old vape so i can not smoke 
 when the homie ask if im tryna get smoked out 
 im a motherfucking prophet  smoke a tree of knowledge
 kawhi smoked some weed before the game
 i smoke listening to blond i really be in my zone
 sum one smoke w meee
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 pulled up to the plug house to cop some smoke n found an 8th i bought yesterday. dont even remember lol i gotta stop drinking 
 my moms so tired of watching me suffer that shes now encouraging me to smoke weed 
 i cant wait to go home so i can smoke
 @notseanbuckley well no wonder they were out for 2 days  they just ate 225 worth of weed in a couple bites....... bc thats v possible
 i seriously need to smoke 
 i often forget that people my age actually smoke on purpose until i walk past some students smoking in a zone near a school building
 thank you @pennstatefball for teaching me sweet caroline  and chain smokers we were able to sing along
 i get mad when people smoke around babies
 wait   why do i smell weed in my room 
 i hate you. thanks for breaking my heart dick weed 
 if you aint matching me a half zip or better i dont think we can smoke together.
 i wanna smoke a blunt or six 
 update incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 39 i90  state...httpst.coqp6gtkl44k
 i just found these in my car but i dont even smoke marlboros 
 i just know girls that smoke cigarettes gotta have the worst smelling pussy ever  like nair on hair
 @austintemsey and im saying that the patriots are so good in skill positions and line that brandon weeden could be a successful qb
 hey @joshsteen tell me what you want to smell like bc we need more of the hemp wash anyway 
 so  @apsyoungms kicked my son out over some marijuana mess. parenting is tough lds 
 1000blk convention plz. @usbank  companies on scene investigating an odor of smoke. bldg evacuated. stlcity 
 mr krabs sound like he smoke cigarettes and drink beer 
 langford mayor upset over reopening of marijuana dispensary. story by @michaeldreid @timescolonist 
 sometimes i miss ya  then i smoke a blunt amp forget yaaa
 need stix. will smoke u up if u get me some
 would anyone smoke up mr smoke up
 ill never pay that much for weed.
 @neaaxo sis you smoke 
 got a chick i call her lola she feel like the ocean likes to drink and smoke some doja
 but at least i start my new job tmw .. i hope dey aint all jolly .. my ass is miserable  no dck n no connect to smoke.
 @tygerhernandez come 2 la idk where rogie is but make him buy you weed lol
 canelo was the b side against cotto what do u smoke pal i need some 
 im guessing @realdonaldtrump regretting attacking the cia these last 12 months. just a guess. the smoke is starting to billow....
 your mcm calls it a click and stole 20 out of your purse to buy weed.
 wanna smoke.... hate smoking by myself... still boutta roll up tho
 @aliciberry but also you could have said pot or weed and saved me some brain cells
 lets smoke on the beach
 yes  im a tad late but holy smokes...what a ku game literally  by 12 or so amp i told everyone at my bar its not over till its over
 its valentines day and i havent bought my self a gift . better go smoke my love
 @djtonypotsc mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @daslayer mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @kingluthemac mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @lashellal mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @bmyambition94 mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 this uber shit food and weed be breaking my pockets 
 shes smoke
  nothin like the smella hardwood smoke in the moarnin.  deliveries of 2lb. starting at 
 i need a girl to smoke with me rn
 im just gonna smoke and chill with my cats 
 im high af.  i wish i could smoke another blunt though 
 finna go smoke some coma
 cigarette smoke makes me want to be back in europe
 breakfast casserole for an army. 18 eggs  two pounds of hash browns  cheddar  maple wood smoked 
 been wanting to smoke a blunt all morning but the only rillo i got for some reason is a white owl white grape icanwait
 @luischiefs we need to smoke some asap and catch up so quick you can knock some sense into my dumb self
 happy valen...........nah f. that happy heart shape smoke bud day lol @ wakefield  
 @00exodus oh of course they are a social thing. and bongs get you higher than anything else weed wise
 were rocking some features today in honor of valentines day. smoked and deepfried ribs are 
 breaking news economic news today pineapples updue to smokeshows using them as hand bras in other news tacos ex 
 get you a friend that offers to smoke amp cook dinner for you when youre having a bad day 
 south hempstead ny tue feb 14th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 should make weed nuggets
 ima smoke way too much when i get home believe that
 should people lose their jobs over weed these folks say no way 
 if u dont know anything jus kno i got sum weed
 @bigdaddycooter you could roll 5 normal burners out that why all the extra and you already know that its gonna smoke terrible
 let my english homie copy my homework and they smoked me out for my birthday lit lit lit
 who yall think burned the smoke house down outsiderswgn
 these niggas dont wanna smoke they dont want no cancer 
 this saturday stonedpicassopopupshop at smokey shops in manassas va...we will have live art 
 rolls my moms burrito really well her did u learn this when u picked the grass out of the back yard to smoke it when u were 13
 mama didnt raise no quitter ill smoke the roach till it burns my lips
 got chocolates  weed  cuddles  and quality time w bae id say this is the best valentines yet 
 getting the whole school high by putting and burning weed in the air vents of the school. @ohwhome
 this weed taste like fruit  and now i want a green apple or like a pear shout out to all the pears
 if you dont love weed as much as me we wont work out 
 the only advice i give is to smoke or eat lol why am i like this
 @kenziepass comparing yourself to others sometimes guys have to find their way through the weeds to find a flower
 i wanna smoke but i only have this one gar im saving for the morning 
 no bae but i got weed 
 @hxmiedntplaydat triborg is my ish. i prefer the smoke variation.
 @jassy1 smoke weed that helps to
 wake up. smoke clip. eat bacon egg and cheese.
 construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road 
 if i ever make a strain of weed im calling it the hoes are laughing
 i let my tape rock til my tape pop smoking weed and bamboo sippin on private stock  
 topics of convo with a few of my students after class today included tinder  moonshine and weed  so yeah id say my semester is going well.
 guess ill smoke this blunt by myself
 my girl bought me a sack of weed  a grinder  and a bong for valentines day. keeper  am i right
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1025 brantley avenue baltimore  trash amp matresses.
 @silencedhippie just ordered the february glass essentials box from hemper cant wait to get itexcited o
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend 
 yesterdays eyeline can be todays smokey eye if you believe in yourself.
 im at legal weed in ellensburg  wa 
 soooo smoking weed isnt for me  thought it was a good idea.. till i realized i was high amp did not like it amp wanted it to go away lmao 
 who wants to smoke a blunt in delaware
 your thinking bout jacking me nigga your kidding me might get smoked like a ciggady a shot to his head he was left j f kennedy @bankriggidy
 when i smoke i hold the shit in for a lil second then blow out
 if theres smoke  theres fire. if so  the white house is about to burst into flames. trump holding a rally saturday in response. wtf
 cannot wait for recreational weed sales...black market dealers really losing their edge
 soon marijuana will be legalized 
 smh this girl in my math class said weed smells bad
 where are my sisters  why are they not indulging in my self pity as i smoke my cigarette
 found this new season  weeds. its pretty straight tho.
 i was just about to get my free apartment welfare check new furniture free ma heath card and my medical marijuana deported deportsobstory
 back then when i was terrible  i use to smoke a lot and feel melo but now when i smoke a lot i feel crazy and paranoid as fuck.
 gimme a bad bitch that can break my weed down and roll it
 and of the whole damn lot  the only friend ive got is a smoke and a cheap guitar. vivaterlingua
 tried it. i find it overrated  but thats cause it isnt for me.  id rather smoke a blunt  and i dont even smoke 
 anyone trying to kick it smoke and drink
 icymi  @thepaigelord   smoke brake prod. by @itsbdotmill34 mix @teetime317  via 
 nigga i aint get off til 7 something finna smoke right now ya heard me 
 this is commentary  not factbased news. triple check sources to weed out fake news disguised as real. 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 i hate living in a state where marijuana isnt legal..  chronic back pain isnt something to fuck with...
 im a weed head bitch i dont do crack 
 ok i never update names of people related to cases but this guys name sounds like weedman. its not spelled that way but yeah
 they picked some good looking bud  someone smokes on abc13 
 its like a real live jukebox over at @denvercenter with @motownmusical playing hits from diana ross  smokey robins 
 uk is a nonsmoking campus.... looks behind whitehall sees 15 people smoke cigs lolol 
 ya mcm smoke cigarettes and take showers once a week
 my diet recently has consisted of fruit and marijuana.
 can some one take to my job gotta talk to my manager and pick up my tips  ill smoke ya out or buy lunch
 nigga if tupac was alive he would slap you for all that weed you wasting  
 how about you help me not get arrested for weed anymore in nj 5 pointless arrests and jail ruined me  not 
 yeah  im both yeah  i had a drink  yeah  i smoked yeah  you think i need you  but i dont
 she dont smoke 
 you play ball  sell weed or you cookin dope
 too smokey for my tastes.  drinking a blue monk special reserve by @struise at @maxstaphouse   
 @gwenstefunnie @jazzieburr only if she had smoked salmon on the side 
 she said if you smell smoke amp hear alarms leave the building  obv. which is fine unless the alarms dont go off amp you dont smell smoke
 found a piece of weed in a customers xbox  
 bronksy 21 of fatalities in co mvas with marijuana on board gatheringeagles17 foamems
 i hate when i smell like weed and somebody has to say something about it. like okayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy idc i smoke soooo
 ima get off early so i can smoke before then i will just put my glasses on 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1101 carroll st  send message. 
 love this  cannabis yoga class for anxiety and stress   via @greenflwrmedia
 i havent smoked in a year lol
 mmmmm smokey.... mmm bacon... @odettecoleman craftbeer beer beerstagram beersofinstagram 
 coming over the bridge earlier and it looked like a movie  2 different burnings on the gulf breeze side in the bay and smoke coming from nas
 when you smoke a blunt before work  
 tillerson chopping heads at the state dept. like a weed whacker  love it
 when it is over 70 degrees in feb  the smoker is activated. 
 @wplglocal10 our  and nerves going up in literal smoke for the defense of a narcissistic chump and his moneyed goons in palm beach.
 aint put no smoke in the air all day 
 i miss smokey i miss smalls 
 you cant smell like weed if you smoke in the shower. 
 im just tryna get some weed
 i wish nearly all my friends didnt smoke cigarettes smh. i hate the smell
 alcohol  ive smoke before but it just aint me 
 should i smoke a cigarette in the rain
 all i smoke is killa  your bitch look like thriller gahdamn
 every body knows she only drinks alone amp she only smokes when she drinks
 holy smokes. osiella just killed lady gaga bestbandever osiella
 niggas get a gun  smoke a little weed and forget their still a bitch lmao
 police offer was blowing at the red light man  lmmaooo nothing but smoke came out the car when he let the window down
 this beat deserves hennessy  a bad bitch and a bag of weed the holy trinity
 @lilnickynick we have kids 8 9 10 years old growing up with a 45 in their hand selling drugs because pops is locked up over weed charges
 @realdonaldtrump how about everyone in all the questionable intel agencies get lie detector tests. weed out the criminals amp hire loyal peeps
 smoking marijuana cigarettes
 im so mad i cant smoke outside rn
 cops took all my weed 
 @aceeboogie liq is better you know i cant smoke 
 gonna smoke a few by the river
 trump says he wants us products made in the usa  his brands are made everywhere  but the usa.  its called blowing smoke up your ass.
 need to bark wit and smoke a blunt wit tahje 
 had to tell myself weed not that important almost went and bought a grinder lol
 someone tell kalie that the objective of a party is not to smoke 2 blunts and drink 3 gallons of alcohol within the first twenty minutes.
 wishing i could smoke to numb this hangover.  nwts
 my 21st birthday when i smoked 21 blunts gtgtgtgt
 funny how people used to talk shit bout people smoking weed but now they do it 
 long live the king @ wicked weed brewing 
 im not into your boyfriend  im just tryna buy his weed 
 ya dont smoke weed from the man  man
 an area where dedicated smokers smoke. @ afiniti 
 if i drink if i smoke i keep up with the guys
 and no i have never smokes crack lmao
 we believe in using quality ingredients.  take our vanilla hemp snackers  for example.  real 
 a fucking smoked old fashioned 
 chef cam making risotto to go with our smoked chicken.  @minichefmondays @gordonramsay masterchefjr 
 quick smokey eye put on black eye liner. cry. when youre drying your eyes with tissue it smudges into a cute and easy smokey eye. 
 free smoke it seems like 
 im hella laughing rn cause when victor and squad came to smoke with me and shawn hella heads came out his van  whole lil mexican family
 left my car unlocked last night and i got in it today and boys underwear were in it and it smelled like weed. thx
 when they smoke or drink ltltlt
 isaac judge @judgeike your 2017  152pound state title champion. a 70 shutout decision of no. 8 trey van weeden. iahswr
 who wants to come smoke amp watch a movie w me and kens
 yo ppl who smoke newports be smelling like wild shit  how u spreading cancer and being unhygienic af at the same
 my mom really just offered me some weed because im in pain 
 @alonlevy jp smokes like a chimney and mostly tobacco mariguana keeps mexicans healthier and that raw fishsoy protein is not healthy.
 waiting on the perfect moment to sneak to the whip and smoke this
 this is my first time that i smoked since summer 2014...........  jeez rach
 they gonna complain about your weed 
 cop some bag smoke some bag
 fancy new meat smokerturnedrestroom doors at the plant @ the plant 
 dad have you ever had the ribs i make on the smoker me no dad oh my youre gonna wanna divorce the rest of the world and stay here 4ever
 had to throw up while i was driving on the interstate so i grabbed a ziploc baggie and i threw up all in a bag of weed i hate myself
 @tariqjerrell wya lets smoke foo
 parsing the smoke and dangerous nonsense in a well written  blistering editorial by the @nytimes
 great weather for some smoke 
 picked up inventory at another location for my restaurant amp while the gm is putting boxes in my car  realized my weed is laying around fml 
 had a dream maddy stormed in my room at 130 in the morning yelling at me bc the whole building smelled like weed but that was real life.
 u already kno  imma smoker hate being sober 
 everything is gray  his hair  his smoke  his dreams...
 tea smoked maple leaf duck breast bourbon barrel soy glazed hakurei turnip  baby bok choi  okinawann sweet potato 
 i didnt smoke yesterday at all bouta be first blunt in over 24 hours. wow
 i think the marijuana leaf is the real four leaf clover  but with five leaves
 i love how weed is casually in there  
 my mom really texted me last night asking if we were out smoking weed.. just cause it was 12 and i was out like really
 happy birthday smokey robinson 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 101299 eareckson pl  trash dumpin 
 niggas was dabbin so much my brother wouldnt smoke weed no more lol
 i just want to smoke cigs and cry
 that feeling when you.grt your first smoke after a transatlantic flight...
 @joshl45 you smoke weed
 need to smoke
 no one is ever down to pull up and smoke 
 is that sandmans trailer from smokey and the bandit i love this show walkingdead @walkingdeadamc 
 @kattadelic ik but i dont know anyone i want to live w and i cant just ask a random if they smoke pot 
 our runtoquit instructor rhonda started ltr october currently in 5k next army half smoke free 4 mths 
 just got popped for a traffic violation illegally and now i have a weed ticket.   fighting this motherfucker in court.
 @kaseyjones800 at the bar so ima keep it brief but f1lthy  blackyouth  fki  demokratz  jaylen  dj patt  mike dean amp dj smokey come to mind
 14 hour smoked pork shoulder  pulled pork this week for 1 lb. @ westfield  indiana 
 night cap with the wife. tashab252 thanks for a great day bby @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  
 @papachano all u do is smoke 
 holy smokes 
 i dont see how yal smoke weed  that shit doesnt feel good at all to me
 free ebook on marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine 
 @malliardreport free ebook on marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine 
 soo brit wanted to smokeshe couldnt leave amp i was like bet but i had 2 go get it bc her plug didnt deliver so i 
 ppl threw oranges in the fire last night amp i was breathing in the smoke and i needed my inhaler but now my chest hurts so much so thx guys
 i shouldve smoked before class 
 if i didnt post the blunt on snap i aint really smoke it.
 niggas dont want to type of smoke unless its vaporized 
 @naughtybynatur @zolarmoon gimme 10 i smoke a l with you funny af 
 not only is the car ahead of me throwing their cigarettes out and hitting my car  i can even smell the smoke from the car. i hate you
 yall know they make weed pizza  lol wtf they really make weed out of everything
 road trip  @ smokey mountains  tn 
 higher than the ozone  let me smoke until i die
 the kings trading boogie is like trading j.cole to the young money for tyga  gudda gudda  lil twist  a gram of weed  and a cup of lean.
 finally got some weed down this bitch
 i wonder if im good enough but maybe ive just had too much to drink  to smoke  to swallow im drownin up my sorrows
 all i wanna do is go home  smoke  finish one of my assignments that due and go to sleep 
 @foxnews holy smokes  im flying cross country in 2wks. wonder what weirdness i will encounter
 negative affects of smoking marijuana you now have less marijuana.
 someone come smoke wme
 just want some friends to sit around w after work outside on the porch and chain smoke blunts and chug beers til the morn is that so hard
 big fun moderating the marijuana media panel @cannacon @mjventure @highergtv @getfreshtoast @nwleaf @mjheadlinenews 
 @badfellowsnh yeah this complex is full of middle aged people who smoke pot and post college kids who smoke pot
 already thinking about this j im about to smoke on the way home
 so  for the record  ive never done illicit or illegal drugs in my life  outside of 3 weed tries when i was 16. since then  100 clean. 14
 just bouta smoke somebody txt me
 about last night. goodtimes @ joes on weed st. 
 im done smoking nobody ask me to match or smoke cause i will say yes.
 gotta roll up outside cause my weed be reakin
 its the second.and last time i ever smoked hokkah. it sucks. how can even someone smoke it. fucking bullshit
 someone bring me a lighter amp ill smoke this blig w u
 do smoke detectors fritz out during daylight hours
 ion mind coming cross the way to smoke w my niggas. money n weed never a problem..plus weed a social drug why would u wanna smoke by
 i just need to smoke a blunt and go to sleep
 @jeffrueter @fiftyfiveone cant wait for the smoke to clear from this one.
 smoke alotta weed to keep them bitches off my mind ...
 csually sitting next to two pounds of weed
 listen to smoke on outro by 6fo93 np on soundcloud 
 im wide awake which means i havent smoked enough
 smells like someone smoked a joint on this    at @septa trevose station in trevose  pa 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 20 n calhoun st  big pile of trash. 
 ill smoke yo broke ass nigga bitch 
 who gonna help me smoke dis weed
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at se 9th ave  se lexington st  portland  or portland fire rp17000015403 0718 pdx911
 that good weed smoke make the bullshit goo awaaayyyy
 almost to 81. stopped for coffee  a smoke  and to take a leak. making good time so far.
 i know chicken chalupas are expensive  but holy smokes 6 for 1 thats just absurd 
 seen my weedman. fuck that nigga lol
 smoke a lot of weed but her shit together .
 @narziienarz you know i cant smoke
 i deserve a day where i just smoke amp  stay in bed amp not do shit  absolutely nothing.
 inside the great smokey mountain ferriswheel @ the island in pigeon forge 
 we need a smoke session  
 @queenoverlord dont settle for terrible music while rolling the weed  check this song out 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 @cselley @davidreevely smoked salmon and cream cheese  ya pillock
 i used to get high off music before i smoked.
 i like sleepy girls that smoke and listen to kid cudi
 all i need is my weed and music and ill be straight
 @loveetaaati can i see you smoke
 in the mood to smoke a blunt
 senator anna wishart has joined the panel and is currently working on a medical cannabis bill for the nebraska legislature. @nebraskaanna
 my dad gave me a big bag of weed he got for free im going to make hash oil with it just started grinding it and someone in telepathy said
 its weed cat 
 saying man on the hall after 6pm is very crucial ladies  i dont want no smoke
 dont smell as much weed at shows as i used to
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 having no one to smoke w atm sucks
 bitches be so rich til its time to smoke.
 watching sdlive and becky lynch entrance song is the barracuda goal song and was thinking whew is the smoke when we score sjbarracuda
 is it true...more cops than constituents how are you working to protect the smokeys @marshablackburn @altusfws 
 @fuckasocial i dont smoke 
 @whorablejonah i could say i dont smoke because i dont  not even every once in a while. just say you smoke occasionally for fun wth 
 i dont think theres ever been a day findley didnt smell like weed
 i will not be able to date a guy if he cant smoke as much as me or even more than i can
 i finally got my own lil smoke spot 
 i spend way too much money on weed  milds  rellos its getting ridiculous.
 wanna smoke again ... dnt feel lik rolling
 @hxranslatte the weed has been smoken... 
 if your car is puffing out a shit load of smoke  you probably shouldnt be driving it 
 i spend way to much money on weed i need to stop smoking man
 alcohol ignites violence. cannabis quells violence to animals and other family members. 
 im low key starting to hate niggas that smoke all day and dont do shit with they life
 4th day and havent smoked.
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   elizabethtown  ky
 smokin weed all day  in beverly i stay
 @radiomattrick smoke on da water this mornin 
 medical marijuana commission approves final rules  but who ensures patient safety  arpx mmot arnews
 im sore as a bitch  this cross fit session later gon smoke me
 braised short rib cappelletti with smoked dates  bleu benedictin and vin cotto.  ontonight 
 i either smell heavy weed or a skunk very close by
 also said smoke so much that smokey the bear   have to bear with us. 
 it would be dope if i could smoke without turning into a vegetable
 tellasadstoryin3words out of weed 
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 im at ivy city smokehouse in washington  dc  
 @thinkprogress why have i never heard of these magical bales of marijuana man  this war on drugs ruins everything.
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   bolivar  tn
 this for the people that smoke drugs everyday   fuck what they say   let the pain go away 
 i wanna smoke but wife wanna go get margaritas 
 this really hot boy in my sociology class reeks of weed. i love it.
 pro tip guys in bedazzled tapout shirts that wear hemp necklaces dont pay child support
 this cm ep is in atlanta and the equivalent to finding a needle in a haystack here would be finding a weed man at 5points
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 703 denison street baltimore  tra 
 hb100 engross relative to the definition and use of toy smoke devices. 
 and smoke a blunt w me. thanks.
 i havent smoked in a minute i rolled me one for some reason manman on my mind so hard
 my mom just told me that i should stop smoking weed if i want to lose weight
 gotta love reva shes devoted to the people of 8thdistrict 55 smoke detectors 
 even when i get off probation i got no desire to smoke weed that shit mighty overrated to me where da 10s 15s 30s
 my fatherinlaw made smoked cheese. im happy gob 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 901909 eastern ave  pile of wood. 
 might have to put my weedman down as executive producer for this new ep
 son i couldnt find me weed
 almos a day away from the most anticipated party hoe get that weave ya weed ya nails ya fit ya liquor bt leave the drama bigassmardigras2
 all i want 2 do is smoke but im tryna work on my health so lol
 it is strange that they call marijuana weed because it is often grown in highly controlled conditions with intent and purpose
 srsly wanna drop out of school to go be go go dancer and work at a weed dispensary somewhere n o t  h e r e
 @jewishcleveland proposed white house weed out hate event with mike pence today in st. louis and gave him yarmulke  
 @jasonstapleton ...what are ur thoughts on making a minimal investment in cannabis stocks now that they are available. and yes i dont use.
 @zachgetchius why would you smoke sushi
 i only smoke to listen to music and eat tbh
 theres a chemical in weed called fuck it kattwilliams 
 tonight vip private fisherislandmiami poulet rouge sous vide  smoked potato pure  morels  
 wine  amp weed  justus 
 sadly  everyone knew this was coming. all rs are on board based on their votes. there was not any smoke amp mirrors. 
 fuck yall ill smoke alone then 
 i know you dont smoke weed but imma get you high today
 black lights and gun smoke is a hit
 free smoke 
 is theres any plug the sale weed on the westside
 we have the famous smoked wings 
 who the hell would want to associate their brand with a dumpster fire of a system maybe kidde smoke detector metro 
 wanted agronomic weed scientist at the @ufifaswfrec. interested 
 im going to smoke the fattest blunt when i hit my 30 days im so pumped
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 700 washington blvd  . 
 i love when its a good day outside and you can smell the marijuana smoke in the air 
 if i smoke dis blunt girl ima forget you.
 sounds like attorney general office will enforce recreational marijuana law and order
 sean spicer states could see greater enforcement of federal law against marijuana 
 @americaduped if cannabis is really illegal the constitution isnt worth the hemp it was written on  i agree
 national chili day and the countdown to the masters just got heated. 999 hours till drives will be smoked at augusta national 
 granny quit smoking cold turkey and shes smoked for 30 yrs
 @iamkeeferz fuck spicy. the gop cant be both the states rights party and the anti states who legalized weed party
  white house sees greater enforcement on recreational marijuana
 proud to be @bshurleys first follower. now to get him to smoke his first cigar...
 its a league game  smokey. mark it zero. . . . keepexploring moodygrams fujiframez 
 florida begins process of issuing medical marijuana id cards 
 someone come smoke this blunt wit me
 lol people who smoke weed are the least of your worries 
 way to correlate the recreation marijuana to the opioid epidemic  spicey. 
 dear dumb ass stoned af sexistass weird gary johnson voters  theyre coming for your weed you idiots what did you think would happen
 current wh priorities bathroom use  private forprofit prisons  cracking down on weed.
 i dont consider weed a drug...drugs are badweed is good 
 @govgaryjohnson would be smoking weed with us. being like oprah you get weed  you eat weed  everyone gets weed 
 someone come smoke with meeee 
 @lmildwater @tedsmarijuana weed stirs more comments than politics. some comments are good.
 this is what happens when stoners quit weed i want a burrito i want weed buzzfeedblue  via 
 does a new study prove smoked marijuana is harmful  via @marijuanatimesx
 @wizdonnnn hey man  i just smoke weed  also  isnt that a bitmoji
 good weed got me talking about dieties  aphrodite  sucker for good lighting and good hand writing
 @courtneygold95 what is marijuana 
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend
 dear @potus  i support changing medical marijuana from class 1 to class 3  so research can accelerate  and patients who need it can get it.
 just sad about all the weed wasted 
 law of the universe people who smoke a lot of weed will enjoy naruto.
 wanna smoke tbh
 another sleepless night   might as well smoke 
 why are we putting weed dealers and mostly innocent people in prison and not going after the crazys and rapists. me no understand
 we dont smoke swishers 
 anyone with respiratory problems in metrotown area  close your windows. smoke is bad definite eyelung irritation. 
 @nbc4i i would love to see a standoff at the marijuana money houses in colorado between dispensary securityexblackwatersealand dea.
 trump on trans the president maintains this is a states rights issue. trump on recreational weed the feds will 
 swallowed the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 wtf did homegirl smoke or take this morning  shes on some other shit right now @bmsderek @bmsbilly @bmsnard
 you dont want no smoke 
 @realdonaldtrump  why are you cracking down on marijuana. people like it and you supposed to give the power back to the people
 the worst thing to do is personify someone  and judge them negatively just because they smoke weed
 @mellytheboss if u would hop inna session or match youd frickin know i smoke again i be out here off the dope all day now smh
 currently stranded in my parking spot because i cant get out or ill smoke 3 vehicles if i just attempt.
 i havent smoked a blunt in a week and 3 days this is a recorddd
 i keep weed  lol..
 rick ross music be making me want to smoke
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   coldwater  ms
 im a hell of a smoker and a bit of a drinker
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1203 riggs avenue baltimore  
 i be smoking rapper weed wit my gang
 one time in middle school i smoked a pack of camels in my french teachers porta classroom and got suspended. 
 best way to end the hate if youre president trump  executive order to make weed and original 4 lokos legal again.   america happy again
 how many overnight dope boys we gonna have when this 4oz weed law passes in harris county
 @simplysylviaaa smoke instead
 the only other person on pier 45 is a guy smoking weed and singing kelly price really loud
 @realdonaldtrump i hope the spicer news conference claiming marijuana amp opioids are similar is fake news. if not spicer is an ignoramous
 people really be living their lives with weed to smoke but no money to spend
 the moment youve waiting for herbavore smoke n eats presents open poetry night  
 bitch i need to smoke
 @jxmmi do you smoke pot
 girls night buffalo style weed  wine  wings  pizza  and gossip.
 kinda wanna go to brockport  kinda wanna stay in my dorm nd smoke  kinda wanna go to the 90s party  kinda wanna see kass and mandaidk
 starting my day off with some smoke rn. 
 backwoods are so gross to me  like if i wanted to taste stale booty cheeks when i smoke i would just smoke a straight up rello.
 @weedspost weed ssd has taken my pain to a diff level n most judge me jealous im happy ty darlin nice job u glowin
 mosh pits and heavy smoke
 how do you pregame for a justin bieber concert  idk smoke a couple of joints
 cant wait to smoke a cigarette in new york city
 got daep for having texts about weed on my phone  45 days 
 this is why the legalization of marijuana worries me just a bit. @ german village 
 my coworker found weed and he told me to smell it  he was like  es koosh
 the weeds won this round but the weedwacker prevailed in the end. backyard yardwork pnw @ 
 when it smells like weed in starbucks and valerie amp i look like this 
 i love weed. especially weed i dnt have to pay for. boo thang so clutch 
 @jgillannews3lv @news3lv @rjc presented @vp weed out hate inscribed yarmulke at stl cemetery 
 i dont smoke crack motha fucka i sell it
 @realdonaldtrump  trump gearing up new war on weed  youtube 
 wanna smoke a bowl then sleep
 dear 7th floor  if you could turn your smoke alarm off thatd be great.
 if i ever smoke with you and you have a dime im leaving 
 @gregmexico909 as a working citizen who pays taxes   shouldnt o have tge right to smoke  weed recreational
 so what we get drunk so what we smoke weed were just having fun we dont care who sees
 @reckleznebula your smoked
 how this bitch broke   pregnant and smokes all the weed her baby pop gives her to sell 
 s04708 new relates to criminal possession of marihuana in the fifth degree removes public view provision. 
 @bubblesnbooze smoke a blunt by a tree
 mexican dude on my team said he smoke weed. blood hit my blunt 1 time and was like no mas and left our room 
 whos up n tryna smoke
 smoke weed  everyday  payton mccauley 
 the white house said it will be cracking down on recreational marijuana use. if i knew how to go about buying marijuana id be outraged.
 you know  they say that medical marijuana is great for a variety of eye maladies. poodles wvpol 
 you have me addicted like hennessy  addicted like weed 
 i thought i might need to caption this floating smoke kitten gif.  but kudos. you know cleansing energy when you see it. 
 i need girl friends for real lol. a bitch just wants to go grocery shopping amp smoke a backwood
 you cant buy shit round this time mfs be like he must be got his tax money.. got damn its only a bag of weed
 all this good weed that im puffin got me feelin like there aint a place i cant go  aint a thing i wont do
 i knew it could only be @itsmarci to have weed all down my tl 
 i swear if she comes back smelling like weed ima pop off
 she just said you wanna get to know me kill me and then smoke me out the next morning... thats how you get to know me... lmfao
 liesteenstelltheirparents the car does not smell like weed.
 him want to do my show about regrets me i regret nothing him werent you a magicians assistant last year me disappears in smokebomb
 when you go somewhere so fresh  so clean  and smelling good then someone smokes 
 long live smoke i miss tf outta cuz man
 i need weed nola
 @opuap smoke cannot be contained by a cage. everyone will feel and smell whats coming out.
 im addicted to pussy money weed and alcohol 
 ion want no negativity inna air i just want og smoke inna air
 drinking a smoke on the porter by @banditbrewery at @banditbrewery  
 nobody in br with weed
 thats the 64 000 health q liquor corps fears consumers will cut down on drinking and start using marijuana more 
 how yall gonna be that careless to make our whole store smell like weed
 all that money and he can put new batteries in the smoke alarm  
 smokin everything today @ stevie wonders smoke pit 
 girl same   cant even purchase some damn weed from someone without them catching feelings... smh 
 other than go to school   all i do is smoke   vibe to music   read and sleep. after i get this job ill be set and m.i.a
 if i were a chicken wing  id be smoked  @lozano96ryan
 the garden plays smoke on the water and white people are jumping up and down.
 who wants to smoke
 @matthanks1       i dont smoke.
 pretty sure ive weeded all conservative trash from all my social media by now but i made 1 last fuck trump facebook post just to be sure
 lol ok now time to smoke a blunt since i waited all day for nothing
 only niggaz with no job still smoke reggie in 2017
 playin with the smoke 
 my cousin came into the taco shop smelling like marijuana .
 late night smoke sessions gt
 i just wanna smoke and this nigga talking about some cuddle tf  do i look like 
 someone come help me smoke my weed
 mad i cant smoke type shit
 redflag fire danger is the real deal this is why you smelled smoke in north macon saturday. @gatrees fought 
 like where tf is my motha fucking weed i brought yesterday.
 listen to smoke breakskit by greenvibes np on soundcloud 
 im 100 certain the dude i marry will smoke cigarettes like if hes a true balkan man he will amp i dont want any less than a real balkanac
 @monoxide420life @dizzlette you wont keep that mind positive and just be very very subtle bout the weed its not even that harmful rly..
 is pot worse than alcohol is it better to deal with a pothead or a drunk legal weed grown by us farmers amp not smuggled in from mexico
 the unicorns spine of gold rapunzels hair falling from the smokestacks
 toddy w hemp milk amp baked cheese amp brenna ftw 
 daddid you hear about bk in epping selling weed all you had to do was ask for crispy fries in the drive thru...deadd
 last night i smoked with my coworker and she was hella chill then she told me her bday was next week too no wonder lol pisces things
 new smoke spot 
 mini garrision amp chris brunching twins preshow oscars lunchdate @ the smoke house restaurant 
 i feel like i smoke waaayyy too much to be a girl  im always high
 i love all animals  more then i love most humans. but this dog that my next door neighbor got has to go. im bout to smoke that lil nigga
 i smoke so much the ashes starting to burn on me
 a female who smokes od is so  in my opinion 
 eat pussy smoke weed
 @dpradphotos lol youre disrespectful for blowing that smoke on the back of his head
 i dont even smoke but that kb from last night had me high aal@
 i smoke as much as @wizkhalifa dis shit crazy 
 rachel shilling for liberate physicians centers trying to get your medical marijuana card   
 i wanna smoke so much the ash fall on me  lmao
 boy smoking weed  took some trains and drinking henny and coke im definitely sleeping out tonight lmao i can not deal 
 who tryna link and smoke some dope
 in 10th grade i got 2 saturday schools for driving to school w a permit and they searched my car amp found weed in i 
 nothing to do  except smoke and drive twenty in your pocket  million on your mind
 about to smoke my feelings away  nun new
 i been smoking weed before the 5th grade .. its a mans world bitch stay in your place 
 @benthompson maybe they should go retro with smoke signals....
 bro i havent smoked in almost 3 months ampamp i just hit the blunt  just one hit... now i feel so bad bc i missed it 
 u dont even smoke 
 i just wanna smoke a bleez in the bath right nowwwww uu dig
 sos i need to smoke .
 quitting is going well tried to smoke a cigarette this morning and immediately put it out. so hoping no more today wannabequitter
 cigarette smoke. 
 @niiyouth lmao i remember when we got those beanies from bc smoke shop you still got it
 all neffs smoke weed  its great
 how do people smoke with no music shit is madness to me 
 i jus smoked a blunt w. yo girlfriend 
 fortunate to have been in israel as this was happening. humbling and exciting to witness progress cannabis movement making around the globe.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1284 bernard dr  send message. 
 @jasoninthehouse what about the va what about all the vets who cant get the jobs they wouldve dont blow smoke  doyourjob 
 @padraigmaca @phillydesign when chefs smoke  its harder to taste the food...
 you still a hoe   a hoe with boo boo weed 
 anyone want to go get some ramen and smoke a few blunts 
 sitting outside dodge crying into my sunglasses watching well dressed grad students smoke cigarettes this is not my best life
 smoking weed hasnt been found to cause any birth defects. someone women are told to smoke weed during pregnancy to 
 u dont smoke like us. stop it.
 i cant wait to smoke a full cigarette. 
 imatthatage when youd like to see if cannabis can help improve your quality of life if so  we can help. 
 bout to smoke a big one
 leland guide to flying with reefer  1. dont  
 i be having too much weed for my own good 
 the weed store keeps texting me
 do you really think i easily bruise or do you have a smoke that could borrow i just want to spend some with you or you could beat me up
 people that smoke cigarettes make me sick to my stomach. like you honestly make me wanna throw up  it is so disgusting
 if you smoke amp dont drink water on a regular  you dont love yourself.
 its not easy to weed out the roots you planted in me.
 whos tryna smoke 
 girls hate hearing you smoke cigarettes like you asked them. mind your business
 whos tryna smoke 
 sleepover smoke session movie night
 yay for throwing 3 pounds of weed away.
 im good at smoking weed and being a sad bitch
 lmao anthony told me i made him drop his weed because i didnt come and see him today  but hes back in the chi i 
 less stress  more weed please.
 these niggas said they would smoke backwoods over clear papers.... idk how to react to that
 they was just vibing have a smoke session 
 aint no nigga huffing on a marlboro gon tell me you shouldnt smoke haha
 girls think a dude smoking weed drinking amp laying around doing nothing but going 2 the studio 2 cheat is desirable u paying all the bills
 idk if its me or the weed but i really want a onesie for my birthday omg
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @143zmh11111 i gotchu fam just send some weed back and my nigga marrea too. he bouta be out there again lol
 @ikwerreman if u agree with carson its not pammy..dat na breakfast weed
 nutmilk 37 soaked brazilnutsampcashews. sunflowerseed meal. hemplt3s. peanut amp sesame butters. pepitas. maple syrup. 
 man i had a dream i smoked. i miss getting high
 let your smoke or vapour signals move the wind
 @adlnational prayers and solidarity sent. not our america and we will weed this evil out.
 @tyriellefoucha but we not looking for that from them that is the problem we relate smoke  vent  play the game...yall dont want do that
 @yvonnbon honestly im trying to get out there before the sunrises so i can smoke a bowl and watch the sun come up.
 lets tax some weed 420 ivoted nobannowallnoraidsnobuttholes @ venice beach lifeguard tower 
 friday we will meet again marijuana 
 .@knoxvillefire working a house fire off golf club rd in west knoxville right now  very strong smell of smoke in t 
 if you think its cool to talk about how much weed you smoke and how many boys you fuck its not so stop youahoe
 im a smoker  fredo a drinker
 medical marijuana may soon be growing at an empty building in east stroudsburg. detailslive@5 @brcnews13 
 someone sell me some dank ass weed in the 85132 lmaoooo
 @gakpdx hes growing like a weed
 my girlfriend just left me to smoke w my mom 
 all i ever wanna do when im home is sit in my car and smoke lol
 this. is. so. accurate. especially the smokey eye part. 
 pa auditor general eugene depasquale projects 200 million in revenue a year if marijuana is taxed.   imagine what good that  could do...
 i hate a bit that cute amp smoke cigarettes . now life gotta be hard af smoking them shits 
 somebody pull up on me smoke some
 shrimp was good  smoke session ina few 
 the smoke is all from the libertards who are smoking cause president donald trump just burnt all your asses. you al 
 with weed 
 80 new pokmon and the only thing that pops up at my house is a fucking weedle. 
 i dont smoke crack mf i sell it
 i come back from a lil smoke session and this nigga done ripped up his wee wee pad that i just tapped down. 
 i just wanna smoke some more weed 
 so i was bussing my table today amp they left a jacket behind. unbeknownst to me theres about 6 grams of weed in the pockets.  serverlife
 its almost that time again dont forget to check your batteries in your smoke detectors  and 
 hipsteryankeecandlescents vape smoke
 we seen that nigga smoked a dude for 50 bucks 
 why you on social media actin like you do  but dont want smoke
 himym barney smokes his last cigarette ever this month @itshimymquotes
 can you recommend anyone for this job in 29300 hempstead rd  cypress  tx  hospitality veterans hiring
 im working on a file and the ladys last name is weed. im so jealous.   mrs. weed.
 people come in swearing the government is trying to kill them with a flu shot and then tell me they smoke 2 packs a day... 
 when the smoke clears. when the pills dont work. when every religions prayers float up into the sky.  i still have this. until i die.
 you need to stop smoking pot i didnt smoke today smoked an hour ago
 happy birthday to one of the nicest and funniest friend of mine21dont smoke any layups today @solidmel
 current weather in naples smoke  76f 78 humidity  wind 7mph  pressure 1023mb
 la gloria cubans gilded age not a bad smoke 
 i smoke two joints before i smoke two joints and then i smoke two more
 who trying to smoke i need a smoking buddy 
 needed that catching up smoke session w my boo @jessicawhit19 
 this looks like me and sofia when we are trying to be cool and pretend that we smoke to be like everyone else  
 it always smells like weed outside my apartment.
 holla fuck the world with my chest full of smoke  i choke on my breakfast  the end of necklace  say dopehouse records  screwston texas.
 all i wanna do is smoke a l and ride a fine niggas face 
 for someone who smokes a lot of like everything  jesse pinkman has really nice teeth.
 a lot of woods get smoked fuckin with me 
 @tukicarter  drinking weed  
 all i smoke is loud  its gonna slap you in your ear
 @breezybabyyyyy kerrick you know i dont smoke.... and im back at the brib
 holyfeild by @postmalone and good weed. 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1 willard street baltimore  trash 
 whats wrong with being faithful and smoking weed 
 literally so comfy in my bed.....i dont wanna move and smoke a cig but whatever dude fuck it and u
 i hate not having weed  i need to start copping more at a time 
 hay  bay its ben 7 months  sins i smoked eney thing  or drank   whont to keep bing me it works .
 hoes gettin xd out and we on ganja
 the fact that i can just roll up a blunt and smoke it with my mom is a blessing 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 651 dumbarton avenue baltimore  send message. 
 we only smoke stuffed crust
 @vancitybuzz you oppress cannabis businesses that employ thousands of people  fill vacant retail space. you dont care about housing or jobs
