 trinityturnerlive performing live at glamour girls february 23rd25th... 14428 hempstead 
 @sellis1994 i think u should take an acer  build some greenhouses get in on the marijuana boom  just a matter of time till it hits iowa
 i think allot of yall smoke backwoods cause its cool smh...
 when i was sixteen i tweeted that my goal in life was to smoke weed with tom petty lmao not much has changed
 currently drinking the most portland beer ever. its an ipa infused with hemp juice and cbd oil. 
 i smoked a cig with mac demarco once
 enjoying themacallan delicious smokey huntsman cocktail at the fantastic baptistechicago with 
 i remember i had to scale my weed to match just so i can make reup
 after we smoke tho 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 400 south pulaski street baltimore  send mess 
 @jaustinbro got me wanting to smoke a wood this morning
 i just smoke woods  bitch im from tha hood
 slept in today and there is no weed edible in the kitchen. there was  however  a tattoo gun. today will be a productive day.
 @thenarratorhere @c0nn0r1212 @blueberryissour you dont wanna any weeds then fine  more for me 
 everyone come support your hempfield bowling team seniors tonight at hillview at 315 pm 7 seniors and one heck of a match tonight
 i really have to get some batteries for both my smoke alarms this chirping is gonna drive me insane
 i want summer to be full of concerts  days at the beach  and a fucking metric ton of weed
 someone smoking weed in the school parking lot..... lol ok ok
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   erie  pa job
 @greenthumbgirls well i guess your just a better person than huh  its morning weed humor hun amp you dont know me so dont judge. be nice 
 brand new weed  brand new high
 my mom and i walking snob hill and we see some boys on bikes  my mom theyre goin up to smoke a doobie  
 @sheelllbbbss idk i was just thinking about it haha but u cant smoke anymore its a tobacco free campus so
 who doesnt smoke weed and wants to become my new bff 
 why dont we smoke cigars for sorority recruitment tf
 it smells like weed on my floor  either im crazy or someones just not sharing
 i hate the way my hair smells after i smoke 
 shredded beef bbqsandwich our brisket is slow smoked in house and soaked in our tangy bbq sauce 
 wraps but no weed. life is sad.
 sex is risky. buying weed is risky. alcohol is risky. i dont need to add pills and coke to the mix thats too much. ampi live in a red state
 @iamsampeck27 two quick things he has said the kkk is ok and good people dont smoke marijuana  how is he not a maniac you agree with him
 drinking  the big smoke by @monkeypawbrew at @monkeypawbrew   photo
 imma sip it till i feel it  imma smoke it till its done  i dont really give a fuck and my excuse is that im young
 girls always say they love the smell of their boyfriends hoodies but benjis always smells like weed  cigarettes amp alcohol 
 i cant fw nobody that smoke weed every hour of the day
 my mom was in a sorority my dad was in a fraternity...jake and i just smoke pot  i watched anime through college and hes only good at xbox
 im so high someone came over sayin they got the candy talmbout some weed n im honestly upset.
 @foxnews smokeproof  fireproof  bulletproof. no cage can hold milo.
 i like to smoke and i like to drink. sometimes i do both at the same time 
 let me smoke my last blunt after this im done. on god
 can anyone sell me weed that lives in columbus
 @stefanibaez1 plus the weed is really good here lmao
 we gotta smoke one last time suh 
 we started weeds all over again. i fucking love this show.
 niggas be trying to use weed to bag girls. some girls go for it. im not that female i purchase my own shit ion need to be smoked up match
 the cool thing about @datkidwithabass is that hell smoke all your cigarettes when you pass out.. but hell always leave you one
 ion know how i can smoke  go to sleep at like 4 an still be up at 7.
 i wanna smoke moreeeee
 closed report at 246 ruggles st  mission hill  case resolved. weeds removed amp area swept. 
 we smoke that chlorophyll till we cant feel
 number 2 of 7 in the vintage flight.  drinking a smoked porter 2012 at @acesandalestena   photo
 muchos kudos to the most badass babe of all time smokedlacehair for making this happen anyone 
 im tryna smoke ma neeguuuh  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr  
 the smoke can kill you.
 coming soon theportholeny a modern smoke shop inside prism glassworks.  theportholeny 
 how the fuck are my eyes still red after like 17 fucking drops of visine... i dont even fucking smoke
 homie from my cannabis class asked this other dude if he had a bowl to smoke  dude couldnt wait until they were out the building to ask smh
 @orupe who says smoke down 
 he mustve forgot what i looked like. must think im a caucasian frat boy. ill stop smoking before i pay that much for weed again.
 i wonna try that smokey eye amp black matte lip look 
 @sonofabeee shit maybe you could find a way to smoke it
 when in pain weed it out...
 when she gives you the last of her weed 
 im on a seaweed diet  i see weed and i smoke it.
 woke up in a smoke filled room 
 fuck... i smell weed.  
  where theres smoke there is fire
 recent work for smokey bones restaurants lifestylephotography smokeybones food people 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 42034255 edmondson ave  
 @ dj opinions is why i have @applemusic its about the music not your opinions on legalize marijuana. no more @979wnci morning zoo for me.
 people who smoke in their cars with the windows up are a special breed of garbage
 i got hella weed to smoke  no one to smoke with
 recreational marijuana and the law what you need to know by @djpizzohhs 
 in 9th grade  this boy from class amp his cute friend wanted me to skip w them to smoke. couldnt have been more hood amp sunset than that
 addicted to music amp weed 
 holy smoke first robotics competition at @aapioneersports   wsdpanthers @runfardvs 
 vancouver trends now canuck  cannabis culture  victo  elton john  robin camp. 
 i smoke kush lots of it
 i dont think hempton has enough money to buy out icahn hlf stake
 i wake up every morning and do what the fuck i want and i dont deal w nobody till i smoke my blunt
 d.c has the best weed out here
 meet me down the street so we can chief cause yo mama dont like the smell of weed
 im tryna smoke up
 finna smoke n play madden
 armed and dangerous aint too many can bang with us straight up weed no angel dust label us notorious thug ass niggas that love to bust
 repost @gijoeomg with @repostapp  make sure yall checc out  my big bros weedizzle amp 
 you either smoke the cigarettes we give you or you dont smoke at all
 amash cosponsors ending federal marijuana prohibition act of 2017  via @k0d4
 holy smokes. azfl. watch this bad boy. its going to fly.
 swinging richards is fun. first time i went there i smoked a cigarette  drank vodka and popped locked and dropped it. everything.
 everyone who has told me theyd never smoke weed has been asking me lately to smoke with them this makes me so happy  iloveweed
 tried to convince my grandma to let us grow marijuana in the back.. she honestly thought about it 
 @patricethatsme im about to just go smoke my life away
 who sells marijuana to total strangers at a dot shop....times must be hard
 tgif come celebrate with our classic comfort southern mac and cheese  smoked bbq pork with 
 im bout to put as much weed in this cigar as i can .... just to think straight lol
 tune in fridays at 4pm mt to jimmys joints  a realistic view of cannabis. listen as jimmy 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation eaton  oh job jobs
 roll up your problems amp smoke them.
 i need weed amp food
 a woman who smelled keenly of cannabis came into locopops and cried over how good her dessert was. not sure we can do better than that.
 someone smoke w me tonight
 @stormchasernick @teenweatherman think that it actually was just a smoke stack now that i look at it.
 gut it  hug it  stuff it  lets smoke this blunt.
 old smokey @ lizardville beer store and whiskey bar 
 i want to go back to when i only wore black listen to depressing rock music and smoked cigarettes i though i was so cool 
 literally half the people in my history of marijuana class 
 my aunt called me like amir i have a crazy question dont be scared  i asked her whats wrong she said do you have weed you can sell me 
 being able to sell some of the best quality ganja and in a beautiful store front.. welcome to the gallery  
 my hands smell like weed but the gag is.... i been at work all day
 @nathanzegura browns trading 1 for someones farm  holy smokes andy they could build a dynasty. trade 1 if at all possible.
 he got smoked 
 since there is a marijuana plant in our house im going to start smoking weed @jillianxcoovert
 i need more friends who wanna binge watch netflix eat pizza and smoke weed in bed
 i am sleepy and wanna smoke but i dont wanna get high and go to bed  do u see my dilemma
 cant let them smoke that dangerous weed tho 
 when i couldnt sleep id just go smoke some and boom im ready to go to bed.
 too bad oomf doesnt smoke  
 when i smoke i dont have dreams  but when i stop smoking i start having weird ass dreams. is it just me
 @ibtalking @cspanwj we had a nice neighbor in tx use gasoline in a sprayer to kill weeds. its really hard to tolerate.
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend 
 hotel coolin.. so @sarahrosemcg slactavis1 for the sick hoody  come smoke with us at 
 next girl in another state who says she loves me  im flying over  giving wack dick  n smoking all their weed. lets see how this goes
 claudia caught those shots this am as she smoked the ruby red trout for our daily 
 i hate people who im like u down to smoke and there like nah i dont really but be tweeting about blunts always haha 
 if youre gonna use an allinone soap  it should be @drbronner s organic  vegan  fair trade  and made with hemp 
 authorities bust cartelamp8217s 100 mil weed farms in texas 
 love yourself enough to buy the head country hickory smoke bbq sauce.
 finna smoke a l and watch this get out it better be as fye as yall making it seem 
 shogun houston customers really enjoying the event advantages. downdraft means no smoke residue 
 i just wanna smoke and eat
 dont just click guys. we need in person protests and smoke ins to win. reschedule420 is actually action 
 i smoke out the qp not a ounce 
 im so blessed to have my freedom..  so what i cant smoke no more boy i could still be in a 12 by 8 foot long cell but god got plans amen
 somebody asked me can you trust a female who can smoke woods lol
 the girl pizza hut asked for 10 cents but instead i pulled my big ass nug of weed  oops
 broke my favorite piece and it feels wrong to smoke out of anything else.
 pork is rubbed and waiting for smoke @divaqbbq @moecasonbbq @tguelde @lordofq @killerhogsbbq 
 i need a girl that i can smoke and vibe with
 i knew that dating my drug dealer was a bad decision because i need weed right now this instant but i dont wanna double text him
 civilian life is weird  i still feel like a di is gon come outta nowhere at any moment amp smoke me for not having my feet at a 45
 i just wanted to have a date night where we cook drink smoke and watch movies but it never happens  never
 of course not. that was yet another smoke screen distraction. swatting flies. 
 wow little cherry taste  then boom smokey woah dif... ephemeral cherry smoked amber  photo
 yo someone sell me weed in la help
 kid cannabis will always be one of my favs
 nothing but good food and some good smoke to cure the soul... been stressing to hard lately.
 anyone wanna smoke ill buss yo head  i jus dont wanna b alone. preferably a girl..
 what in weed amp seed identification  
 get up and set the clock now.  check on a senior tomorrow.  replace the batteries in your smoke detectors. 
 going to the smokey mountains this summer and the fam wont go hiking with me  dad thinks i should find someone on tinder to hike with. 
 first smoke after awhile. chill weekend smoke botl sotl nyc @ cigar inn 
 i thought it was funny how at powells all the books about weed  sex or satan were locked in glass cases 
 i forgot my weed at my apartment im so mad
 how you have an lamborghini huracan amp get smoked by honda  i would kill myself right there honestly
 drinking a smoke wheat everyday by @unsungbrewing at @unsungbrewing  
 hunter wait i have a question. why dont we just empty out a whole cigarette and out weed in it
 @andymurray  youve made me smoke after that match 
 if this boy says he smokes cigarettes imma just 
 that hell challenge wont work wit some of yall moms cause hell yall cuss smoke and drink around her i cant relate 
 i dont even smoke just roll me somethinnnnn
 i love it when people come up to the door and blow vape smoke all over me before they hand me their ids.
 .@jeffsessions i agree just spoke candidly about marijuana and you wont like what he said  
 and.......2.quiche  roasted mushroom  caramelized onion and crescent city double smoked pork 
 missed the weed festival and samurai jack yesterday  l
 middle schoolers these days smoke  drink  doing drugs amp having sex  me in middle school spell icup
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign on bonus  
 miller got smoked lastnight in loss to dr.  4 er given up.  worldbaseballclasic
 my dad fr wants me to smoke him out ahahahahahaaha finally
 @thekors100 aye my city. tbh ottawa is boring during winter time but i recommend going downtown and having a pontine from smokes poutine
 brees and i walked by this field of weeds on our walk today. i was 
 about to his this weed
 @georgeloveee mine smells like weed
 @sgmurphy91 holy smokes 
 buying a gram of weed is such a waste of timeenergy lol
 new promotion   buy any 3 crown heads cigar and get 1 las mareas for free @ smokers haven inc 
 supervisor judi bosworth of north hempstead tell friendship city  haman  korea  that were opposed t...  via @change
 when one of mvs old top models hits you up to smoke and collab and you dying @trintsuxxx
 cause you dont smoke with me... 
 i wonder do he wanna smoke w me lol
  youre faithfully in my dms lol. its funny to see that you like black girls though. ill never get over you overcharging me for weed 
 i really hope i can smoke tonight or else it will be some problems 
 it is so inconvenient when u cant smoke in your hotel... whats the big deal man everybody does it dang
 hope im alive for weed to be legal everywhere
  he hasnt gotten thru weeding out all the idiots holding those positions. plus they havnt let him fill his cabinets.
 last night some girl with blue hair and piercings asked me if i had weed to sell her. i said do i look like i sell 
 smoke weed everyday 
 why majority of niggas like guns  weed amp gangs 
 time to smoke some ganja
 who aint on that 1gram in a swisher shit lmao lets smoke
 @epiphanyzone go further back wwi deal england almost done and made deal wjewish guy for smokeless gunpowder check it out
 anyone in madera want to smoke a blunt
 i hate when im tired as hell but wanna smoke too. it takes me 5everrr to actually get up and roll
 i got some old friends who only hit me up to try and sell me weed now  foh
 i really feel like im gone die if i drink or smoke. not even being dramatic i really feel so horrible now if im intoxicated i cant do it.
 youll cowards wont even smoke crack
 like the old lady posted in the group like i tried an smokey eye today and im over here thinking you should never try that again
 whos tryna smoke
 intense heat  smoke from warehouse fire 1253 e. 8th st.  dtla . @lafd has it knocked down. details @ktla 11pm 
 @liyah0507 @bbscottt you hung around niggas i dont fw and you smoke wt niggas idfw
 people i think its so stupid to just smoke and go to sleep...just a waste of money  me 
 free or if not almsot free college for shooting 3s or catching touchdowns literally take that any day over some xans or weed
 all i need is some weed an some backwoods fuck being snowed in with a bitch i got xvideos 
 i need friends who dont smoke poppers so they can keep me distracted. @julieveilleux where u @ ho
 lmfao this electrician man lit we ballin up he like i smoke weed too. tellin stories bout how st vincent got fire truck wit no watta 
 the perils of pot farming a season on americas least chill weed 
 one of the women on sweet home oklahoma is named pumps and she smokes cigarettes in her car with a rubber glove s 
 on a smokesky day  in exodus  her fille plucked a sprig of turmeric  green and new. they arrived. no one wanted them. gwstorieseverywhere
 jerseycitylawyer u.s. senators seek clarification from department of justice regarding federal marijuana 
 when i dont have weed i literally just lay in bed thinking how nice it would be to be smoking weed or getting smoked out
 @dadmrmad   i hear they grow good ganja in hispaniola  
 @davidcoverdale mmmmmmmmm late lunch bbq smoked pulled pork pizza from my favorite restaurant  the backyard b 
 good weed good drank big money man 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1729 e pratt st  
 @potus @vbpd @spacestation grayvolkswagon two women smoking marijuana 911 virginia beach fishing pier 15th and atlantic
 manifesto by @gratefuldead manager danny rifkin on weed amp hippiedom  delivered to press after 1967 drug bust. every 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 why is getting weed out of state so hard 
 bitch your mom gives you money all the time and you spend it on weed 
 if i catch my kids smoking weed it better not be my fucking weed
 im just trying to smoke dope with chxpo and do blow with tracy tbh
 i smoke a cigarette before morning pt to get the ol lungs warmed up for the run 
 brave little toaster wont spy on you  but hell smoke all your weed kellyannemicrowave 
 me and micelia walk into the smoke shop next door to our job for candy... they hooked it up for the free 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 someone smoke with me
 drinking a smokey the mountain bear by @thirstybearbrew at @thirstybearbrew  
 why you smoke so much 
 ugh i just woke up. i always smoke and go to sleep for like hours and hours
 i wanna go back to before i ever smoked weed bruh  literally the worst decision and best decision i ever made
 i used to smoke a pack a day  so why couldnt i smell it all you did was blow smoke... why couldnt i smell it 
 the weed overthrow was successful.
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 for real i had to tell this old couple parked right outside smoking weed to turn down the boyz ii men they were blaring. ah  los angeles.
 @ameidizachalana im still not to good to hit a swisher  joint  bowl  free weed is free weed my guy
 good weed white wine  
 why everybody that sell weed be slp by ten like they got a job to go to in the morning 
 woah  i fr just said im not in the mood to smoke tf wrong w me
 march 29  2017 530 pm streator fire department ...on this date and time  the second year of our smoke alarm program will get underway.
 @morningmika @morningjoe  democrats are lost in the weeds. defending the welfare state. down 1200 seats since obamunism
 i hate the snow bc it means my mom works from home which means i cannot sneak away to smoke
 who tryna sit in the car amp smoke a backwood after school 
 blows my mind a 13 yr old is smokin weed and drinkin just to prove shes not a little kid. like no  that is not okay. these kids are wild.
 @garettwoods bro i literally hate being by myself. i hate it so much. why do you think i buy all this shit all this weed and wax and beer
 next great investing opportunities will be in artificial intelligence  drones  and marijuana
 shawty you should roll with me come over and smoke with me
 bitches be screaming free their nigga when his bluffing ass only booked for a petty ass bag of weedhe be home when you get out the shower
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway wb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 just had the best weed nap ever ....
 if you a female and you smoke cigs you nasty af  cigs in general is nasty but i cant associate with a female smoker
 that government marijuana that everyones freaking out over just looks like standard cheap weed from the midwest to me.
 save the date. were having a free workshop on cbd and hemp with @youpluscbd on 322 @ 7pm @ grassroots 
 no fr what is rapper weed  
 i be wanting to blow the fuck down but then i realize im not a smoker 
 no one can sing  quite like smokey  smokey robinson.
 in the past 10 minutes waiting on my flight  ive consumed 200mg of thc via edible marijuana... time to dance with the devil muthafuckas
 psa smoke gas only 
 @davidjsanders thank you for voting for sb357 against smoking marijuana.
 i feel like the world would be better if people who smoked cigarettes all just disappeared
 i been buying weed off craigslist like its nothing lmao
 all niggas do is lie  smoke weed amp lie some more. 
 watch someone die from government marijuana and they gon blame it all on weed 
 everytime i try to write this paper i decide its a better idea to smoke a blunt
 if she wears timbs with shorts  she smokes blacks amp will square up with grown men
 you light my fire. lets stay up late and smoke a j
 im on the come up like smoke
 they smoke hella kush out here
 president trump will weed money it the traitor trash  
 avoid these 5 common cannabis growing mistakes grow clones  
 you dont know how it came to this but you just dont feel comfortable operating a chainsaw without a beer and a smoke
 i just smoked a blunt witcha gurlfran
 who wants to smoke and go eat 
 im bout to smoke. shit pissed me off.
 and your bitch break down my weed sometimes
 @awonderdj i had a sublime girl once. i miss her and her weed man. oh when we were young. good times.
 people get so disappointed when they ask me do i smoke and i say no 
 ok rant over about weed.  ive never smoked pot a day in my life
 every time i shave  oh god their going to id me for the cigarettes at speedway also me i dont smoke also me you dont have facial hair
 drugmovies @midnight weedful things
 i came home from work amp my mom said i smell like weed amp went to go get a drug test i dont even smoke weed so she is gonna look so dumb 
 @ps pretty sure i smell weed every single day as i walk through the hallways at division st soooo idk about the accuracy in this statement 
 anthony thought somebody gonna smoke a wood w him
 we live in a era where we value weed over love @wittlowry
 @usatoday of course he didnt give what is needed just another smoke screen
 i dont think nobody smoke more then me
 bout to lay in bed smoke n think  im good jus hard to face reality of wut things really are
 mind you  i dont smoke and i am still shook.
 idlikearefundfor that weed you sold me.. i was only high for a few hours
 absolute trash. 3 years for ruining someones life. but ppl are catching felonys for selling weed. 
  you know i like my chicken fried    soft boiled eggs  w cholula ranch  smoked cheddar hollandaise 
 catch a nigga in the store we blowing catch a nigga with his hoe we blowing catch a nigga he dont got it  we smoke him 
 sloppy top while i smoke my morning blunt  please
 i wanna smoke a blunt and go on a walk.. who wants to go
 @escondidoca please remove tall  weeds from vacant lot at 78 and birch ave. novisibilty
 see clearly through the smoke screen  dstudentproductions dstudentclothing dstudentempire 
 remember all the people over dosing on marijuana and dying.. yea me too.. 
 bbq @ smoke shack bbq 
 who wants to smoke and get some food pls 
 someone bring me weed and ill teach you the samus matchup
 stop selling ya clothes for smoke lmaoo 
 someone deliver weed and food to mi casa
 @kameronbennett inbox for a free copy of this song when the smoke clears  money new track on soundcloud now 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 125 north ann street baltimore  
 i dont smoke no more cuz i get high off your vibe
 i smell weed  u do   i think its just your hair
  theholyherb cannabis is for healing and edification of your body amp soul.   om om  god 
 only a few days left for dine out stoutbraised shortribs with brussels sprouts  smoked gouda 
  do yall smoke..  fuck we were dead as hell 
 my coworker says i look hot when i smoke ciggs and im like 
 @jarrobigod listen to chicagos very own cvo by smoke np on soundcloud 
 if i smoked weed i would need the biggest blunt in the world right now
 i neeeeeeeed to smoke weeeeeeed fuckkkkkk
 i cant smoke weed anymore frfrfr
 firefighters investigating smoke in @stbonaventure librarys basement. 
 i smoke weed like its going outta style and drink gasoline
 @cookingxmama and i dont even smoke so u dont gotta do dat 
 business of cannabis event in santa barbara sellout crowd filled with entrepreneurs  investors  startups  suppliers 
 verdin tiny song bird first year visiting our yard  he is hanging onto a weed  grass and weeds 
 come to the bay and smoke
 i smoke too much weed to be tripping over dumb shit.
 that smoke  
 drinking a smokey and the bois by @thebruery at @khourysfinewine  
 secondhand weed
 @jersicahurdle is this code for the marijuana or the alcohol
 summer shredding starts monday. 2 months without weed fuckkkk.
 you dumbasses out there taking tylenols and shit yall cant even pronounce for a headache when weed was the first analgesic. say weed.
 ugh can someone just give me a reliable weed connect
 say some dumb get smoked like hash  shoot you in the mouth now yo jaw broke like glass
 gentlemen  that brings me to my next point. dont. smoke. crack
 the people above me think its cool to stomp around at 1 in the morning. well i think itd be cool to smoke bomb their room so brb.
 could be wrong but im p sure my eyes turn red when i dont smoke weed now and turn back when i light up all recent evidence supports this
 should i write on my resume i usually smell like smoke or is that already given
 wtf.. i wanna smoke whatever you were smoking lmfao 
 everytime i dont wanna smoke  theres weed everywhere around me. when i wanna smoke  theres none to be found.
 ive been smoking a lot more weed than like ever. not quite sure if this is good or bad yet tho.
 246 am. a man said good morning to me while having an after drunk sex smoke. what
 @kingofjanitors i think it would be cool to chill by which i mean drink  toke  smoke n be lazy. maybe go to a movie
 morning smoke session before work 
 south hempstead ny thu mar 16th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 throw me in the booth with some smoke and henny and i guarantee ill make a hit 
 @chloeleeannnn @hailcarone chloe you smoke every day how do you not know what shes saying lmao
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2018 mchenry street baltimore  send message. 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy   transportation dover  oh job
 the before  during and aftermath of a controlled burn for weed control. hot 
 keep your business safe get peaceofmind with monitored smoke detectors. call us to get started 5196420444 
 @junill @40ozvan help my weed loving friend lol
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy  
 orange county weed man 
 whos down to smoke a pound or down with the underground  how about being down with the clown
 good weed good drank big money mane
 get him to the greek is the funniest movie lmao dont be a bitch dude let me get my smoke on
 a security guard busted into my hotel room and took all my weed
 some of the most successful adults i know smoked so much weed when they were my age and it clearly aint ruin their life 
 bouta eat this in n out   pour the rest of my lean and smoke 10 bowls
 a customer was telling me about how he just vacationed in colorado and i asked him if he smoked weed but he got offended and didnt tip me
 my car smells like weed 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3403 winterbourne rd  violation notice outsta 
 this was me everyday this summer   they be like who was smoking weed on break  heart be racing thinking im caught 
 austin smell like weed
 we are out @pivotbrewing tonight.  to celebrate st. pattys day we introduce the queben.  smoked corned beef  kra 
 @theryanlindsay @meatings awesome i may continue my hunt for a smoked meat today  and maybe we will check out your options this weekend 
 wish i could smoke
 @realdonaldtrump  u will serve the jail time trumptreason putinspuppet russiagate u should know your smoke and m 
 whoa the link rail is weed central. smells like my old bus. must be a pot shop close lightlinkrail
 come join us sparrowoutandabout openmic smokehouselive @ smokehouse live 
 i wanna smoke wit rihanna amp ask her to teach me her savage ways 
 enjoyed speaking to @sfu @sfugradstudies class in presidents dream colloquium about medical cannabis with 
 mi remembaa .. di fuss weed weh mi bun roun mi a 10 mi affi light it again and out it again .. its like a band a play a riddim inna my head
 i hate bitches that dont know how too smoke  you aint hitting my tata if youne know how too blow wrd 
 @satilitez already smoked one
 id rather not smoke at all then put my weed in a joint paper
 raleigh going to smell like smoke for 2days  im sure
 today someone told me they knew of someone allergic to weed and jalapeos  i am still haunted.
 when your dad gives you some love potion weed  such a gorgeous tasty strain
 im gonna start saying damn this shits on smokepurpp as fuck when i like something from now on
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   transportation
 my boss is a mormon who smokes hella weed and takes dabs and has the shortest temper of all time.
 piss test me when you want imma smoke when im ready pants hanging off me now cuz my pistol heavy
 @kyleperrierrr ur my neighbor and we never smoke can you find whats wrong in these images
 @bostonems remember buried tresures smoke shop i got kicked outnumbered for passing gaslight  farishteyfans i an artist fartz of death
 @iseegreene im just waiting for an explosion  and dont get me started on people that smoke while pumping gas.
 no we cant have a smoke session. i dont know you bruh
 in the white house .. w a pocket full of weed in the white house
 wow this is smoke you cant ignore 
 @tombx7m @iowatrump i still think its funny the millenials call it weed like they did in the 60s. is grass cool again yet
 damn its st patricks day and i smoked all my weed last night
 nothing against marijuana  but i hope we all still say its just weed when our kids are smoking it too.
 when dude walks into the dmv and almost knocks you out with the smell of his ganja.
 if capt. picard and dr. x use medical cannabis then maybe it is right for you  ask your md for a referral to our cl 
 @sirpatstew one stone your drink the @010the huh oh you drink them i try smoke one in three weeks time i have enough for three stones wage
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 313 furrow st  send message. 
 happy st. patricks day. alecbradely smokeacigar filthyhooligan @ smokers haven 
 cant believe im wearing weed socks bruh smfh 
 why do your clothes smell like weed do you smoke 
 drinking a smoked apple amp jalapeno foreign export stout by @witchshatbrew @ witchs hat brewing  
 out new smokey grey color headboard. still on the floor on in the 
 holy smoke batman  
 i think id smoke you ova dem kaws x jordans
 forget a green beer. i smoke green weed everyday.
 honestly .. i just want to smoke 
 someone come smoke w me 
 trynna smoke trynna eat trynna chill
 who wants to smoke.
 watch me smoke this cookie and nan bitch do shit to me 
 i needa smoke or some im too stressed.
 my manager invited me to smoke 2 butts w him tonight and its safe to say he likes me now 
 pulled out my weed and my mom just kinda stared at me and said yeah im down lol
 like i came for my brothers birthday not to help you pull weeds and clean the yard for the party i have grading to do and test to study for
 my mama mad cause she smoke reggie and i smoke loud 
 @qtrain5 dont forget to live and smoke a pound of weed every now and then no matter what the random drug screening policy is
 bro my birthday is tomorrow and all i want to do is smoke some weed and get drunk tonight
 should i smoke this wood before i hoop
 soooooo  my parents know that i smoke now 
 does anyone have a smoker they no longer have a use for id like to give it a go.
 decided to smoke some green stuff  not drink any this st pattys day  stpatricksday day late 
 wanna smoke but i really dont feel like rolling up
 coffee  weed  bad combo 
 figured it out weightofthesewings is great in a smokey bar  drink in hand  but even better laying out in the sunshine @mirandalambert
 so long to concords 73yearold smokestack 
 end of 1st archbishop ryan 15  hempfield 9. ryans izaiah brockington with 5 points and 3 steals.
 god made weed  weed dont make you bleed lol
 need a saturday afternoon special visit getfreshtoast for this simple homemade cannabis spiked 
 yummy smoked salmon bagel   filmborn filmpalette portraitmode fujifilmpro800z foodie 
 save it all amp buy weed  
 @rachael645433 is it considered trash y or unattractive if s girl smokes cigarettes
 fill your lungs with the smoke get dizzy high stupid blind im stupid fly snag a bitch wit wet dreams give her dick when she bend her knees
 free smoke   free smoke
 morelife free smoke 
 1 free smoke  2 no long talk feat giggs
 half ass make me wanna blaze one and i dont smoke
 gonzaga needs to feed biggums weed boy every time down the court.
 this is why you dont smoke crack boys and girls. u become retarded. 
 free smoke free smoke
 neck is life... thank you yourdekalbfarmersmarket for the amazing inhouse smoked turkey necks. 
 free smoke sound 10x in the whip..
 im swimming in the smoke of bridges i have burned
 free smoke
 free smoke so fucking cold
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @tinaestfanous free smoke. track one
 your mcm smokes corn and reggie
 free smoke free smoke
 why. is. it. that every time i get on the train smelling like weed  cops always get on the same car within smelling distance
 ill smoke her shit 
 when some1 starts smoking weed in college they become like the coolest people i know like i dont think you can get much cooler than that
 damn bruh ate 6 of these cookies sitting here didnt even know they had weed in em lol well im about to be fucked in about a hour
 i admire and respect my blunts for i smoke umm
 @geeeeebbs lmao its smoke memed out
 holy water cannot help you now... im gonna raise the stakes  im gonna smoke you out. 
 whos trynna smoke
 and i dont even smoke
 free smoke free smoke drake
 need a dutch to roll up...till then bouta eat this weed brownie..shit should kick in by the time dis nattle drop
 that free smoke intro 
 tequila shots at a smokers bar will do ya in
 @sraichlen i never stopped using my grills or smoker
  the only thing i smoke is the competition  @kevkane30
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 807 n calhoun st  dirty yard. 
 oh i see... co  ca  ak  etc troops need 2b brought in i guess  2 end their legalization of weed  i guess. u sound l 
 2chains smoked that hoe
 holy shit free smoke goes off
 thinking about flushing all his weed down the toilet hahahahahahahaha just love my evil thoughts
 i want some cannabis gum
 free smoke free smoke 
 niggas dead ass be locked up for failing a piss test i cant say free you cause you couldnt leave the weed alone and better yo self
 free smoke
 @regretaregrets yep. @seagoatcc. theyre really amazing high quality chocolate amp very little weed flavor.
 i got smoke for you butch  u think you a real bad ass huh 
 i wanna smoke but i dont know a weed man in taylor 
 big plume of smoke from my car just ruined all these ppls brunch
 free smoke 
 ill smoke wit that nigga 1 day.
 these drunk people were asking my coworkers for cigarettes and my manager was like i dont smoke  morgan do u smoke like what 
 flavors for ya best weed in the town exotics and loud platinum og sour  tahoe kush 8ths 3540 
 if we go down in flames the smoke will spell my name
 someone be my friend and come smoke some dabs and ish
 ffs this isnt a step closer to equality this is appeasement  smoke and mirrors. its a light. seriously. a light 
 i use to roll printer paper up and light it and sit on our back porch and smoke it like i was really smoking a cigarette
 we finna smoke  
 @broooooood what did you smoke young lady 
 just want to smoke some bowls rn
 filming video for spanish  tv goes and mexicans love smoking marijuana  
 smokes weed in japanese 
 i  just wanna smoke away 
 someone is deadass smoking weed in this building  coming through the vents and shit 
 free smoke morelife 
 my advice to everyone complaining on twitter rn  take yall ass to the gym n sweat out that frustration. annnnd smoke more weed.  
 in terms of qualitycontenttalent  1 get it together  2 lose you 3 free smoke 4 4422 5 portland
 weather too nice to smoke inside
 @jordenlehman happy mf birthday lehman hope its good hmu when you back to smoke again
 get fake mad amp smoke they shit  
 you cant fool the real fans of music they can see through the smoke and mirrors.  easki @ 
 i use to smoke daily amp felt like it was a given til they took it away. i use to always fuc til i had a crayz occurrence nd made me celibate.
 like you can get tired a bit after you smoke   redbull brings your senses up and will keep you up if the effect lasts more than hr amp half .
 nigga started off the album saying free smoke. ready for waiting for whatever smoke niggas got. legend.
  logo for cannabis for wellness marijuana dispensary growhouse art graphicdesign by 
 if herkimer didnt smell like weed at 9am itd be weird
 say you worked for 20 years but had to quit due to a back injury. you file for unemployment but get denied because you smoke marijuana.
 @joyannreid @duchwela2 @devinnunes the @gop is desperate to investigate the smoke detector  rather than put out the fire. comeyhearing
 not only did rsen. shortey get caught with a child prostitute  they were smoking weed. its always the ultraright 
 pussy money weed 
 if u smoke u die  if u drink u die  if u eat u die  if u love u die  no matter what u die  so do whateva u want homie cuz u gon die anyways.
 i just wanna go home and smoke 
 drake bodied free smoke 
 all my cousin does is smoke weed  show off her tits on ig  and listen to hiphop. this is not the future we asked for.
 loving unsolicited msgs from strangers hi. im not into weed. thanks. at least they understand my intent. gtgt goo 
 @treboroslive im a reporter looking at the hempfield video for the local paper can you email me at msantoni @  thx
 @racksetyungkt they probably smoke and was like man aint nobody gon buy this dirt 
 president obama make the dea tell the truth about marijuana  sign the petition  via @change
 @slipmatwax i agree  but id add that it must sell legal tested cannabis.
 randall with old smoked dark chocolate from violet sky. the smoked c... whats my name amber ale 
 the smoke is getting thicker. theres a new fire in the area.
 yes. i like weed  video games  and pretty girls. get mad bro
 unchecked greed will ruin us wall street and big banks need regulationthe short term gains are a smoke screen of future economic ruin
 i dont drink or smoke i dont care to go to parties i personally rather be cuddled up with my bf any day 
 i got females sellin better weed than all you niggas smh
 when youre home alone and can finally smoke now  i need this 
 @misseleneous @logophobe @arctic16 @achr0i @0xkruzr seconded. nice smokey flavor.
 cant wait for the smokepurpp lil pump show 
 every female smoker knows the struggle of the tip stains 
 yall smoke too much weed. maybe yall should sometimes never hit the blunt. cause you sound dumb as shit
 somebody bring me a shell  i got weed
 i can feel my desire for weed lessening
 niggas be geeked up to smoke like thats they life   shit was never that serious
 did curry really try westbrook im sorry but he doesnt want that smoke not one bit
 free smoke .. anybody want it they can get it no joke
 cant sleep so i called smoke and his ugly ass sleep 
 he want some dope ima sell em the sac i smoke
 we want all the smoke.
 you may be a stoner if  the smell of drier sheets makes you want to smoke.
 way back did i not say as my life u lose fall into spring as summer becomes fall on those experiment in smoke n pyrovaporized polar epic
 i smoked out of a rubber type of bong shit for the first time 
 lots of weed shops in canada still open. @justintrudeau took out @marcscottemery amp @jodieemerys to claim their hero status.cdnpoli
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 ill be away from my desk this week. smoke signals will be your best way of connecting in the 
 i smoked a half g of live resin last night before bed and i have never woken up so refreshed
 i dont even smoke but my morning is tempting this 
 @souplax12  sounds like they need to smoke a blunt and stfu haha
 is there such a thing as a homeless person who doesnt smoke cigarettes
 standing on couches blowing smoke @mrgrant15 @ josephine lounge atlanta 
 my name is tha joker habitual smoker
 update ive been sick for 3 days and now my voice has gone from sick child to 137 pack a day smoker
 glowgtportlandgtfree smokegtsacrifices
 would you accept this date with me and we smoke hella blunts before and after @katycrouse 
 beware this demon bring shame to stupidity like i bring honor to smoking weed every day  oh snap lol
 i have 4 more hours b4 ill be home but currently in a text convo wit one of my treemen cuz i gotta secure my after work smoke 
 real shit  whats better than tacos  weed and liquor im waiting 
 u.s. health secretarys wife supports marijuana rescheduling  via @massroots
 @andybeth222 1. do you want your kid to smoke 2. do you want your kid to visit you in the hospital as youre dying of emphysema quit  dear
 smoking weed definitely took all the motivation and creativity out of me and now i am overflowing with ideas 
 my mom put money in my account so i can get a new water bottle but really its going towards weed
 south hempstead ny tue mar 21st pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 lmfao who the fuck did stacy smoke with gah dayum  must have been smokin sum lawn clippings 
 a thread on the best ways to smoke cigarettes....
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 sandwichoftheday grilled portobello mushroom  roasted red peppers  smoked onions  tomato  arugula  goat cheese  basil aioli  pretzel roll
 free smoke free smoke
 stopping at that smoke shop in king city was the best decision ever lol
 shawty said dont talk to me of you need weed to get thru the day ....tf lmao hits loud
 at least have the decency to wash your hands after you smoke your disgusting cancer stick 
 its so un attractive  to smoke cigarettes 
 no one pokes like gaston  or blows smoke like gaston. no ones ego just cant take a joke like gaston.
 woody harrelson gives up marijuana after 30 solid years 
 are you smelling and seeing smoke our wind is blowing in smoke from a fire in ne ok. val castor confirms its a co 
 but they all of a sudden been slowly becoming what your should be putting your weed in. thats fine its no big deal. but its a fad. lol
 i smoke everyday bruh
 rick ross snoop dog donated the smoke.   me ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
 i was going to follow that with how could you not want to take care of your body  its the only one you have buuuut i smoke so 
 towne towers evacuated. fire on 2nd fl  smoke went up to 3  4  5  water damage down to 1st floor. power shut down to the entire bldg.
 we just sittin here tryna win  tryna not to sin  high off weed and lost of gin  so much smoke need oxygen  steadily countin them benjamins.
 free smoke free smoke free smoke
 all the cool characters in movies just consistently smoke cigarettes.
 why do the persistent low battery beeps on a smoke detector always start when you are trying to sleep its like they know. obama
 bruh weeds been feelin different lately i think about quitting but i cant do my baby wrong like that..
 free smoke  anybody want it they can get it no joke
 lets smoke later
  one hit wow the weed wakerr between the legs engen  form kool to dam
 and weed 
 my nigga didnt come through with this smoke sesh
 see our latest scottsburg  in job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 the forecast in denver is smokey... milehigh denver   visit us online 
 off the smokes
 ogden rappers  rap about getting money  weed and big butt bitches. when they hang with all dudes  and only buy 20 sacks off me.
 bro i swear i just naturally smell like weed 
 hey k  whatcha doin just taking a hit of gunnars weed. whats he on  i need to get on that shit 
 i just wana be able to not be depressed and not smoke weed
 @pulse1077 they drink or smoke.
 @ezlusztig @xdelmar59  explain please. this seems like a smokescreen
 why cant weed be legal everywhere
 bucket list  420 smoke a blunt with snoop dogg
 baby  if you cook and roll that weed  ill be so happy with you
 i never thought i would be a full time smoker  now i smoke everyday 
 free weed  sucking dick
 free smoke free smoke.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 332 south mount street baltimore  send message.
 @govmarkdayton leagalize recreational marijuana in minnesota already
 i need a smoke alarm that can sense the difference between arson and grilled cheese
 uncle smokes says tune in to @mlbnetwork tonight at 9pm est for the wbcfinals usavspuertorico 
 @realdonaldtrump stop with the smokescreen. youre not vindicated. president obama did not wire tapp your tower. worry  its not over
 smoking a lot of weed and drinking a lot of coffee is a strange yet energizing combination
 all i smoke is ls on my paper trail
 only smoke the good good 
 worlds most smoked out podcast is back  so @tgramz1000 for coming through today 
 @woodyharrelson kudos for quitting weed. a high person inhabits a bubble with their chemical. loved ones cant really touch you. be here.
 ill never forget ik dis nigga amp both of his parents was lawyers amp he was sellin weed
 gonna smoke by my lonely amp listen to dolph 
 @mitchellvii @realdonaldtrump if you look through the msm smoke screen you will always see the truth.
 as opposed to the actual measure which keeps marijuana a crime. 
 @danielnewman saw ur post on fb lmao unfortunately its become that way weeding through all the crap is a fulltime job
 spot on. everything is just smoke in mirrors in the media...everyone is too worried about inventing the news rather 
 this smoke signal from fauxcahontas 
 its mindblowing how many teenagers and young adults are smoking marijuana and think its okay.
 i never felt more alive and sure about life then when i was up on adderall late study nights scavenging for crumbs of weed with my suitmates
 everything smells like weed and vanilla in my room hello
 bro everyone smokes weed .. so can yall stop blowing smoke into your phones while taking pictures 
 the need for weed is real tn.
 im gonna hide my bfs weed  he gone beat my ass 
 we in here comparing weed and who got it from 
 @sportz5176 love you smokes..always will..
 final new crazy batch of coconut oil cannabis infused rosin liverosin rosinchips 
 yeah  i smoke  yeah  i had a drink  now im both
 damn you marijuana 
 somehow the wedge on nau finds a way to get worse everytime a slice tasted like how smokers smell if that makes sense
 i just need some weed right about now.
 i just wnna lay in bed and smoke this blunt with u 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 i smell like smoke 
 just in states with legal weed people still smoke in states where its illegal  people been smoking for decades. 
 who up amp wanna smoke
 you cant just steal weed from the company nate
 i needs that weed lawd
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 repost @glensnead with @repostapp  free smoke cover snippet drake morelife grandsoull 
 listening to bone thugs makes me want to smoke
 second attempt to leave boise. evidently someone tried to smoke in the terminal which closed half the terminal.
 if i didnt spend money on food alcohol  and weed id be so rich
 free smoke free smoke
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 she swallowed the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1723 s hanover st  send message. 
 listen to @daveylove amp save 10 off stovetop smokers amp smoker wood chips this weekend  onlyatchefs stovetopsmokers 
 i still smoke but not everyday because i dont need it that much
 its been 2 weeks since i stopped smoking and honestly what even is marijuana bc i cant remember
 the song free smoke has one of the best beats ive heard in a while when the piano drops that shit slaps
 lmao. i dont even smoke but i love this song. @commonkings 
 @cigarbarsf thanks for the follow. always wanted to come out there for some smokes and warriors game
 good smoke  good vibes  good music
 boutta smoke up 
 @senmccain cant be that stupid  can he  holy smokes   
 today i contemplated whether i wanted to remain in the marijuana industry or enter the environmental science fields...
 people dont believe me i dont be sleepy its just the weed... 
 what the actual fuck johns so high right now he threw out the weed thinking it was ashes
 the only reason marijuana should be legalized for recreational use is to focus the war on drugs to actual harmful substances  like heroin.
 @dawnellemurray @ggentlemanirish @starcrosswolf @725gem725 @govabbott support for islam is smoke and mirrors. they are collapsing.
 see our latest bucyrus  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 when you thought real army wont like basic but you still getting smoked 
 need more girl friends who wanna just come over and smoke up 
 police raid riverside marijuana dispensary for third time this month 
 tackling cancer treatment myths  from clean eating to cannabis 2017  with scientific evidence linked 
 tackling cancer treatment myths  from clean eating to cannabis 2017  with scientific evidence linked 
 happy birthday @overdos22 have a good one  smoke that goodshit 
 you have me addicted like hennessy. addicted like weed
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 pretends to smoke cigs so i can have 7 min breaks and just sit in my car 
 i  weed
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation newtonsquare  pa
 @topbizzy  fuck the bullshit bro  just smoke goodz salute carolinaboyz
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 363 font hill avenue baltimore  send message. 
 lets smoke some tree at whips
 come down to prophit apparel @ 6012 smoke ranch rd 80108 
 but i folded and smoked yesterday so i guess that means fuck it lessssss goooooo right
 wicked weed medora on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer nocoorslight intheberkshires beermenus
 tbh the only thing i have learned since moving to the panhandle is how to avoid tumble weeds while driving
 @nvmg69 that should keep my mind off things.  that and mendocino weed.
 i liked a @youtube video from @rjcollinsmusic  r.j. collins @chancetherapper x smoke break x @faithevans let you go
 will trade marijuana for transportation 
 ...should i go out or buy food ..and just chill and smoke at home
 why niggas be so weird when they selling weed lol
 damn mfs make plans with your weed
 whats the weed like in japan 
 ive smoked two additional different strains prior to this reply. 
 i just want to smoke and cuddle up with my boo tonight
 damn i love smoked chicken   @ san francisco cajun co. 
 @julzgaye @foxnews @oreillyfactor @ericbolling im weeding myself off news stationson tv. way too aggravating
 damn ina really have no weed this week
 the amount of hookah i smoke is ridiculous
 my dad told me amp kasi our bed time is 12 so weve literally been waiting in my room for him to go to sleep so we can go outside amp smoke
 repost weed.creative with @repostapp  yeah i can cook.  stolen from united420 @ westlake  
 goodmorning time to smoke a blunt 
 this is the perfect weather to lay up smoke amp be nasty
 every time at the barber   barber hows that me looks great    actually looks like the barber took a weedwacker to my head
 ppl talk shit about smokin weed till they get to college lol
 saturday morning gym time always better with smokey  diana  four tops ... and strohs beer. motown 
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 yeah when i see someone roll a blunt im gonna smoke tf out of  
 @jimcramer hey jim im looking to buy marijuana stocks can you give me some good options
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 java smoke blacks i aint alone outchea no mo 
 i love my dawgs to death  but if i ever hit another fresh pile of poop with the weed eater again....baddawgz
 bone marrow with my smoked ham hock benedict @wildebeestyvr  needsmorenapkin 
 i gotta weed brownie amp some black henny this day party better be lit.
 you do what you do but weed is definitely a drug  
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well set up a weed farm.  well go to a weed farm and work for it.  ask for derek  
 i made sure i packed my smokes in my bag today because i felt like i would need them and oh man was i right.
 im pissy i need weed and a new nose ring
 i dont smoke weed motha phucka i sell it 
 coordinate the xan with the weed in my rockstar skinnies.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i b having to beg my sister to smoke wit me
 stephen made my entire room smell like weed
 free smoke
 free smoke free smoke 
 dont smoke rock
 alien amp 911 bc i smoke too much and watch too much x files and documents 
 uh... ma  ya mcm smoke cigarettes lmfaoooooooo.
 .@goosegill @usethefuture more like  but not very like  those ppl are on crackmethbooze  send them legal medical cannabis immediately.
 what marijuana does yo you 
 i dont smoke reggie 
 boutta smoke this gas
 perfect sleepy time concoction chamomile tea w a shot of nyquil  1 benadryl  2 melatonin  a muscle relaxer amp a hit of weed. nighty night 
 @reefermadness  probably mattis is closest  but with a nickname like mad dog  i dont know you have room for me in canada  reefer
 i literally smoke in bed and watch friends every single night before i fall asleep. 
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 @yagirlabs do you even lift  smoke  drink  make ugly snapchats  or complain bro 
 i for one have  the  of  i smoke by 14 packday 
 i cant wait to be off probation one day an be able to smoke a blunt for the first time again .
 picked up 15 more bags of gravel from @suburbanlawngarden to finish our smoker patio @millsmichael913 
 i get it  you smoke but doing so in the drive thru so that everyone about to eat has to smell it makes you a terrible person
 gotta love a man who will smoke a hunk of bbq just to hike it 5 685 
 healthy beach meal. smoked chicken salad and @michelobultra . greatcombo tampabay beachbars
 ready to get tht smoke thru my system
 illinois is considering legalizing marijuana for a fiscal boost 
 all i wanna do today is smoke and watch stupid movies with my friends
 my mom told my aunt that i smoked weed  wtf lmao. i dont want my family knowing 
 security lady can you hide me while i smoke this cigarette.
 @hilariousroasts damn shame those 13s got smoked smh
 420 p.m. rainy sunday @dougbenson show at a club above a weed shop. we may be the only nonstoned people here.
 what rub our sause do you use for smoked beef ribsaltonbrownlive 
 tickets are now available at smokeys novelties on lancaster in salem  promo @ smokeys novelties 
 youve got to eat at a bbq place that uses a hand towel for napkins @virgilsbbqlv  smoked wings the best ever. and 
 i want a lilboo who can come over cuddle smoke n eat some pizza w me 
 the smoke is killin off my lungs and appendix..
 we smoked till 5 in the am then was out the door at 12  runnin off nooooo sleep 
 just need some weed and her 
 somebody just told me that i look like i smoke cigarettes
 j.scott talking crazy  free smoke @tayaustin01 
 love listening to free smoke
 i wonder if im really gonna die. if i smoke like...  really lmao
 sent two homies home with weed n food. gotta make sure ur friends r fed amp all that good shit.  everyones gotta eat. night yall. 
 @nupe117 @mypchicago @cspanwj @reason cbd hemp oil is nonpsychoactive.  it contains no thc.
 please learn how to corner a bowl or get the fuck away from my weed
 ive gotten woken up to gun shots nigga plz lemme jus smoke this pack 
 i jus need a lil lowkey to smoke wid n hump on
 whos dumb enough to smoke in the girls rr
 niyah just high ashit but ik she gonna be goodaint no other choice. she just shouldnt have smoked
 @bigstarcountry holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 lil brazzy bitch. my bitch. the talk back and smoke my sack type of bitch 
 drinking a smoked porter by @bardobeer @ bardo brewpub  
 the guy who did my oil changed said  you smoke bud  welppppppp
 del. cheryl glenn defends medical cannabis commission bill hb487 special ordered this industry will be tightly 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 it aint cool  i aint trying to be cool fam  im trying to smoke some exotic strands of herb.
 everyone has a white friend that takes weed way too seriously
 this is why i stay smoking weed. i dont realize im being a bitch till after i smoke.
 yall fuck whoever smokes literally 1 foot away from the door  youre nasty af and i want you to go away.
 i recently conversed with the legendary @ogafroman about the state of marijuana  his own weed amp beer  and colorado. 
 b6| javier vaz smokes his 2nd triple of the afternoon  1 on 1 out gbr
 headshots and professional pictures for marijuana industry and specially for 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 312 south norris street baltimore  send messa 
 is anyone truly surprised where there is smoke there is fire this is just one more bread crumb of info about 
 i wish my bff would smoke with me because that right there would be the best day ever
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 lets smoke this blunt hoe
 chat and smoke before i head home.  
 @cpimpthagod i really thought it said the cops was selling the weed 
 fire makes smoke. 
 the weed we had last night was called david banner
 if unc doesnt smoke gonzaga   they will bring shame to carolina basketball and this is coming from a duke fan
 wow smoke did amazing today and i cant wait for this weekend and im so excited 
 imma smoker no shooter baby we throw hands and rocks kid. u better drive fast.  u will see red 
 this smokers cough needs to go tf away
 most of my clothes smell like smoke and bullet house 
 @billmaher actually  im caucasian  gainfully employed and i pull the weeds  trim the hedges and mow the grass in my yard. am i a racist
 no weed stressed
 i can entertain the hate but i rather smoke a blunt to the face
 mood a dying smoke detector
 s1067 new further regulating marijuana commercialization 
 i just wanna make you thick   smoke good weed  and paint to erykah badu shorty 
 absolutely unacceptable... ill help you before i let you give me that 2nd hand smoke lol 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 mfs pissing me off gon push me to smoke
 hate hearing when people that smokes alot cough
 brickbybrick @phanthekonnect talks music  mindset and medical marijuana  
 ain smoke since last week
 bennycarlito585 what lies in the smoke is available now on 
 man i need to smoke i got a lot on my mind
 if yall did a pushup for every hit of weed or sip of drink youll be in good shape trusssss
 dis aint no kush smoke
 got lil shorty smokin reefer now she kodak boppin
 u can get a haircut and weed at any black barber shop fyi
 vt pediatrician blaming big marijuana industry for increasing normalization vtpoli
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 grieving parent i dont really believe in psychiatrists.  dr.what so i do now  disappear in a puff of smoke ordinarypeople. nominee
 @kaaywill133 definitely. she has a girlfriend  amp for the record i was just blowing smoke from the blunt to her mou 
 pregame commemorative bar selfie. ashley is not 6 tall  its all smoke and mirrors. bruins 
 i cant wait to stop smoking weed for a month bc my dr has to drug test me for adderall 
 @zaaairitaa smoked out
 @truetall ia just make sure you smoke it 
 you dont even have to smoke to be my nigga  just roll my weed after work and sit outside with me when i smoke.
 to all the people that call weed dope plz stop 
 dont even hmu to smoke if you dont have backwoods 
 when the weed amp alcohol n endless nights of going out dont satisfy you anymore dont come looking for me. you made your choice.
 niggas dont want smoke with matt barnes tho  
 why do girls think men that smoke every day broke
 lets have a cigarette and then ill leave uh no  i want weed
 pussy money weed headass 
 @bookiekilla22 smoke crack
 when u aint down to smoke out an apple 
 so much shit be on my mind so all i do is smoke...
 takes bag of oregano out of fridge whos weed is this
 .. was a defensive operation there was too much fire and smoke inside home and it became too risky for firefighter 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 28212899 wegworth lane baltimore  send messa 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 43014399 adelle terrace baltimore  violation 
 thanks for the likes  jessie taylor  @ smoke shoppe in in 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation loretto  pa job
 @jcase or a vacuum hole. mines the cheaper one so it has the 2 vents in the back  not the smoke stack  not ideal for rain lol
 this how you got to do the weed man in this day and age cause a mfs will lie to you son  @ 
 dont forget i locked @dreezydreezy in a closet amp took her yezzy jacket after we smoked  idkyanyways i woke 
 late update but @desnotdesmond let me try his weed kool aid and about thirty min after my knees were like jello i was naturally jiggin
 see our latest bellefontaine  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 just let a nigga like me win the lottery then smh i dont smoke cigs or do any drugs or drink at all. id just buy 
 how da hell you saying you scammed the women but you made they got you for 10 of weed allegedly ...im not caping for that lmfao
 yall let weed control your life.
 that nigga is about to fucking float. dipped the weed in chic fil a sauce 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 526 south bentalou street baltimore  send mes 
 yall dont want no smoke with gsu 
 i smoke cause i like the taste tho.  
 sometimes i feel alone in regards to have never smoked and never drank. who else out there has never justsayno
 i want to meet someone who doesnt have to smoke and drink just to have fun...thats all
 need someone to smoke this blunt and eat this pizza w me
 i went to the store to buy a lighter for this photo... the woman thought i was gonna smoke weed... yeet just making 
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed my whip
 oh you wanna smoke or you want some smoke
 i know some christians that pretend to be perfect who dont smoke or drink but are still pieces of shit
 ima smoke a blunt fuck this.
 guys ... i need help  who has took weed with them to the airport like is it possible 
 if u try to pay a debt to me in weed ima look at u like u a goofy fr
 hi friends  like our smoke free fort worth facebook page 
 yall so wrapped up in going to the coolest party and talking to the hottest people that ya pockets are empty amp you ask ur mom for weed money
 i can out smoke most these niggas in okc
 crackaz always being extra just smoke the damn reggie  
 @corcapmj absolutely cool i think i want someone to talk about insurance and marijuana at our festival
 i always smell like weed damn shut up w.e
 you know why my step dad is really fucking tight because he used to sit in the garage and smoke his joints while watching the office 
 @matthewiwinski ion even be on that no more bro im too use to the marijuana high  420 imma smoke enough for the both of us my brotha 
 dr. gorka susan rice controversy more than just smoke  
 if i invite you over to smoke dont ask me how much im throwing on bud. bud is free for me in my house. thats your entry fee.
 free smoke free smoke
 @realdonaldtrump your house of cards slowly falling @devinnunes good move to step aside. where theres smoke...
 @myarevamped this shouldnt even be a thought. keep it in rotation rt @myarevamped maybe i dont need to smoke again.
 this video smells like beer  onions  dirt  gas and cigarette smoke. 
 i just wanna smoke a fat ass blunt with my nigga and forget about all the bs. just like the old days. all this bs shit aint worth it tbh.
 i been tryna save so bad but damn i need weed broo 
 also shows how the nfl could care less about players with alcohol problems but god forbid they smoke a blunt to rel 
 smoke a lot of weed to keep these bitches off my mind ..
 if you know your man had a long day just wait for him at home with some weed like this 
 i wanna smoke n cuddle n nap 
 check out  if you want to know how cannabis helps your body.  also i wanted to share 
 see our latest youngstown  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 tryna find weed in another state 
 we buy zips just to smoke em now  but if you need some just know im taxin.
 finally someone in congress looking to change marijuana from a schedule 1 drug and let states handle their own regu 
 you know when you are in the middle of no where when there is free weed signs  
 somebody just waked into my life and teachings class smelling like a whole 5 lbs of weed  loud asf
 @forbes .... marijuana will create amazing shit you wouldnt be able to vision ...                        ......... 
 great seeing cannabis companies openly advertising see these on the back of las vegas 
 holy smokes i know middleage spread doesnt look good but it sure feels good. realtalk
 @cassiee weeds  parenthood  gilmore girls  longmire  narcos  an idiot abroad  great british bake off. clearly my taste is all over 
 when you smoke that much youre not paying 10 a blunt tho..... this is ignorant. 
 payin 4 weed rly b adding up im not finna stop buying it tho 
 this boy out here wildin with this marijuana and bob marley slideshow. 
 no negative in the air   i just want gas smoke in the air
 breaking news  major smokeless tobacco recall  skoal  copenhagen  husky and more    @ldaniels13
 im at kennys smokehouse in plano  tx  
 pussi niggas dont want no smoke
 mom just texted me saying shes depositing money for me and to not smoke it all in one place lolol
 tips amp snoot aka cracklin @ smokehouse bbq 
 not your average cannabis.  bestscent @jakekelsey @ black caviar 
 cant smoke no more thats how hungry i am lol
 see our latest adrian  mi job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 niggas buy a gun  smoke some weed and forget they a bitch
 i need to smoke  an i dont say dat a lot...
 lol i have no friends  all i do is do homework and smoke
 just need some1 to smoke and slap some dexter w me @famousdex
 tonights special seared duck breast  butter poached celery root  smoked cauliflower  sauted 
 should i exhaust all my energy on growin some more alien weed
 virion confirmed for serving weed tea 
 perfect amount of smokebacon flavor.  drinking a pulled porter dank tank @ psychward home brewing   photo
 everywhere i go i smell weed lol
 smoke my weed and enjoy life
 @ekctafc @aarondkey no beer  no weed  cruel and inhuman punishment. are you almost finished now
 i dont do no slippery slope. kindness aint a joke.disrespect will get you poke. n thts smoke
 come to the cabin and smoke
 dear mom  u should just smoke some of the pots amp chill tf out. sincerely  cales
 being the thick ass lightskin that smokes weed 
 i cant smoke when im mad. that shit turn me up
 .@lapdhollywood entertainment district detectives seize 40lbs of midgrade marijuana street value of 60k hidden in 
 @crystalcarterr they must not hang around people that smoke. its crazy how it can consume someones whole life. people be chasing highs
 go over your list and weed it out  there is an enemy within 
 today we celebrate smokey robinson the first negro but we dont call them that anymore cause they get sensitive i 
 gorsuch on grass where does trumps supreme court pick come down on marijuana @alternet 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 at 18  i can enlist  but i cant smoke or drink as i go down in a ball of flames   my drug dealer never cards me. 
 bitches will complain about how theyre always broke yet stay buying weed
 the worst part is that i woke up so excited to smoke a bowl
 @mnpdnashville just left airport amp down towards antioch looks like blue gray smoke billowing high enough that people r stoppin 2take pics
 45 mins in ft with adri   tryna make moves..realized theres never shit to do around here but smoke ... so we gve up looking amp smoked
 all you got to do is legalize weed amp say i love beyonc amp black people would love you @realdonaldtrump
 @liftedl0ser writing down things that make me happy  calling and talking to a friend or one of my siblings  or smoking some weed
 finna smoke my problems away when i get back from uofh.
 there is a few people i wanna smoke with before i take a long break
 from cold ass nights i was stinkin alone and my clothes ranked and they reeked of the dank ass weed from the planks in the floor my nigga
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 909 washington blvd  . 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1339 washington blvd  . 
 super smoked wings order for sunday  8656338111 superbowl snacks  pictured caribbean amp bourbon wings not nict 
 congratulations  you graduated high school  dont have a job  and have to brag about smoking weed. youre so cool.
 @realdonaldtrump @potus you are good. smoke and mirrors to help the rich. middle class  you dont know and care abo 
 literllay stepped outside the door to take a big ass breathe of cigarette smoke literally died
 i just love to smoke 
 kinda wanna make weed jello shots for the party tomorrow 
 honestly if you bash people for being able to eatsleep better when they smoke weed then wyd
 absolutely despise hempstead and its parking laws
 why cant we go anywhere without you trynna smoke tf
 should weed be legalized by the federal government livepd
  such a clean beating  purple smokey eye w| pop of pink for ms. echohalls night at the 
 love smoking weed
 i just wanna smoke tonight thats all 
 too lazy to go smoke some ganj
 too cold to go out to the garage for a smoke  helping me quit yeaaa
 dont smoke weed. have goals in life.
 colorado report says adolescent marijuana use has not changed since legalization  via @reason
 @slamonline...not to say there are no marijuana related incidents that occur periodically  but marijuana is clearly the lesser of all evils.
 all niggas wanna do is smoke   drink henny  and be broke 
 i dont want to get high  but i might smoke one to feel fine.
 the day before i got called for a job interview my mom asked if i   wanted to smoke i see u devil i see u
  the weed 
 2 pm and ive only smoked a half of a marlboro lite  thats progress if u ask me  trynnnnna quit smoking bc its so unhealthy but its so hard
 need to smoke
 listening to pavement covering echo because my saturday weedcoffee balance is at optimal blissful chill
 he say he wanna smoke i wanna fuck his sister
 @sixtusa 1st and last rental w you today. been waiting 15 min in smoke already. website is deceptive. @flytpa pls e 
 drinking a local hero by @revbrewchicago @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 judson lecompte from msu talking about using mulch to control weed in tea production. notice 
 i ordered this smoke kit like 2 months ago and that shit just now getting here  idk what to do with it 
 im way too high  im really uncomfortable   i cant believe i spilled all my marijuana liquid in my mouth  i cant move im stuck in bed
 ive been wanting to smoke so bad lately  smh
 that crawfish got me full  now im ready to smoke
 can you smoke woods in the japanese tea gardens
 sad part is weed is a reason i dont get to spend as much time with you ...
 all i do is smoke 
 @regibrittain stop with the weed use  youre unhinged.
 that weed is more brown then i am 
 he lowkey got smokeddd  
 you think ppl in the bible used dat ganja  
 im smoked out 
 all i need is my weed n brew @schoolboyq
 @jasonrapert while i agree please never compare marijuana use to the worst dictator ever know.. poor straw man argument
 youre a smoke. itll be fine 
 gonna take a hot bath  smoke a joint  and ignore the giant cloud of existential dread consuming my life 
 you could win the lottery  cure cancer  solve world hunger  make donald trump disappear  make weed legal  and people still gon talk shit.
 i really wish ppl will stop thinking i do crack  i only smoke weed 
 need hella smoke odor candles and incense for next weekend.
 im at @bonedaddys house of smoke in dallas  tx 
 i need to smoke 
 someone come smoke with me
 brandon jennings smokes hella bud
 havent smoked all day wwo mane
 @lundynnnnnn thats wild  i think the weed got me tweakin cause i could swear i thought it was you
 why she waste that weed like that 
 so might as well smoke cigs  
 im finna smoke this blunt to get some shit off my mind 
 i wish i listened to x while i still smoked  the vibes would be intense  late night thoughts with just the sound of music  really miss that
 @doobiusgamer smoke  a door or and watch monday when president uses emergency order against fed judge idiot.
 damn im gonna make a good wife someday. just a real groovy bitch that likes to dance and smoke weed
 if you want to smoke pls be a proper pothead amp dont set off the fire alarm at 3 am ok thank u
 theyd been got me out this bitch  maaan these niggas dont want no smoke 
 hijacking fiction gave me a t shirt i smoked marijuana with them fuck yeah 
 they came to find where i vanished to but i was hiding upstairs eating weed brownies
 im not coming to nobodys house if i cant smoke while watching the game. nope. denied.
 about to hit this with some apple smoke for 10 hours cookshack porkbutt pulledpork @ redwood 
 holy smokes. @melissamccarthy as @seanspicer on @nbcsnl may be the greatest 7 min in the history of 
 i dont smoke if it aint fuego
 at the rowan county fairgrounds. the site of some wild smoke outs. too small for todays smoke 
 meditation  conversation and a little marijuana
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 happy super bowl sunday beer is in the cooler  ribs amp hot links are being smoked.. what are your fun plans today 
 @tommyguns ayyyyyyyy thats what really be happening  imma look at u like nigga fr lmaoooooo smoke til u pass out bro
 them shits was sitting right in the nigga backyard in the same pots in everything but all the weed was plucked  but she got her plants back
 and some good weed
 i wish i could smoke 
 lets not forget tryna get smoked out 247 lol .  @sniperstevens 
 rip to all the roaches and clips i stashed in my car bc my stepdad took them and most likely smoked them
 lol im trynna smoke a roach and my nails a lil too long to grip it but me being me still trynna hit it  burning my lip and hand
 somebody bring me some weed im trying be on snapchat smoking but aint got no weed
 till im up up ill smoke again
 @suzannesannwald exactly for us  more sports books  cars amp motorcycles  ripleys and guinness. i ruthlessly weeded state and country books
 i got faith in my weed man
 tip if you smoke cigarettes during work and you dont want the scent to linger. wear a glove and hold the bud away from your clothes.
 i need to smoke before i do anything
 smoke a little weed but her shit together
 if you have had a wild history or a long history or a smoker you cant date this guy.
 @balloutwebbie you dont want no smoke blood 
 items 3 amp 4 smoked hotdogs and mushroom caps khaliseeofthegrill superbowl riseup @ ashlin 
 omfg.. what kind of a habit did i have howd i smoke so expensively holy fuckoles.. jfc again those are mini ci 
 lesss smoke sum
 i hate people who say they hate smoking contradict there selves when they smoke hookah 
 my dads friend has been here since 7 making smoked bby back ribs amp im too hungover to eat it. theres so much good food too
 when she buy u roll ups n she dont even smoke... keepher
 trynna smoke a blunt before my game
 tom brady smoke weed
 snoop and a weed joke i cant believe it.
 a weed commercial 
 thats what i do...i smoke and i know things
 gaga do you smoke custom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gaga 
 im tryna smoke a beezy after this shit  im shakin
 brady definitely smoke blacks no other way. brady took a hit of that 79 cent jazz at half time.
 yeah i think ima go smoke one again cause a girl in her feels for no reason rn
 my dad swears i smoke cigs wtffff
 @blucigs i think a pack of smokes lasts longer than one of your atomizers. three hours rip off
 ill let my brother and xavier smoke in here but when they add in a person i dont know or i dont fw i cant let it happen
 to everyone who burns incense because they think it covers the weed smell  it doesnt.
 she dont smoke but every time she with me we be faded
 u think parents can smoke weed amp still be great parents off topic
 i just want someone to smoke with me babe amp lay with me babe amp laugh with me babe
 interesting. i wonder if marijuana will relieve my vertigo. having menieres is such a bummer. 
 sorry if i didnt answer your call last night i put my phone on silent smoked a blunt and went to sleep fuck the nfl
 did you watch the superbowl mitch  i took one hit of weed and cried because of a document.. i mean yes
 u rly ain got no one to talk to in this world man. i just gota smoke weed and get fucked up lol daym
 @keithfoulke my friend nostradamus is not just a great meat smoker what a night
 my nigga i do not pop bars or neither do i smoke cigarettes.. so dont offer or ask for either..
 said she never smoked  i turned her to a stoner
 see our latest charleston  wv job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 whenever i smoke i try not to get on social med bc theres always someone complaining about something and it always kills my vibe lol
 if u getting weed for free yo dealer either a.fucking  b.trynna fuck  or c. dumb asf 
 my mom came over for her little hemp pomita i got her and for her little edibles omg she is so cute lol shes gonna have a fun time lol
 happy smoker  
 ill bring a roach we can all smoke on. good enough 
 i just smoked a blunt w a girlfriend 
 smokings bad for you guys... dont smoke.
 fucking eddie smoked me and denise out lmao we couldnt catch up 
 @hannahhlee1 try drinking more water if and when you smoke
 when he wants to go home just to smoke and chill with you 
 interesting how congress is getting serious about cannabis amid white house uncertainty  via @aliciawallace
 bitches looking for a smoke out while dudes looking for a quick nut  vice versa
 on some dumb shit. took two hydros for my menstrual cramps. and had the nerve to smoke a blunt. the room was getting small as hell 
 i have developed a method of looking at someones face and instantly determining if they smoke weed regularly or not. so far  quite accurate
 can i get some smoke amp drank cali
 i hate wearing my hair in a bun but its clutch when i smoke
 yall ever listen to frank ocean cool right well smoke a bowl and listen to him. chill af
 my bed smell like straight weed 
 about to smoke me a drink
 roll that marijuana thats a cheap vacation....
 buddabox  roll one  this little smoker is right the video seems a little blurry for some 
 wheres all the stoners in the coachella valley i need some weed smoking partners
 promised myself once i get off probation  i wont smoke no more and just work and school. ill just drink  fuckhcc
 the only logical reason to why asians smoke so much is because they have the cure to cancer 
 man i just love watching videos on snapchat of people smoking weed 
 man i just love watching videos on snapchat of people smoking weed 
 hate when i smell like weed amp people ask if i got weed on me while somebody looking
 @1lunanflint come smoke lets get breakfast
 stability of smokeless powder compounds on collection devices regina verena taudte  claude roux et al 
 if your cologne is le marijuana  im not interested. 
 what year do you think cannabis will become legal in canada under the jt liberal government  
 @smoothambler ....a productive road trip to west virginias smokers friendlys  this morning 
 nice day so you know my chest out smoking this ganja
 demon in the weeds but they forgive a guy who walked in a church and 
 no one should lose they life over some weed
 never trust someone who smokes menthols
 day number 40 000 of it smelling like weed in my god forsaken hallway.....this is annoying me...can you tell
 day 2 of pebc thinking strategies  spent the morning observing and debriefing 9th grade english class at smokey hi 
 @pvnkkitty and rapists should be in prison longer than someone arrested for marijuana
 bank  smokepurrp  xxx  ki  wifisfuneral amp ugly god 
 all this weed i smoke all the money i make all this music i listen to. its all cooler than that fuckboyshit your man put you on
 a party aint a party if my niggas cant smoke
 you smoked recycled 
 some of yall really dont need to be selling weed thats disrespectful selling them small ass bags fr
 i see why i smoke now cause life is a bunch bullshit
 im trynna smoke
 nah dont really smoke 
 guy wreaking of cannabis dadthats skunk meno dad thats dadi know you know the difference  but thats skunk  grew up in the 70s my butt
 @joshboblitt @lordbooney @billjohnson16 i always use marijuana legalization. its like 60 of the pop now  and still nothing.
 well. i cant smoke for 6 months 
 same when u smoke with me  
 comin home to my weed 
 i. need. some. weed 
 havent napped in 4 days. havent smoked in a month. going on 3 weeks with no alcohol.....i feel like im in rehab tbh
 when you smoke sympathetic weed 
 when your landlord shows up randomly to change the filter on the heater after you just smoked hella
 dont smoke but that is kinda awesome lol@hippy @kaixcam
 i guess i just want ever be cute wheres the smoke @ mobile  alabama 
 theres always this random faint smell of marijuana whenever i listen to the grateful dead
 who wanna smoke n watch deadpool
 no ordinary cup of joe | company creates cannabis coffee pods in las vegas 
 @cnnbrk why dont we legalize marijuana on the federal level and provide funding for healthcare use the tax money on healthcare
 someone smoke with me
 love that weed   blowing ogs  
 sort of getting comfort pit of smoking weed and cherry glazerr
 who tranna smoke after work  hit me
 ion smoke at all and i rarely drink so neither 
 apparently after my surgery the nurse said wow you woke up fast amp i decided ya i smoke a lot of weed was the right response 
 to smoke a blunt or to take bong rips to the face  question of the night
 we smoke spliffs with some 96 cris
 swear it wasnt a good smoke sesh if no one tells abbie to hit the bowl
 cigarette smoke is her perfume
 listen to get smoked by ruck ration np on soundcloud 
 cleared construction on palisadesinterstateparkway sb from exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road to exit 10  germonds road
 ugh someone smoke me up on a blunt or buy me a drink
 helllll yea i smoke weed how da fuk im sposed to go to probation with my own pee
 over 100 years ago the triangle shirtwaist factory went up in flames near wsp. today i go there to smoke weed and drink four lokos
 going for a run. smoke coming out of my ears. 
 my car smells like marijuana
 dr. tony butterfield  a @uutah chemical engineering professor   shows off a smoke cannon to the village scholar l 
 @lilemailtrapper weed still gon be fire gay  straight  bi
 fact i hate running out of weed more than anything  even hitler. 
 @acoleworld just smoke a blunt lol
 generalmotors post record 4 annual profits now marybarra talks about propose labor cuts america stay focus watch smoke screens in dc
 green smoothie with spinach  banana  frozen pineapple and hemp seeds. drinkyourgreens vegan glow 
 how weed be making yall horny
 @noahzukowski i aint know you smoke whoa
 remember how trump voters loved their aca healthcare only to see it on the chopping block they like their legal weed too. sad sessions
 drinking a window seat by @baxterbrewing @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 captainsplatter @ seabolts smokehouse 
 somebody smoke dis blunt wit me...
 trust gets trust returned.. love is fluid.. being real or genuine  weeds out the negative people.
 ive never seen so much weed in my life 
 my roommate dont smoke weed so i know ima use his piss for my drug test 
 cant wait to get off work smoke a blunt and go home
 i spoke with plenty of trump voters this election season who think marijuana should be legalized and mass incarceration reversed
 i just some weed and ill be fine
 @leahespaulding yes thank you lots of smoke  crazy day
 you may have seen the smoke yesterday. tonight  the 1million dollars this business lost and what the owner is say 
 lets stay up late and smoke a jay.
 my eyes be red cause i dont get enough sleep but my grandma swear im a smoker lol
 every time i walk my dog and some guys are stopping by to pick up weed next door they always got some shit to say like leave me alone
 who want smoke @officiallytwist
 @hillaryclinton @seanhannity @oreillyfactor you lost  go smoke a cigar with monica..
 @clearwaymn are you concerned at all with smoking marijuana i know your focus is tobacco  but you dont have similar concerns for marijuana
 to face this l or find someone to smoke it with me 
 so yeah if youre depressed  ttpsen.wikipedia.orgwikifluvoxamine and weed if that doesnt work message me d
 i just want warm weather so i can have a fire  smoke cubans  and drink a beer
 lmao  boy hell nah you drink eampj straight and smoke backwoods w no weed 
 free smoke 
 someone just 100 seriously told a guy that smells like straight cigarette smoke that he smelled good amp he goes thx its marlboro reds why
 they got video of this 109 year old man on desus amp mero amp fool said he smoke 12 cigars amp drinks 4 cups of whiskey a day  he living
 lawmakers consider allowing hemp in treatment of epilepsy 
 so many things i want to rid my life of declutter also thinking i want to smoke a bong bowl of salvia 20x again like 09 maybe it was 2010
 ugh finally. the last time i tried to sell fake weed i got jumped. 
 everyone underestimates the infiniti until they get smoked 
 late night smokes 
 this guy hates weed 
 i made my insomnia wait til 5 am to smoke weed instead of 4. she responsible
 i smoke meh two   threes da dome wen  im alone
 i like coffee  i like skateboards  i like books  i like being in love  i like to dance  i like to smoke  i like art. i like me.
 i ate over 14 cup of weed butter yesterday in baked goods and im fine with that i just wish i had more for today 
 prosecute the corrupt in our government or resign.  stop unconstitutional asset forfeitures.  stop marijuana prosec 
 a gar with no weed who up rite na oh yea almost for got
 sex smoke amp vibe baby
 texas live announces addition of lockhart smokehouse 
        this smoked bacon from @butcherbox is everything  non gmo no sugar added and 
 i smoked so much in highschool that  i just dont really have the craving for it anymore  so much money that could have been car parts
 ima roll up some of this weed and pass it to you and we gon be soooo goneeeee
 oshawa chief fire prevention officer susan king says there doesnt seem to be working smoke detectors in home that 
 nobody saying if you smoke weed youre gonna look like you smoke crack. but the dependency of the drugs are very close together
 @vampiramonster billy was about to offer the chicken a last smoke before its execution  but thought what the hell its chicken.
 why are there the girls who dont ever smoke and then the girls who do all the above like theres no inbetween
 most people wait for 420 to smoke weed all day  i wait for 420 to be on the beach. 
 when your state legalizes weed 
 paw paw refuses to pick up this plastic flower pot outside because he likes watching it blow in the wind... paw paw do u smoke
 this is what @potus @jeffsessions lead @thejusticedept would have you believe about weed  
 via smoke signal 
 white and smoke two tone choli  @ irie tribal dance company 
 hearts on fire like the cigarettes you smoke when you drink
 i need to smoke 
 i smoke the kind of stuff that make the records go number one
 @weedfeed in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 smoking cigarettes can cause erectile distinction  which is yet another reason not to smoke
 would you not date someone because they smoke cigs
 i have been steady riding hydros and weed smoothies since tuesday. ive never had a more fun boring ass bus ride before.
 i still question daily how alcohol is legal but weed isnt
 the only reason my roommate gets out of bed anymore is to smoke cigarettes
 ready to go home eat chuckecheese supreme pizza and smoke with you 
 dinner @ taco bell in weed  ca 
 legalizeitwisconsin@gmail.com petition email address  we need 1 000 000 who love weed to help us im tired of being isolated because of weed
 this happened to me before  i hid weed from myself  couldnt find it anywhere days later it was in my roommates moms bible case
 alcohol killz weed healz
 i smoked my last blunt  this beer jus gone have to do
 you havent stared sweet death in the face until youve smoked a cig on the toilet  all the while ashing in between ur legs.
 im tryna smoke a eighth with some live resin
 swear parents be getting drugs mixed up. they be getting the effects of meth and weed mixed up and shit. smh
 9. weed or liquor
 @madelynxmonroe wanna smoke dope with me in venice
 get us some weed n some showz we aint riden n no ragely limoz
 this why i fw malcolm lol i came and told all my issues to this nigga and we just paused...started laughing and smoked a blunt 
 nadja uber driver told her when he smoked pot he knew he was gay lmao
 my criminal justice professor just asked the class how much a pound of weed costs... 
 went outside to smoke lastnight and seen one doing a handstand down the block 
 see our latest coldwater  ms job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 but lets keep waging the war on drugs against marijuana. 
 parks on other side of shadow while waiting for peighton so i can smoke
 @ontsecguy @ruthrogul @ctvtoronto hundred police run to close weed store  afraid to stand up to  real bullies we expect them to b firmer
 @222warlord just know when i do come we need to smoke heavy
 @tulsajeff i cannot get my bacon crispy on the smoker.
 she comin to drank and smoke some of this good dank then come back to my place   dont ask you already know
 ireland to legalise cannabis for specific medical conditions  via @guardian ireland medicalcannabis patients weed
 i want more girlfriends who smoke so we can chill  be cute  n shit
 im trying to smoke and get some food but no ones down
 bruh. dont let ur friends smoke off ur hookah these chics wylin
 @andreakbravo heat and smoke ...
  today amp tomorrows entre   crab stuffed shrimp wrapped in bacon or smoked peppercorn strip loin  add a bottle o 
 up in smoke.
 my mom was watching beyond scared straight and said look bad kids like you that smoke everyday...im not even bad
 @therealrvd not  what was i saying  i smoke too much herb and im working a @corpseofficial @sixfeetofficial interview  but i wanted to say
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmkkmhuff
 i be having hella weed lol
 someone deliver a quad straight to my doorstep and also chinese food but mostly weed
 i remember the last time i smoked i was stuuuuupid smacked amp i ordered dominoes amp i stood like 10 mins trying to decide how much to tip lmao
 some guy in a rainbow weed hat just tipped his hat at me like a cowboy lol
 i have too many dance parties in my car while i smoke cigs lmao
 i smoked weed ive never smoked weed ive tried that it would be like 2000 im so drunk
 just overheard my mom downstairs saying somethin about ella fuma marihuana and i was like 
 this is music smokey truly is a living legend gershwinprize
 @peoplesoracle the ball will really start rolling after sessions goes flyer legal weed. rich white are going to be pissed.
 im finna smoke 17 grams tonight  
 would yall rather drink  or smoke   or both 
 chicago s danandshay @ joes on weed st. 
 women  weed n weather
 people think they so smart but they can get smoked just like anybody else
 @thejennmayers @cockycunter twitter  run to the dentist and get those teeth fixed. you look like you chew rocks and smoke cigarettes
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash on friday 
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @feistyprincess4 @realtor0nursern @chriscuomo @cnn idiots both smoked too much of the wacky weed
 aint got no one to smoke one or pour wit me
 getting ready 4 smoke amp beer festival w a sofie mosa  drinking a sofie @ city roots   photo
 people be like i was so high that i tried getting in my house with my car key..... niggga wtf that wasnt the weed you jusy fucking stupid
 you should be more worried about who wanna let you borrow their weedwacker so you can handle that new growth 
 told yall. stop smoking that k2. the smoke aint look right breh. shouldnt be that white bro. 
 someone smoke this blunt with me
 wanna get friendo to smoke again but its gonna be a hard sell
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 smoky and moleey  drinking a mole smoke by @surlybrewing at @surlybrewing    photo
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 657715 melvin dr  need bulk pickup for mattress.
 trynna sell ya weed smoking lil ass blunts 
 why im always with some dreadheads she like niggas that smoke  my backwoods look like peg legs.
 im finna cop 2 gs and smoke by my damn self bruh
 keep moving smoke a raw amp say fuck em ahhhh 
 @jtlinder wd 13 dbq hempstead 13. halftime
 what are you smokin on 420 round these parts. @tahoecannabis  @702vcm @ vegas cannabis 
 1st  246 | now that is what i call a smoked meat sandwich  
 @thejoint42 can ya play richie spice marijuana
 this man is to be feared. again  find a pot smoker that voted trump and slap the ship out of them 
 i love when west oakland bart smells like weed
 omg it might be the weed but the pre chorus in carly  fever just made me cry
 theres nothing i love more then smoke with sarah
 i need marijuanas
 who wanna smoke with the bros  tired of looking st these ugly niggas lol 
 i cant trust someone who does xans but doesnt smoke weed. fuckin weirdos.
 he he hey there coolio kids you want to skidaddle outta here and go smoke the 420s 
 the worst kind people are the ones who brag about being high when we all know they just smoke seeds and stems 
 no more weed for awhile 
 me is that fog the boys damn dude we smoked a lot more than we thought we did 
 gas what i smoke nigga
 song got me through my last heart break tbh amp smokin 1 gram a weed @ a time 
 no ride home someone pick me up well smoke a fat ass blunt or something
 update theres weed in here too 
 hmu if you tryna smoke and match
 this why i smoke weed
 i really wanna sleep   but i also kinda wanna smoke .
 lol i smoke too much weed
 i smoke too much
 fucking burnt ass fooz blaming weed bc they cant get there shit together
 sunny sunday ahead  but road closure on state road 40 due to smoke from a prescribed burn 
 @xxxrachelroxxx id tashya salad on video for a pack of smokes 2 40oz budweiser and a 18 of sum kush id even burn one wya after lol
 theres a difference between a pot head and a nigga that smokes weed.. pot heads be so extra wit the shit
 why would someone have applewood smoked bacon when you can have mesquite smoked bacon
 omg my sister is talking about how she may need weed for her pains...and she was always the one to talk shit about it. who needs my help now
 posted up on the corner  movin that marijuana 
 @davidaxelrod  smoke and mirrors education  climate  every ism you can think of. all for 500b oil deal. matryoshka...
 asked my nigga why he smoked cigs amp he gon say i like the drag it gives me bruh nigga what  the drag get ya dumb junkie ass away from me
 i hate when people smell weed and come up on you all aggressive like arron what is that smell like its the end of the world or sum
 who the fuck came into my room last night and stole my weed
 just saw a guy blow a cloud of smoke right over his two children in a stroller. stay classy.
 trying to play with smoke  but its windy
 hit this weed cause it might come you down
 ppl never believe me when i say i dont drink or smoke
 im at old crow smokehouse  @oldcrowsmokehse in chicago  il 
 who want smoke wit me
 chain smokers 
 im on that molly weed and drink think i need a percocet
 @mikeljollett any spotlight on @drjillstein  all expense paid trip to kremlin in 2015  sat w flynn putin then auditthevote smokescreen
 hate that my mom smokes and my stuff always smells like cigarettes 
 21 pilots did not just beat the chain smokers and rihanna and drake 
 chain smokers
 chain smokers getting the shaft tonight grammys
 if the chain crack smokers win anything im ripping out my left nut
 this some of the best weed i had in a long time
 livepd..why are humans so stupid to think they can drive amp smoke potpot stinks amp its illegal to smoke amp drive.charge with em  wdui
 frustrated n wanna smoke
 a kickback with beers and a smoke circle with good people sounds perfect
 i want to smoke meth lol
 cmon habs channel your inner beyonce   and why is smoke coming out of my phone 
 breathe mommy this is good weed mommy 
 welp i guess its about that time to smoke a bowl lay in bed and watch stranger things until i fall asleep
 i be wanting to slap my weed man when he dont answer
 but i enjoy having my best friend as my roommate  we lowkey are in sync with a lot of shit amp we both smoke so everythings always a1 
 when someone ask who tryna smoke 
 light a flame  burn the end  that smokes going to send me spinningggg catch a buzz fall in love
 @theblackwook i just smoked and had a bowl of chili too were twins 
 @andyguy ill be looking to see if andy is capable of substantive discussion  but so far its smoke ring thin @scientiapercept
 @clarissvh break the weed ho
 i dead ass only smoked 2 ls yesterday ..
 like  whats next  whats that  whats up  i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 @whitneycummings taught 2 girls how not to be broke  so bad ass she showed snoop dogg how to smoke and helped kevin 
 havent smoked in forever   so when i do hit the blunt like twice i be high asfffffff 
 dublin alert  truck fire in view from our live camera  wb 580 @ dougherty rd. smoke and flames  slow lane. slowing 
 im outta weed and its snowing  great
 they just started counting streams on the internet for awards. smokepurpp an ugly god winning grammys next year wat 
 the girl that is sitting by me smells like straight cigarette smoke 
 i just know girls that smoke cigarettes gotta have the worst smelling pussy ever  like an exhaust engine
 brush pumper pulling in through the smoke to assist on a wildfire in moore  ok. 
 just realized i left my weed in mels car n im sad 
 this friday  feb  17th smoke chambers. hosted by @vindanko  10 badges gets you into the show amp after party 
 i just wanna smoke rn  lunch wyaaaa
 hahahaha mhs on lockdown hahahah hide your weed hide your grinders
 i just go to school smoke and mind my business 
 police peebles teens sickened after buying marijuanalaced candy at store. @fox19  
 @dukartbrady @tangelclappin one time this same girl put up a live feed of her and her friend smoking weed it was sick
 if smoking weed gets you high then why not go down on a bitch when shes rolling the pine
 im at lirr  lakeview station  @lirrdeals4u in west hempstead  ny 
 only reason this blunt aint lit is cuz idk what ima listen to while i smoke yet 
 gotta walk smokey to his house
 i love it when im in class and my shirt is itching the side of my stomach so i go to touch and see wtfig and its a nug of weed blessed
 my professor just asked me if i wanted to use weed  smh 
 free smoke next weeknd.
 do cigarette smokers have an emergency supply of cigarettes in case there an earthquake or something
 pizza n weed... its really valentines 
 cant wait to smoke and eat. this is so fucking annoying
 213 catch oven roasted sea bass  whipped sweet potatoes amp smoked bacon  sauted french beans  
 my dad just asked if i am putting marijuana in my vape
 best. brisket and wings. ever @ smoke bbq 
 sibley county. 32 cases of beer in lakeside weeds. the investigation continues. 
 making brunch at home... yummy apple wood smoked bacon and free range eggs applewoodbacon 
 would you believe me if i told yall i didnt smoke today lol
 pillow smell like weed
 now manheim central leads hempfield 3029 with 231 left barons ball
 blowin cloudsof the smoke
 wish i could smoke 247 without dying
 wish i was cool enough to be fat and sit around and smoke weed all day footfetish
 @whypery llah i stay running out i smoke to much and shit
 ohio fentanyl death grip expands beyond heroin to include cocaine  marijuana  via @fox8news opioids mortality
 good weed  good wine  good night.
 those nights where your roommate smokes you out 
 i actually think tomorrow ima just be naked in bed all day  admire my jelly rolls amp smoke a few blunts n eat lots of strawberries n chillll
 wish i can smoke... lolz
 okay i need someone to talk to while i smoke
 summit county has the highest rate of marijuanarelated er visits in colorado 
 but a friend with weed is better  
 @djcloutgod mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @hotlikefiree mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @markeenatherese mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @juhovahsc mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @peachieeeeee mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @yungkasso mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @riversidegunna mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @onlyonemyah mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @ayoodaedaee mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @shawtiithick mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @dntworkudnteat mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 mercedes metris front doors only rear windows factory smoked glass  llumar ceramic ctx 30 
 @carmiraadqaf mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @meepface when u get the good weed from vans hmu
 if valentines day was a real holiday youd be off school off work smokin weed gettin fucked up it aint no holiday b
 legal marijuana operations are finding space to grow and store their product by paying premium rents for warehouse space. @entrepreneur
 in and out of this pressure  sexing  smoke detector no smoke detected.
 i still cant believe how awesome and sweet my boyfriend is. he made his first drug deal just so he could give me weed for valentines day 
 girl i gotta smoke some weed bc u drive me crazy 
 1055 am  radar detecting smoke from a fire near hwy. 4 east of munson and north of baker. flwx nwfl 
 just drove past smokey bones 
 i want my skin to look like kehlanis but i know id have to give up dr. pepper amp probably weed too 
 retweet soundcloud like ohioartist listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 whos trynna smoke a blunt and throw the ol pigskin
 love amp smoke 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 wicked weed delivery today plus  blackberry farm king of fallen farm. @blackberryfrm 
 songoftheday  @zoeydollaz badtings .......  shwty do u drink or smoke  @ doubletree by 
 for 25 years i smoked tobacco and now i dont and more ill be forty soon  and i run three miles a ten minutes to f 
 bro my professor is like 60 and is currently talking shit about people who are against marijuana. hes real af 
 @realdonaldtrump legalize marijuana and tax it. it will boost approval rating  bring in tons of income and create jobs. simple.
 i need rare clothing to not cost 150... like 140 for that bianca chardon lover hoodie... you got my smoked.
 if they had a bong weed all get along 
 @dustinr3ed id never have no muthafuckin indo to smoke. 
 getting smoke in your eyes is the worst thing ever
 i cant even smoke a blunt lmfao why am i so sick
 i dont want no smoke  we good 
 valentines treat @ smoke jazz club 
 i wanna go to weed college  fuck alabama
 gonna smoke to that
 @7im @nytimes hard to see with all this damn smoke
 from two thousand amp fifteen to infinity  its still bomb weed amp hennessy
 where theres smoke  theres..  for petes sake just impeach him already.
 @thebinginengine true  but mozgov  ehh. im just saying the dude burns out quickly. and thats definitely a weed pun lol
 i dont even smoke and i need a blunt  smh this shit is horrible
 i just want smoke and fall on the bed
 lil cuz hit my phone n said come to the hood amp smoke sumn
 why does it smell like weed in rexburg...
 im a fuckin pot smoker not a stock broker thought i told ya
 i cant find weed this early
 not being able to smoke is making me open up more. i hate that shit
 roll some weed  let me ignite it.
 late night smoke sesh
 to be jew a long smoke stake to burn to my jew brother sisters we matter we walked line we matter i work insane hours still human be one.
 great deals on smoke amp co alarms for fca employees  firesafety
 @jeffrossen who needs the candle test i find out my smoke alarms work every time i cook dinner. 
 tryna have a large quantity smoke sesh this friday or saturday
 but ive never kissed a girl or smoked pot...
 i need to smoke
 i keep leaving half smoked bowls in my car and then reaching to pack a new bowl and finding it packed 
 me too  monday was the first time i smoked since ive been here 
 weed101 if dress a person out they smoke   if you stress them about smoking the smoking. just let them quit on their own. 
 blue light up smoke illusionled 
 jacob isnt answering and i want to smoke 
 can i pay an @uber driver to take me to get weed  smoke with me and be my friend cause thats the point im at rn.
 my car is so filthy. weed tobacco and henny everywhere
 setting up at jimbos  on hempstead in hockley getting ready to play at 5.  are you all coming out to give us a listen texasoutlawmusic
 my mufuckin throat hurt man   im literally about to stop smoking fr fr .. one i be mad asf buying weed two i need my weight back up
 it appears  there are anywhere from 619 to 1 288 parcels of land in lansing that could be eligible to have medical marijuana establishments.
 last night after dinner we sat in the rain and smoked one  perfect close to a gushy holiday. 
 you think they can put smoke me
 i dont chase females... i smoke too much my lungs bad
 im in the hydro store helping a friend with his weed set up. im like a kid in the candy store. 
 arlington is so ghetto omg i swear i just saw someone try to smoke a twizzler
 @indoctrinathan our podcast would smoke the liberal snowflake media 
 sucks when your out of weed and the connect is no where in sight
 holy shit i literally just want to smoke
 our whole apartment complex smells like weed amp im pretty sure im a little high right now
 i like girls who can smoke 
 need tomorrow to be over already. i want my life back. i wanna sleep again and eat and smoke and just relax. im so tired of studying
 me yeah ive smoked before and weed does nothing to me   guy whos name i forgot i got some coke in the car yo 
 lol now the house smells like weed hahha i ran inside had to turn that shit off 
 holy smokes alex looked fine af in our face time.
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 @6bird4 @wjdiaz1965 @breitbartnews sessions needs 2 convene grand jury 2 weed these traitors out fbi will investigate comey do your job
 lmao someone smoked weed in their dorm and gtpd is here. idiot
 you cant make me do anything i dont want too do except smoke another one
 i havent bought weed for almost a year.........
 @konng @neecaltxt im living on a cloud of smoke  
 psa to any cops reading this it is all relative i dont smoke actually lol
 im am not going all the way to shrewsberry just some weed tf
 i just wanna go smoke 
 cy scott speaking on technology and cannabis ccc2017 
 what smokeshow is trynna get wifed up at whisper tn
 havent smoked a cigarette in 40 days  neveragain
 @chasehardin2 was just throwing up this morning at 8  fell back to bed woke up at 10 and smoked a blunt.. feeling good now
 my weed. 
 @weedfeed has the cannabis industry entered the future of government by hiring lobbyists to petition for states that have not accepted weed
 i think somebody accidentally posted a booty pic in a groupme when they were tryna sell weed  and you cant delete it lmfao
 i went from selling coke to weed to edibles and now shirts thats how you know im trying to do good in life
 so i invited my cop friend to a smoke sesh and he looked at me dumb as hell lmfaoooo
 to be honest i have no expectations when it comes to trap music. i just want something i can smoke and vibe too...
 i smoked before i came to school and im about to pass out
 i had to write an essay on legalizing marijuana  im 3 pages deep in one hour 
 ma your man a bird he went thru your phone and found out you cheated on him with the weed man..you passed him the j he said he quit smoking
 @followintodark ha true story theyre well into their craft cannabis phase
 i dont like to do any running around when i get off so i get my bottle and my bag of weed on my lunch break.
 i need a dispensary because im always looking for certain strands of marijuana  and that type of thing isnt popular in north carolina
 bout to smoke a fat pound of grass  and fall on my ass faster then a fat bitch that sat down too fast
 @barryisfunny ran out of weed damn it thanksjoel
 my wc my fun side n a lover of all n live b a weedy comeedy tweety so hear to twitter me out  twitter me this as twitter me that birdee 
 this nigga sleep when im trying to smoke. now accepting applications for a new lil brother
 @timlanning wait no im walking through porter. am i the weed smell now 
 someone said her weed smell like privilege  
 i smoke blunts on the regular fuck when it counts tryna make a million off a quarter ounce 
 dont ask me to come chill and smoke with you  like no 
 i dont pay for weed  i dont get smoked out either  i dont fuck for weed  i dont ask for weed   weed is given to me as a reward for my beauty
 going to pick up wings...yall should roll up some weed me amp @wavemmlz giving yall the documentary via blckdynomite.con 
 my dad is at cannacon in seattle right now bc he sells software to weed growersdistributors    incredible
 @snapchatsupport please let me save other users videos so i can save @parishilton snaps to laugh at when im on weed  okay thanks.
 @atfhq lots coc dealers over the counter weed it as pend orille county lied and under g meth a doses are getting in cocking and over ds md r
 my mom said only stoners buy weed to hide the smell of the marijuanas
 im not smoking weed anymore and i have so much time for activities now
 akron smokes mids
 will smoke turd in afterlife for this   but hope domestic natural disaster  makes 45 look the foolheis  b4 he can gin up reichstagfire
 i just said like a coughers smoke 
 i really dont smoke or drink. some call that boring 
 ermagherd @stonehousereds chowder has dashi  dungeness crab  smoked salmon and pork belly rillette. 
 need girlfriends who smoke as much as i do  where my ladies at
 if you smoke cigarettes  you will get kicked in the nuts   by me @tjmartinez21
 i need his weedman too 
 i  think  there  should  be  a  movie  theatre  you  can  smoke  cigs  in
 off now time to smoke. yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas  @carrowine
 all i see on sc is weed and lipstick
 i skanked my hear out to @lessthanjake drank beers and smoked weed w my best friends its been a great birthday
 burn this weed than im gonna finish ting up in zombies
 i need to smoke but my mom smells everything 
 @kkevnn i dont smoke. i appreciate  the earth lol
 its weird eating in kentucky because you can still smoke in a lot of the restaurants
 all white girls do is smoke cigs and post snapchats w the dog filter dont @ me
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 40384124 the alameda  trash full. 
 is the person responsible 4 ur twitter handle  a smoking weed b completely insane c really stupid or  u guys got 
 security tried to gimme a 100 ticket for smell of weedtook that shit to the gm and had it ripped up. tried tf out me
 this is our madeinhouse smoked sausage. come try some today 
 youre my lighter to my cigarette watch me smoke
 man i wish i hadnt quit smoking weed. i wish i had a blunt rn.
 degrom smokes one off a tee. griffeyesque 
 bogo today on them pulled pork sandwiches. bogo pulledpork bbq @ the smoke n pig bbq 
 @datkidrasheed yeah  youre right. imagine the number if it was a week long holy smokes.
 kinda day you just want smoke a joint and go for a walk 
 you look blazed off some potent reefer mikey 
 when your having a bad hair day but still a really good day  tapfordetails @ smokehouse 
 your pets can now medicate with medicalgrade cannabis stop by and get your own bottle today 
 um who want smoke me or you  
 i have 5 female friends amp everybody else i fw are niggas. i smoke  ride amp fight with niggas.
 i know a pot smoker thats lookin for a witch. whats good 
 everything is gray his hair  his smoke  his dreams
 holy smokessbxdbhdh
 romeo y julieta wide churchillshabana   fine draw  smooth and elegant smoke. cigar cigars 
 im literally too lazy to go buy weed rn..... lmao whats wrong w me
 mfs smoke because they think its cool  though  
 idk how many blunts i smoked i lost track 
 accidentally smoke the dutch to my head with a group of people
 some guy wanted to tip me with weed at the drivethru.....
 need weed
 my favorite movie friday i still smoke swishers
 lets smoke weed and chill 
 this is some dank ass weed bro
 women  water  weed  oil
 never smoke with out eatin u will trip out 
 i need weed 
 nomore smoke sessions at my crib 
 niggas kill they own kin for clout money pussy weed. fuck wrong with yall bitch asses. give life first. yall insane. 
 ive wanted to do a smokey eye for a week and since i decided to wear a graphic tee it would complete the outfit. 
 having pneumonia makes me that much more happy im not a smoker. having trouble breathing is the worst.
 weed workshop introduces ont. seniors to world of medical marijuana 
 my fantasy has always been im stuck on a deserted island with books and weed
 @octavious707 whattup bro its rich from the weedbus
 i wonder whos been smoking meth and whos been smoking weed i can taste and smell both off and on 
 i love my grandma but i hate smelling like smoke.
 2 hour paid break  someone scoop from work and lets smoke downtown
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   muncie  in job
 @cmatthewturner  its an unenforcable law ... but  they could be charged if the fd came and determined they smoked.
 need weed in my life  
 @laronnie visited the dominican riviera uptown with smokey and i today... dominicanriviera 
 @itsfoodporn im convinced they put some marijuana in there or something if thats how they gonna advertise it
 my grandma smoke the loud pack.
 chocolatetown last game was 8th gr final  hershey vs. hempfield  went 2ot  check @joeycorado pass to davey loyd fo 
 will someone pls smoke with me i think im gonna die
 fifty shades of grey is like soft porn  but socially unacceptable to pull your dick out and rub one off  smokey
 pharma anti cannabis campaign donations to slow down process of med marijuna  quacks like a duck maybe so  
 somebody wanna come thru amp smoke w me orrrr
 a kind word  gesture is like a beautiful flower upon the weeds of negativity choosetobeaflower makesomeomebloom 
 how many times did you smoke this week 
 im in boston town if you wanna smoke some dmt. @blastrobyte
 worcester massachusetts vaguely smells of weed but hey im not complaining
 @thewalkingdead  smokey and the bandit semi trailer. nice touch
 creole white beans amp rice with sausage amp  smoke turkey with served with barbecue ribs
 is the truck daryl and richard are hiding behind the same truck jerry reed drove in smokey and the bandit @walkingdeadamc thewalkingdead
 @uomorana update i may have smoked a joint and i am watching star trek wrath of kahn
 it might be late but im getting at these smoked ribs. 
 lyin ass fuck nigga smokepurrp aint want no static migga was hush his mand pulledout the stap to my face i said shoot me nigga nothin
 if you smoke  drink  fuck  or eat  you still gonna die. so you might as well smoke  drink  fuck  and eat all the shit you want to.
 overheard at the station random guy no i dont smoke any weed i live in maui
 dam im trynna smoke sum
 off  time to smoke this tweed good morning
 i just walked into one of my pts room and caught her eating a handful of marijuana...i cant even anymore tonight. 
 i just wanna smoke 
 not for my personal items tho cause thats awkward asl but like when i smoked with dude i let him pay for the blunts and weed
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 if u smoke cigs  dont smoke them inside of my house u rude ass bitch
 if you smoke weed because you think its cool.... you are the worst.
 my fav thing about this school is that people say shoot dang and holy smokes unironically
 my mom supports literally everything i do... just gotta her on the weed train 
 how do people smoke roaches
 im eating smoked almonds during this all day budget meeting like 
 why is there a kid standing on the corner of hoover holding a sign that says im the dumbass that smoked weed and got expelled
 in ohio finally just gotta get to my hotel so i can smoke my brains out and nap
 whomst tryna smoke some g fuel
 with a special lady. on the smokeymountains @ smokey mountains 
 im drug free  i dont smoke weed 
 spartanette fundraiser5 dinner  before last bb gameincludes smoked pork loin sandwich chips dessert drink. tuesday 221 5730 swhs cafe.
 kelsey just told her dad to smoke dick 
 im pretty sure my parents know i smoke weed but they just havent mentioned it to me
 i need weed
 babe said i can smoke   but im really questioning do i want to anymore 
 i have my best smoke sessions with my boyfriend
 yea i smoke penises all of the time  
 make sure your weed jar always nice and full  
 i hate living w ppl that dont wanna ever just hang out or do cute things or just sit w me n smoke a cig
 he died. up when my boyfriend broke up with me. down when all i did was work amp see friends. up when i smoked amp partied a lot
 ab729 new nonmedical marijuana licensee regulation. 
 i wanna go to sleep but i need sum dope where the fuckin weedmans
 wow  ive been smoking alot latley. i should probably stop that. chain smokes 3 cigarettes
 @jewiwee i dont smoke blunts with anyone but my bf so ill hella take more than 2 hits
 i should go smoke a fatty
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacaaaation 
 @x0x0kaylaa whens ur spring break if its the same as mine  smoke session 
 bitch at least when i pulled all nighters painting i had 5 periods to go to sleep for and a smoke session after school
 when you finally get to take the first hit of weed for the day after a long shift at work
 i know its bad when i smoke and im still upset about it....
 when i do smoke i always smoke alone
 @irlbaabe how  wouldnt you agree most drugs are a lot more harming and dangerous than weed 
 dont smoke at all. 
 i should probably smoke more weed. insomnia has ruled my life for way too long
 shout out to my weedman 
 they start looking smoked out 
 is that smoke smell is sarasota and bradenton the polk county fires
 told myself i wasnt going to wear eyeshadow today does a dark smokey eye oops...
 sweden charitable to accept th syrians. lets listen to facts watch what he does. hes using fake news as a smoke screen. so much chaos.
 1 motivation for synthetic marijuana use among surveyed idoc prisoners curiosity.  twill 
 the storm trooper this menu staple has been rocking for years smoked salsiccia  parmesan alfredo with parmesan  b 
 havent smoked in a week someone shoot me
 thingsisayaftersex do you smoke after sex idk i never looked
 another hot topic of discussion covered by jennifer and michelle  the legalization of marijuana and how it effects the workplace
 he reps broward amp he smokes sour what do you do
 this weed not loud enough for what im feeling.
 @1future music be having me want to smoke up all my gas 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 at first i didnt let myself inhale  but smoke got through and so did you 
 friend tryna smoke me hell yea  lets match friend i was hoping you had some me 
 i just want to smoke my life away today. today is just one of those days. 
 overly dense weed be making me so suspicious 
 facts. i smoke them shits a lot 
 twp 15 hemp 14.  2 37 to go
 @koryg10 @coachtomherman if marijuana were legal  hed be in the hof 
 i wish cali had legal weed 
 bottles amp weed aint cutting it i need a whole jolt. who got me
 @jordan3mvp i dont want no smoke  now nephew. im a fan .
 i just burped and smoke came out and i havent smoked in like an hour
 if your down just smoke a bowl and do some pushups itll cheer ya up
 so... its 1130pm. amp i decided to smoke in my dorm room.
 i was about to go outside to smoke but my mom went outside to smoke so im gonna wait until shes back inside
 richmond va virginia likely to ease rules on marijuana wwbt nbc12 newsjan 30  2017
 only person that inhaled more smoke than snoop is pete davidsons dad in the world trade center sorry shaq ik thats your fav buildin to climb
 anime an weed anyone lol
 some shit richie would do when hes on weed @ricardogmez52 
 we should play poker with weed as our chips     @kingjsversion
 dude shoulda never fw you so i never got caught with weed  
 great mixtape to smoke too @thejuelzsantana  
 woke up just to smoke 
 bout to jus stay up n smoke dope
 s james okeefe about to smoke cnn tells hannity hes set to release hundreds of hours of newsroom footage wikileaks style.  goo james
 @nbcnews trump wants to revive conservatism  marijuana president barack obama for eight years  leaving the united states out of morality
 someone slide to newman and help me w this paper and ill smoke you out of something please
 i hate when people take snaps n videos of them smoking n blowing smoke in the camera like u look dumb not cool.
 this pregnant bitch just got out of her car at sonic to smoke. so smoking is okay for your baby but not for your car  momoftheyear
 the pruitt emails confirm that another cartoon villain is in the trump admin.   waiting for lester lightbulb  smokey amp greenzo to rise up.
 a white man with an eye patch and a sling just walked up to me and asked me for a cigarette. i told him that i dont smoke.
 yet  this stranger drunk off budweisers high off someone elses weed said something that pierced my soul in ways family amp friends could not.
 @openmediaorg @acurrie no  no  this is all wrong.  cinderella is supposed to turn into a pizza and a sixpack  with your postcoital smoke.
 all i smoke is killa
 @1070bee @ewt79 @lesleyabravanel @hillaryclinton @potus.   why dont you smoke some more  pot .
 brantford police guard the cannabis culture at 248 colborne st west from patients  customers  
 im hungry amp wanna smoke 
 we deserve a smoke break
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 who wants to drive around  blast music  and smoke some beezys
 nigga take shot at me im leave bih in gun smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1622 moreland avenue baltimore  send message. 
 @nycjim or worse deadly marijuana inside a nuke
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 a fun game to play in atlanta traffic is sniffing out which car the marijuana smell is coming from
 all this smoke cant be healthy 
 @ericbolling @towncartaxi @morningjoe free ebook marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine  hemp
 james harrison was in smokey bones and no one noticed him hes slick
 im at smoke modern barbeque in charlotte  nc 
 i keep going to tweet who wants to smoke a blunt but then i remember a blunt gets me higher than half of a blunt and i hate people
 i bet you the first ever chief used to smoke 
 i wanna know where my cat gets her weed.... 
 we are so easily distracted by the smoke screens that the masters of man kind put out in front of us some really evil shit is going down
 okay so who here is gonna give me some weed and a beautiful pipe 
 narcotics fuck with my body so much amp i cant convince my dr to stop prescribing them and giving me a medical marijuana card instead.
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gonr forget you
 smoking good weed by the shoreline open up your thoughts
 i got a white screen amp projector in my backyard   i wanna put on some naruto and smoke 
 i cant even smoke my car not here 
 just tryin to smoke ...
 this is just a moonlight soaked  ring of smoke  right hand on a cold one confession
 no weed  but i do have whiskey
 2am smoke sesh i guess.
 why does the bathroom smell like weed before 7 am hahahahah props to whoever is sparking up before finals
 doctors refusing to operate on smokers. remember when they smoked in the hospital pepperidge farm remembers 
 this guy was caught with two lbs of cocaine and 20 lbs of marijuana and someone in facebook said free bro.  20 pounds
 holy smokes always watch that rear view 
 @jforma @judetruth i used to trade my whole lunch except the cookies and the choco milk  shit was like selling weed b lol
 im addicted to smoke nigga ima drug addict pill poppin hood nigga
 as a kid i always pretended to be biletnikoff...although i didnt smoke i too was slow...but couldnt catch worth 
 @sach328 come pick meamp ryan up we can smoke illegal things
 i think hatred of this vile weed can bring our country back together. 
 you got ya dirty ass feet on my couch and smokin motherfuckin weed in my house
 ppl who smoke spice or dust will slit your throat 100
 @cnn @ak2webd3 lol and they wanted to blame marijuana for the drought. allah flooded the blocc.
 if u find a weed stem on u its good luck
 98.6 of all skinny truck drivers smoke meth.
 free smoke  anybody want it  they can get it  no joke  @drake 
 my weed so loud  it will scream in your ear @daniellelynn181 @nickabutler @shanevogler @thestorysocodz @tmo996 
 ughhh im broke till monday and i just smoked the rest of my weed
 @nbcnews what brand of crack does he smoke
 if you believe in returning power to the states  shouldnt you unilaterally be for states being allowed to legalize marijuana right 
 ive been at wdw for 3 days this week. my sister and i fake smoked a cig to honor my grandma who loved disney amp cigs 
 @hanamkim can you reach out to state representatives regarding possible increased enforcement of recreational marijuana
 im jus tryna rock designer and smoke out the bag 
 @thomhartmann good luck with that. between deputizing cops to enforce deportations and marijuana laws  their plates will be full
 @mullymt @tomperez well  fine. were getting lost in the weeds here. you like her  i like him. how about them primary rigging tho  
 @grt8ness2017 it might make you free but it wont set you free.  florida cannabis grower in jail legalnamefraud constitution writ on hemp
 my mom doesnt smoke  kinda conservative and christian but i want her to experience some live music and see what it feels like.
 on that old dirt road i lit my first smoke and i knew right then it wouldnt let me go
 we gonna blow smoke in the sky till we cant open our eyes
 just cause you sell weed doesnt mean youre a drug dealer
 .@realdonaldtrump back to using forprofit prisons and having the doj crack down on legal weed all you care about is money
 ugh i need new people to follow on snapchat. who can i follow i perfer females bc all niggas do is smoke and flex
 fuck donald trump im moving to australia. yall better have some good weed down there 
 fuck legal weed anyways... what yall think was gonna happen
 march   im putting the smoke down and hitting the gym
 anyone trynna smoke this backwood w i.
 im tired of hearing weed is bad from people who never smoked it. most of the time their either cigarette smokers or pill poppers
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 im scared to let my little brother babysit esco i dont want him to smoke around him or have him in nobody dirty house
 this deserves an all caps...why are people so freaking stupid this is not a federal issue just like the weed  
 lifes short smoke a port
 so weed 4 keepin me on this meaningless rock to suffer until i cease to exist amp be forgotten 4 the rest of eternity
 @cannabisbiznews marijuana is  t h e  alternative to billions of dollars in doctor x pills
 v excited to smoke this bowl and eat this pizza
 this weed is dank
 i smoke my weed and mind my damn business.
 why is it a problem when females smoke 
 sean spicer seemed to tie marijuana use to opioids. the evidence isnt on his side.  alternative facts
 @beenurfave  interesting. want some weed
 @realdonaldtrump can you do something useful like legalize marijuana nation aids please and thank you
 @aaronsxl there is virtually no documented  respected scientific connection between cannabis use and opiate addiction. its dare bullshit.
 @realdonaldtrump maybe should blame the fire  not the smoke alarm.
 @nbcnews dont believe cgrps r better than cannabis in fighting migraines long term without bad side effectsadverse reactions . period
 right. because the handful of transgender children who cant defend themselves is defending states rights issues  but marijuana isnt....
 if u smoke u die  if u drink u die  if u eat u die  if u love u die  no matter what u die  so do whateva u want homie cuz u gon die anyways.
 the great marijuana debate in 7th grade.
 @6abc maybe look into why a lot of nj police dont know the cumma laws and still arrest medical marijuana patients 
 just wanna hang out with friends and smoke
 @ranchodinero not a whole lot of support for recriminalizing weed in conservative circles. in fact much the opposite imo.
 think the timing is a coincidence this coming at the same time session wants to crack down on pot smokers amp legal 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3609 centre place baltimore  send message. 
 well i found a bag of weed on todays walk 
 rubinfused american cheese smashburgers on a toasted bun with smoked tots  10   tonight at the taproom 
 @jayski youre allowed to smoke while driving now hes good 
 hes gonna sniff weed
 i mean i dont smoke or anything.. but marijuana should be decriminalized for sure. 
 cigarettes need to be banned not weed ...
 @adamv680 @itsgabrielleu oh like they do with marijuana heaven forbid someone wants to get high 
 i work in a lodge in a colorado ski town. guests choose colorado over utah  idaho  because of rec marijuana. its g 
 and in further news  president trump enforces marijuana enforcement...see prison industrial complex  prison to scho 
 boys that smoke cigs  tha hell you thinking 
 lunch brought to you by kim jong smokehouse. the pine street market has a bit of everything. portland 
 they doin a firedrill amp room check while people are in class they gon be mad as hell when their weed and alcohol gets confiscated
 geedy weedys 
 anyone not willing to die to fight this enemy should be charged with treason. we must fight the thc terrorists.  were in state of hemp hell
 please tell me the bus driver isnt a smoker .. 
 only garden they have down there is a weed garden 
 check out the smoked meatloaf sandwich w pickles onions  cheese and mustard aoli. did i mention bacon 
 dope smoke with the homies @0nlyliveonce @rollingstoneran
 @talentinklany the weed is all free   
 so glad its friday bout to smoke and have good vibes with bae
 once i was on a date and the guy goes i have nothing else to talk about so im just going to smoke a cigarette
 this weed taste like platinum
 much needed smoked butterscotch latte. @ starbucks in las vegas  nv 
 i may not drink so much alcohol to get kidney failure but i can smoke the shit outta some weed. 
 just wanna smoke and sip the henny till im seeing double
 come through weed 
 its too bad trump cant figure out how to invest in rec cannabis. sorry. idiot is in charge of the dea. if hes not making  watch out.
 i smoked one blunt amp had one edible.. been high since 1.
 yall not really smokers 
 im just going to sit here and stair you down until i get another treat  smokey the pooch  chihuahua 
 all these morons getting triggered over weed but will go drink...ill never understand
 smokers  whether its cigarettes or weed. biggest turnoff ever. rt @vh1kae name nonsexual turn offs
 once i smoked this dope i knew you would turn on me
 ive never smoked a cig ive only ever blasted cigs  @andyonhere
 @kittycatkaty smoke a blunt 
 @rogerjstonejr @realdonaldtrump i live in wa state amp marijuana helped my bf w ptsd depression and anxiety more than any rx. legalize it.
 i thought the indoor pool was such a good idea  right until i busted my ass and messed up my shoulder  dont drink  smoke  and swim kids.
 how can people go to sleep wo weed 
 bill in congress could protect colorados marijuana laws 
 @smerconish its a game of smoke and mirrors trump stirs controversy in order to draw attention away from fact and truth.  keith butcher
 @hittheswan or wild thought you could hang out with the friends who dont smoke and love you just as much.. just a thought
 @kingmavv  im still out here pussy. link up. i got free smoke for u bitch
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 10 wheeler avenue baltimore  dirt 
 magical challenge. overnight manifest matured living cannabis sativa indica medical grade weed with 9 plain clothed 
 best brunch ever. no pictures of the food  because we were too busy eating. but holy smokes was 
 provided beef for acf colorado chefs association presidents awards dinner this week. great job rolling smoke bbq
 i just wanna smoke a blunt in the bath while watching avatar the last airbender. is that too much to ask
 i really want nic to smoke remy 
 drinking wicked weed  waiting for more wicked weed kegs to be tapped taptakeover 
 if weed didnt smell my life would b so much easier
 gotta love the espn app  for being the world leader in sports yahoo smokes you in technology 
 left my weed which means i cant even smoke to calm myself down rn wow im so lucky.
 man ion smoke like that lol. how many times i gotta tell you lol 
 @kysportsradio now smokes voice is starting to squeak and oh god im getting old.
 holy smokes its beautiful outside in tempe today
 one day this guy will fly to paris to get smoked 
 never give fobs weed. ever.
 i just want to smoke god damn
 since we started manchester by the sea we ate dinner  sam napped  we got weed delivery  jeremy amp lauren came over amp left  amp its still on..
 so cold ion even wanna walk to my car to smoke this blunt ...
 welcome to my new ig here ill share some of my best sex and cannabis wisdom  links to my 
 cant wait till we smoke  gone b my first blunt all day
 mom  please  wake up dads with a slut and your son is smoking cannabis
 no smoke amp mirror tactics lets get to the raps 
 just wanna cute boy to workout with and go laser tagging with and smoke with and have sleepovers and to do homework together thanks
 only bad thing about living on the bluff is that my room smells like weed 60 of the time
 finished jojos bizarre adventure series one. i would vote for smokey.
 paging richard smoker @bobandtom @bobkevoian  @donniebaker1 
 sunday...im thinking of a quick brunch  1 hour sun session  nap and then smoke signals tonight.
 @lindseypelas i would love to watch you smoke a cig 
 i havent smoked weed in 3 months
 okay i smoked a half ounce in three days i need to slow down
 one weekend with me turned you into a cigarette smoker. one weekend 
 i just wanna live in california with 10 cats amp a lot of weed  who said it 
 why should our tax dollars be pissed away on illegal activities like sanctuary cities and marijuana  
 happy birthday homie smoke a fatty for me @cosanostrajxy
 can you recommend anyone for this job cook i  the smokehouse full time   hospitality isleofpalms  sc
 i need to smoke a blunt 
 i have enough weed for a dutch but i have no fucking dutch. i have not smoked since 10 this morning. smfh
 @maddiepotts @briannalaheta youre marijuana comments are what gets me
 all these problems man somebody get that weed lit ball 
 in the smoke of the sting @ westminster presbyterian church in washington  dc  
 high off weed and lots of gin
 seeing lots of smoke maybe from downtown  hard to tell. anyone know
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   clarksburg  wv job jobs
 i just wanna smoke 
 @julessu his kids are the aides. msm keeps saying the aides were in daily contact.so why you think hes tossin smoke bombsseanspicer asked
 @nannisss344 i washed my weed  kill me now ahaha 
 time to be productive. which includes long islands and grub at smokeys 
 me if i was able2 smoke weed wo having 5 separate panic attacks ampor staring blankly @ the wall rt @nicholaslperez @sailoremma emma stoner
 @princesspoppin l you got thirstiest thats typical lame nigga with weed but im talking annoyingaf. i dont want your money annoying
 i ate three weed brownies today and passed out for five hours 
 i just smoked a blunt w ya gf
 i just worked for 10 hours straight running around non stop with no breaks so now ima smoke a fat bowl and use the massage chairs @ my gym
 i dont cuss   smoke   drink   sneak out   or have sex .. lol damn anyone wanna introduce me to their parents
 i dont see why alcohol is legal but marijuana isnt
 and to think i was juss tryna smoke my weed with you and feed you lol jokess
 you can lose everything tenants medical marijuana growop costs landlord insurance 
 @realdonaldtrump actually djt caps  a smoke screen  and obvious anger this is what he decided was the most important thing to say today.
 why would anyone have weed in their car at school...smh
 we deserve a smoke break
 my dad said yesterday if i could take back all of the money ive spent on weed in my lifetime  id be a fucking millionaire
 this kid in my study group just pulled out a bag of weed in the middle of the learning center 
 i got weed delivered to the @bostonglobe for a story. youll never guess what happened next. mapoli bospoli 
 what not to say in a texas smoke shop video. lifestyle videos 
 i wanna smoke a bowl but im so lazy
 boi my mom said i must b living life since im able to spoil myself  buy weed  pay for school and get a car lmao
 im the friend who makes u smoke blunts and eat swensons after u get back from the gym 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3423 noble street baltimore  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 111 cherry hill road baltimore  send message.
 can you imagine if somebody with my skin disease was on lost id be waving around smoke monster treats by hour 2
 who want be my uber everyday gotchall with the gas amp ill smoke with yall.  wassup
 if wisconsin could legalize medical marijuana that would be amazing because taking 10 pills every time i have a migraine is ridiculous
 does anybody have information about the smoke in burke @fairfaxpolice @fairfaxhealth @fairfaxfiredpt
 bc the weeds are too high 
 south hempstead ny mon mar 6th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 tryna smoke  not tryna roll
 now i got 2 bad bitches passing me the weed
 she said all you amp @saucebreakkiid do is smoke weed .. well.. amp get money   
 slow smoked pulled pork. homemade slaw  and mac and cheese. 
 wire tapping  election fraud  crowd size  snl  hamilton the musical... all smoke and mirrors to deflect from the investigation into russia.
 hoping bae is working now so i can just walk over and smoke the car out  thank god our jobschool is at the same spot next to each other 
 not sure if i should smoke this outside or in my car 
 told this guy yesterday that i didnt smoke and he said  damn  you not even interesting anymore  
 bro im so butt hurt today and i know its only bc i havent smoked weed today but im 20 and cant buy a backwood or papers 
 where theres smoke 
 i wanna smoke
 i am so damn tired but cant fall back go sleep because i absolutely hate the smell of smoke 
 @thatkevinsmith just watched  ep 10 twd.fuck that was the original smokey and the bandit trailer daryl was fighting behind.
 all i do is smoke blunts and sigh
 chen is throwing smoke.
 i smoked weed for the first time in well over a year yesterday and now i cant stop. im like a fifteen year old giggling w the munchies
 flip tha purp n smoke tha og
 @foxnews  where there is smoke their is a lot of flames on the dems side
 taking a break on weed.. gotta get my minded right.
 on the last bit of weed getting super high  reminiscing on when it was just you and me 
 whats up with white girls at woodland high selling weed all the sudden. 15 8ths hmu... no
 if she dont smoke crack i dont want her 
 @kenzilauryn19 holy smoke you actually decided to come back to class
 @yummyyydap i dont smoke you got niggas so go do you
 smokin weed rolling weed  im blunted
 when your room smells like weed 
 @juniormiller lots of the panhandle still on fire @gordonkeith very strong smoke in lubbock and south plains. 
 @juicyfishtaco aw lt3.i dunno  weed  effexor are like the only thing swings me away from depression. its not an ideal trade off
 @charlescwcooke @davidmdrucker even ground up this shit dont smoke
 i smoke so much the ashes startin to burn on me
 i need some new people to smoke with i hate facing thats shit gets old.
 todays daily feature is pomodoro base with grana padano  smoked gorgonzola  diced bacon  
 finna smoke this pressure and eat me some chicken tenders from popeyes.. 
 if my car smells like smoke when i get in  im killing hunter and eric
 god dammit i wish my mom wasnt a dick about weed  whats wrong with smoking on vacation or like baking with cannabutter  try new things ma
 i used to drive to a smoke shop on mill ave to buy tickets to raves back in high school goodolddays
 this thread is fantastic. also @geniusree i own a grill and a smoker and can operate both like a pro. 
 current weather in lehigh acres smoke  77f 53 humidity  wind 11mph  pressure 1024mb
 @raymondtvland its pat smokes. oh my gosh one funny after another. to many to count. hank and pat so funny. he does fireworks she smokes.
 my favorite things about spring break in morgantown are not smelling weed when i step outside of my apartment door and no traffic 
 watching @dsmooove amp all i could say is he a smoker 
 i cant wait to live in a house where every time i cook something the smoke alarms doesnt go off 
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin
 oh hey  elevation. mile high etc. i thought that was just a weed reference.
 the new american gothic. also... smokey is packing serious heat. what a detail to include... fightfirewithfire 
 my smoke detector wont stfu
 @redneckbugg91 @jdo916 @bipolitics its like trying to talk to a smoker...and telling them that cigs are dangerous..its futile
 b220161 new medical marijuana certified business enterprise preference amendment act of 2017 
 i hate sneaking outside to smoke lmao im almost 20 years old. 
 every time i turn the heater on in my car it smells like straight weed. idk why
 i just dont get it  i dont smoke so i cant fye yall up
 you gotta smoke outta papers  better than blunts lol . you really get lit  
 @unknownpenguin i see what you did there. maybe we can remind him that she smoked like a chimney  so he should  too.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @marcorubio total smoke amp mirrorsrepeal amp no replacementacagtplanhad 8yrs amp no plangopgtdisingenuous sociopathspathological liars wo doubt
 @knxwledge happy b day my guy . smoke good. eat good. live good
 lets smoke
 pet owners treat sick animals with cannabis 
 she dont even smoke  just hits it once when she light it
 its all a mind thing tho  i refuse to let anything especially weed get in the way of my bread 
 i hope my husband doesnt smoke.
 damn my car still smells like marijuana. my mommas gonna kill me.
 i care bout the lil homies  painting  weed  beaches and tacos and deadass nothing else
 selling 10 grams out of a ounce of weed does not make you a drug dealer .
 how about the fact that the declaration of independence is drafted  on hemp paper hemp
 headed to colorado and gonna get some weed finally bout an 855mile drive for some shit 
 i hate the weed man that walk up to you sayin i got that gas
 if anyone wants to smoke .. feel free to hit my phone
 my coworkers smoked me out before work now im just high asf .
 clovis nm wed mar 8th pm forecast tonight smoke lo 43 thursday smoke hi 80
 empress @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 if you use the drivethru window at a gas station for beer or smokes and youre not handicapped i automatically hate you lazy p.o.s.
 @theman94 @sonimsleep ill believe it when i smoke it my g
 when your family talks shit about you smoking all the time so you smoke to get the stress away 
 i need friends who smoke wyaa
 id say for me weed kept me skinny
 i wore some weed socks to class today. my professor goes you better stop smoking that shit  its not good for you 
 thats gon be a hard pass from me bitch  smokes boys less go
 im so sad i smoked all my bud now im going home to nothing sos
 im in luv wit de weed man
 party aina party if my nig cant smoke 
 everyone that smokes hella weed got thick after high school.
 finally got some weed and im so happy  
 you get holy weed 
 hemp cbd oil is one of the pros of marijuana i have right shoulder pains ampit helps so much. also it does not get you high relax legalizeit
 people swallowing weed cause the dogs here 
 just a peek at our @certangusbeef house made pastrami coming out of the smoker beautiful stuff 
 watchin movies in the jacuzzi smoke lsss while ya do me 
 hey can you give me dollar amount me  ummm didnt you smoke yesterday  wrong one my guy 
