 why does hanceville still smell like weed lmao.
 haha one tweet about medical marijuana and i get a bunch of pages following me 
 wtf i havent smoked weed in a week... gross
 smoke a little weed but her shit together
 i dont wanna smoke somethin deff isnt right
 smoke em if ya got em  as legalized marijuana takes hold  via @yahoo
 bitch my weed funky
 thought i didnt have any weed. search my car and found enough nuggs to find a blunt. need to get my life together smh
 still up  smoking weed.
 @maskchievousgb  legalize all cannabis. lol
 oh and her vehicle  had the smell of weed in it ill mention 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   kansascity  ks
 see our latest ashville  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer...  
 @lismarsh7 maybe i want to get smoked by a car
 @dougducey @bishopolmsted you should have discussed how many lives we can save from opioid death and addiction with legal cannabis.
 loving our new toy today were making cheesy meatball lasagne in the kalamazoo smoker cabinet 
 @chanelxxnouis  bring the weed 
 havent smoked in 5 days call the newspaper i need a front page news
 weed is good for you and you should always smoke it. @verenicesantan2
 driving to brooklyn with no bra on. its been a long day. i just wanna smoke naked. i deserve it.
 moodsmoke n smoke some more
  malia if i catch you in bk smoking weed im beating your ass 
 everything seems different when you smoke a blunt up
 i love god chillin making money gym shoes weed weave nails smoking being happy... vacations.. allat
  weed  
 @vvaughnn lets smoke
 gas what i smoke nigga
 @legalizepotusa @munchies nice .. who is to say jesus never smoked weed. it was before the paper industry lobbied congress make it illegal
 lets smoke weed and discover new things about ourselves baby
 good morning its a good day to smoke some chodes bro 
 the fire in the 18th and vine jazz district appears to be mostly out. some smoke still rising from one of the build 
 im 99 sure that the smell is actually a skunk and not weed
 if u smoke weed in 2017 u a thot
 i smoke to keep it mello  i drink to keep it mello.
 sb105 new controlled substances possession of certain quantities of marijuana constitute a misdemeanor provid... 
 brain scrambled part 2 chatting w @patricksamphire  realized kettle had been on for a really long time  kitchen full of acrid smoke  etc.
 when you try to french inhale and some of the smoke get in your eye 
 @xann1elle she dont like to smoke or drink she on her shit and got the mentality of fuck a nigga if they aint bout shit or not on they shi
 came home took my shower amp smoked my kush  now phone going on dnd 
 @tedcruz @texastribune are you ok with tax dollars paying for satan church schools cannabis for christ schools big can of worms will open
 can i get tht on demand weed delivery 
 ill probably be a senior citizen on twitter tweeting about marijuana and veganism
 get smoked liked dutchs by the master....
 been a long time since ive had jacks abbey framinghamer. theres tons of smoke in this thing  its brilliant.
 everybody smoke  with me for my birthday
 mad i got a citation for smoking outside when people smoke in the building
 im really sitting here thinking of someone i can smoke with. i h8 myself.
 are you sure you arent just a lobbyist for alcoa amp the oil industry why not show the smokestacks amp pollution  
 anybody down to get a drink or smoke wit me lol
 i wish it wasnt windy so i can smoke this swisher 
 dont forget to change the batteries in your smoke alarms this weekend daylightsavings smokealarms 
 i shouldnt of bought my spring break weed two days before i leave  im the worst
 its rolled i just need to smoke now . 
 just wanna smoke
 guess i sprayed all my weeds with miracle grow last week.theyre twice as big now.shall i continue wconfusion amp serve round up for dinner
 need to smoke
 mi querida almost too beautiful to smoke.....almost a fine @stevesaka dunbarton tobacco and trust cigar. thecrew 
 i love living in a city where u can smoke blunts in front of bouncers and eat burritos in alleys at 2am wo being afraid of getting stabbed
 last night @ the cannabis night club. 
 @lakeboss2 im in favour of tobacco cigarette smoking the same as i am of marijuana cigarette smoking.
 school must be out today  because im the only person at the mall not getting dryhumped by their weed dealer.
 sandiego whats with all the black smoke 
 i wont smoke in my car for dayssss and it will still smell like weed 
 i shouldnt need a 70k lobbyist to convince my elected state representatives to do the right thing re medical cannabis. wvpol mmj
 always remember the days you smoke kiddos
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 pussy  money  weed yeah thats all a nigga need
 same  but this is some beautiful ass weed look that  
 @alanlittlejohn now back to pulling my weeds
 @smithstband i can play smoke on the water in every key but thats it
 tommy chong just rolled trump up and smoked him in devastating tweet 
 nessa what we gonna eat after this. me idk im not hungry so.. nessa give it tens mins after we smoke this you gonna be hungry..watch
 bout to hit up the smoke shop 
 meanwhile niggas getting 10 years for having a dime bag of weed 
 the round isnt over yet  but so far @wartburgwrestle has put 7 in the national semifinals.  holy smokes what a round so far.
 we enter colorado and it smells like weed how nice 
 lol luckily i smoked before hand cause you know they eat fantastic at those old folks parties.
 been watching juicy js snapchats while hes been on tour and detroit by far gave him the most weed lmao
 would you drink with a nigga  do you smoke weed
 little girls smoke weed once and forget how to act.
 all my dad ever says to me when i smoke is youre gonna die and he is not wrong thanks dad
 whos gonna smell the 420 plant on weed day with me this year fellow dudes
 guys....drink water when you shmoke marijuana. 
 rangers been getting smoked in spring training.
 bobbie when illy and i bouta smoke a bowl 
 road trip day 1 broke 2 nails  drove through a town named weed  and a random guy at the hotel bar told me his ex girlfriend killed his goat
 thats why i havent taken an iphone selfie in 5 years. that shit is smoke and mirrors in terms of physical perception.boss up and get a nikon
 i look so good right now i wanna smoke me out and fuck me
  smokey robinson amp the miracles you really got a hold on me @deekujo @hawaiibobb @bmb139 
 hank  why do you drink hank  why do you roll smoke why must you live out the songs that you wrote  hank 
 lets smoke a blunt 
 stepdad i think lexi smells like smoke.  ava no  no shes doesnt.
 i dont always get out of bed but when i do  one of my friends invited me over to smoke. 
 @heykristinhere everything i own smells like smoke and old person.
 havent smoked a blunt or hit the bowl in 2 days amp my attitude has been on 1000...
 drinking a smoked colonial brown by @flounderbrewing at @flounderbrewing  
 this is sparta  agoge spartanracehouston @ hempstead  texas 
 been in colorado for 4 hours and already spent 200 on weed  weed accessories  and a tie dye shirt 
 @srfcbear @leveepatrolffc @sacbattalion @bbbrigade i dont think they brought enough smoke for this.
 @nanciguestrd it will be interesting how things pan out here. the only thing i can see is some crazy incomp ban of caff use like cannabis
 im tryna smoke dutty spliff and its so fuckin cold lol
 turned a cereal box into a dope ass weed tray 
 customs officer just interrogated me cause he swore i had weed amp said trust me i cant wait to retire so i can smoke a fat doobie
 hold on canaries score 6 quick ones force tos and close within 5451  125 left. hempfield ball.
 you know youre mad when you spark a blunt in your truck that you dont ever smoke in.
 my bf got his wisdom teeth out so cant smoke. hes gonna hate me when i blow a fatty in front of him when im off work
 thebezonnian18 | the grind is real  mhari nyce @mharinyce  smoke god 
 amp why tf would i go walking thru da projects by myself at midnight to smoke one blunt 
 i jus wanna drink and smoke allnight
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 2601 washington boulevard baltimore 
 puff puff pass  blow smoke on these haters
 i smoke so much i dont even get high anymore
 @ds1372 i was with my newish wife 18 mos and it scarred her...i didnt smoke for like 8 yrs after that night. havent touched jager since
 also got a new part time job at a marijuana dispensary 
 3 oclock smoke sessions with bae 
 the quickest way to piss me off is to blow smoke in my face
 it might also be my ego. ive been in the weeds so long i have no real way of assessing my skills.
 she doesnt like me because i smoked weed once. i let her fill her bottle anyhow. its the mormon way.
 rollin off a yoppa  heavy reefer puffer
 aleppo mohammad mohiedine anis  70  smokes pipe and listens to music in his destroyed bedroom in formerly rebelhe 
 1 hr smoke then basted w bbq sauce and covered. 225 for 2hr finish. countrystyleribs @engelmeyerjer @johnkriesel 
 i wanna smoke whatever hes smoking 
 if you knew you dont get paid until next week  would you spend the last of your money on weed qotd
 @rodeohouston  enjoying the rodeo with my favorite girly and about to see the chain smokers. 
 when i tell my boss i cant stay late because i have plans... those plans are simply smoking weed and eating food.  datewithmaryjane
 i just wanna go home and smoke a damn blunt
 ribs and shiner bock. perfect sunday night dinner when its cold outside. @ belly up smokehouse amp saloon 
 just like the plugs weed 
 someone sell me weed my cat has cancer and he told me he wants some
 @cornfrmr kyle trying to be the new smoke
 shawty come n smoke one w ya partna we can get nasty cops n robbers
 driving to my parents house in rural wa  everything as i remember... with the exception of the new gigantic led billboard for the weed shop
 put my heart in the blunt like its laced smoke it up.. then go outta space.
 dinners ready...  6 hour hickory smoked brisket  stir fried veggies  and baked potatoes..  
 theres a dance going on near my store and all the mexicans are coming in and theyre buying beer  smokes  and gum lol
 rip van winkle is awake and wants studies done on cannabis to ensure users arent turning to violent crimerapedru 
 need to smoke
 my sister said just give me 100 for groceries and all the weed you want and were good.
 i could reeeeally use some weed
 wow cool you smoke weed do you want a sticker
 i need weed now
 i smoke as drank myself sober by thinking n talking
 i hate how youre going out of town because whos gonna roll my weed lmao
 im a joker im a blunt smoker im a midnight toker.
 put my heart in a blunt like its laced  smoke it up  and then go outer space.
 bout to cop half to smoke on aint shit else to do
 this past weekend was one for the books huge thanks to motogoat for getting ole smokey out to 
 god  all i want is smoked bologna and a loaded potato
 i honestly dont believe niggas smoke the gas i smoke
 her so im a bi  vegan  socialist  intersectional feminist. me trying to impress her i smoke cigarettes and reblog porn on tumblr too
 only way i free my stress is the marijuana.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 dont know what to smoke right now 
 743 vcu 4.5. vcu is a mirror image of ut arlington. ut smoked the gaels with their press amp athletes in moranga amp vcu more physical inside
 i dont think ive spent a day sober in like 2 years. somehow even when i was dankrupt and broke i managed to smoke somehow 
 i remember dis mexican nigga dat smoked crack in the 8th grade went to 179 lmaooooo 
 i would do anything to smoke rn
 giving a a new meaning to smoke showing. how about  smoke showing  give me a 3rd alarm. 
 if they got weed  liquor  andor food then yes issa date 
 this gym locker room smells like b.o  weed and really cheap cologne 
 so  excuse me while i smoke all of the weed in my possession until im a puddle of a human being because i quit.
 a nigga play get smoked 
 good weed  good music    purchase your beats today link in bio  mp3 | wav 
 that damn smokehouse pizza from little ceasars good den a mf 
 ignorant strawman arguments by ag sessions suggest the weed crackdown is coming  amp it will increase violence while 
  amsterdam holland today where r the cops donuts and reefer time
 2 ganja white night tickets for sale @ the roxy message me if interested  youll save on fees plz rt
 never saw an epi of the bachelor kinda wished i did that raven broad is a smoke
 i have so much mota my tio left me but i dont even smoke.... 
 me atm  i smoked some deathstar amp yeah lol 
 someone smoke w me late night
 the funniest shit always happens or is said when shawntay amp i smoke together 
 i smoke because i enjoy the high not to hid the pain.
 woke up at 9am  im exhausted right now but weeds always seems to keep me awake
 someone on my fb 4 people died shoveling snow in wi today. but yet how many deaths has marijuana caused jus sayin
 i want regular brownies dont be putting weed in my shit
 how about everybody leave shit alone that dont have anything to do with the amp hb everybody need to leave me alone if you dont want no smoke
 throwback to when i went to flames n smoked hookah for like 10 minutes then left and puked in a mcdonalds parking lot
 im not really a drinker nomore more of a smoker
 i need to smoke
 @geccity nigga im from la  mentioning weed aint snitching. shit is like fuckim water to us
 spots and weeds shot with fujifilm xt1 amp 1655mm f2.8 rva richmond virginia 
 @canrevagency if you collect taxes on cannabis sales are you not saying that cannabis is legal
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1211 west lombard street baltimore  send mess 
 lmao everybody dont smoke those  
 phew. were open today if anyone needs smokes or a warm lounge.  @ cigar world nj 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 jeff smoker  charles rogers and leveon bell walk into a party...
 it actually feels so good not smoking cigs anymore. im still around second hand smoke all the time but still
 y cant our government scientists grow weed
 i honestly just need someones vehicle to smoke in....
 cant smoke weed to it i dont wanna listen to it 
 we smoke out of packs baby
 lmfao i hate connecticut they tryna arrest this nigga  he just tryna get some pussy andor weed 
 @mariahrswift its okay i havent smoked since the wreck in july but my probation didnt start till nov 
 trynaaaa smokeeeeeeeeeee but niggas is trapped in the crib 
 ill smoke a backwood every morning naked in front of the mirror listening to music lol 
 a cannabis expert compared smoking that to eating an apple  with the seeds and the branch it was attached to lmaooo 
 @bucsfan02 they were definitely a bit of smoke amp mirrors  but i think that was more on the d my bro in law is huge skins fan  so i watched
 potus45 is threatening the pot industry to enforce federal laws to ban growing and selling marijuana. wow i say buzz off  you old windbag
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation huntsville  al job
 sos i need weed
 i either smoke back to back joints or back to back blunts
 ppl think im just obsessed with smoking weed but that shit really has a whole economy and history that intrigues me fr
 lol. government smokes mids 
 looks and sounds like an oxymoron rt @505suthrnguido that government weed looks like something oscar the grouch would shit out
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 someone bring me weed for my bday thanks
 rachelmaddow msnbc this stations ttax paper scoop produced little more than a puff of smoke. t will have a deserved field day with this.
 lets go have a weed is hands down my favorite line in grease. @cameronforgey
 when youve been the designated driver on a tour of a cannabis farm and three wineries  its time to cut loose  
 ....burnt smoked sausage...
 harry potter and the chamber of weed drugmovies @midnight
 kinda wanna sleep kinda wanna smoke amp eat
 i need some damn weed cuz i swear i be mad over the dumbest shit sometimes lmaoo
 early smoke sess 
 mom planted a bag of parsley in my backpack then took it out and asked if it was weed and i said ma i have better hiding places then that 
 girl u is my baby i gotta smoke some weed cuz girl ya drive me crazy
 all house made or local pastrami  applewood smoked venison sausage  candies mustard seed 
 forgot my weed in mari car 
 @gabrielnoah @dhendrix666 @branstarr screw weed here yall go  this is the good shit  thats enough for 3 of yall
 found skeletons fighting over a smoked herring and students walking around campus in my search 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5814 eurith ave  
 so. weed in atlanta thanks.
 i get a lot of good compliments when i work inside the casino i just hate how theres lots cigarette smoke 
 not my ducks they dont smoke or eat bread @ johns island  south carolina 
 @herbfolks  declares weedmaps defunct. its outlived its usefulness
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 39 i90  state fair i690
 i dont even buy weed 
 i smoke weed and im still active  what is your excuse
 ready to smoke gotta get jordyn straight first tho
 when the drinks all gone amp the weeds all done..
 lmao idk how im supposed to save money when im going on a tropical vacation  concerts are coming up  weed adventures for days  and food 
 grit is the heartbeat of education katie weed
 @hardball @davidcayj all smokeampmirrors. of course @realdonaldtrump planted old return. or was it john miller  maybe john barron nitwit
 i think that girls who smoke cigarettes are so ehhhh 
 im smoking og from cali you lil niggas smoke purp  21 savage
 i try not to smoke weed when im doing a photoshoot but with that said its always super rad when my models smoke me out
 @valeriaareyess smoke soon yo
 on top of that my reefer died so i have a @carrier tech working on that too while i wait for @rydersysteminc 
 i just watched the movie arrival. holy smokes. so good. like...so good. im still thinking about it. mind. blown.
 twitterinthewildwest wifi smoke signals 
 @mountprimetime ion want no smoke 
 your mcm smoke white owls
 he hates marijuana more than i hate auburn 
 you niggas in the basement we just coolin in da attack all my niggas like smoke aint to fond of the static
 two weeks smoke free and im still out of breath after running 4 miles. what that hell
 greenleaf @greenleafown when im finished with you bishop the only thing thats gonna rise to heaven from this church is smoke
 i think this is the longest ive gone with out smoking weed  ...like 20hrs fuhhhh
 before and after i smoke  
 all i listen to is music you smoke too gr8 vibing music 
 im here to get smoked out not ate out
 finna smoked a blunt finna smoked another
 gary  grain farmer from edwardville  il  is speaking in support of industrial hemp act in il senate ag. @ilstewards @ilfarmersunion
 @mikeredman51 shiiiiit wish i could  they need to give us smoke breaks like they give these newport smokin mfers breaks 
 mom did u buy weed with the money i gave u  me ..yes.. momlit
 cubano today at leeway housemade ham amp smoked pork w swiss cheese  sliced pickles and yellow mustard on a pressed 
 drink or smoke tonight 
 someone smoke me up. ill return the favor with friendship
 if you dont smoke why u going to smokersclub lol
 when your professor asks you how much weed you smoke daily ......
 i dead ass dont wanna smoke anymore
 wow just saw a list of tweets about how writers will never be able to support themselves. way to weed out the weak. didntdiscourageme haha
 people who smoke jays back to back all day gotta be smoking huff
 where do you think kevin gates gets his weed from
 @nickservatius from smoke inhalation mostly nick.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 305307 lyndhurst street baltimore  send mess 
 these people in the barber shop talking about how theyd smoke a pack of joints a day
 i just wanna smoke a blunt  
 youll get smoked in your dome if you even tryyyyy to come close lmao
 @thefive hey ass @thejuanwilliams remeber this  an obama smokes you said nothing. @potus
 @littlecaesars my boyfriend got your smokehouse pizza ampamp spicy bbq wings for dinner ampamp he loves it. i got the chee 
 press night at killerbsono ... the smokin b  jim beam black bourbon  buttermilk smoked honey 
 cmon austin can you guys not smoke cigs everywhere
 6564 is  ready for the weeds 
 and she be like see you gon smoke your life away
 approach me if you want too ill smoke you like a swisher
 i befriended a fellow pot smoker at school today twas cool
 its so crazy that marijuana still isnt legal like...
 theres been a massive fire in my neighborhood  glenwood. this is the view from my apartment. the smoke is billowin 
 @kendontcry i dont think i even know 1 marijuana strain
 burning blessings shalom thursdaythoughts just a priest  rabbi and atheist smoking weed together  via @mashable
 all she do is just roll my weed and get naked for me at night thats all she do
 what am i supposed to watch when im finished watching weeds  which will be tonight
 i always smoke in my room at night amp im waiting for the day that my mom isnt sleep amp busts in
 @braxtoncaudill bruh our head manager smokes loud 
 boutta smoke some alchohol then its goodnight
 woke up out the slumber just to smoke big dope
 if people socially drank liquor like they socially smoke id have all the friends...
 snoop dogg donated the smoke
 ima smoke amp go to chickfila right about now
 swanson smokes a double down the left field line  neitzel scores the hawks lead 20
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 steam both sides of the l  freeze smoke rings and they hail
 happy st patricks day new inventory update hemp hookahzz cbd is here for ya at smokers choice 10 off purch 
 the summer after i got arrested for weed i rolled a blunt on the floor of the streets of nyc at a parade. who the fuck did i think i was
 @dougbenson keep @madflavor as bailiff dude... dude can smoke more than bull on night court
 my neighbors gave me weed infused coconut butter happystpatricksday
 happy birthday sexy  its your day alllllll mf day man  can u smoke yet   @xshayybloodd
 i just woke up and people are already trying to smoke me out its going to be a good day 
 3 different groups of white people asked me where i can get weed aha
 nobody in trumbull is a fuckin hippie. yall are just wannabes livin in ur parents big ass houses wearin overpriced patterns amp smoking weed
 who wants to smoke 1 
 i really drove wo a license for an entire year n i only got pulled over once. i was lucky i hadnt smoked in my car or had any weed at all
 probably just get drunk by myself smoke dope cook dinner bubble bath and chill watch movies date night w me myself and i 
 having kids all over the neighborhood is cool amp all...but id like to sit in my garage amp smoke without them walking up every 5 min 
 @iapplemartennie lmaooo going to get some flowers to smoke
 i can always count on you guys to appreciate my bad weed jokes
 my first time trying weed ever i ate 2 edibles amp hit the bong hard as hell
 this puerto rico lineup is insane. usa more than likely going to get smoked.
 90s party party pull up they pullin in @ up in smoke hookah lounge 
 bout to smoke with .y amazing man takenotes mine his monogamy @70screwxxx @ las vegas  nevada 
 @earlymelon i like the effect  but think the animation could be sped up a little. particularly when the smoke after the two energy collides
 motorhead makes me wanna smoke 5 cigarettes
 in the mood for a smoke funny cuz i dont smoke really
 you know iont smoke no boo boo weed 
 @trimet your security guards 3 of them have sat in gateway break room reading and texting only came out to smoke @larslarsonshow
 gotta be up get ready for class in 5 hours  just smoked to try n sleep but now im more awake 
 in need of weed
 ill still smoke em. 
 hey there mother fuck face. dont you know its four twenty better smoke bitch.
 so i found out who actually stole that niggas weed that he blamed me for  yourfriendsarenttrue
 while getting smoked the man looked at my socks and said why your heal on your ankle 
 smoking weed dodging feds cause my head hard
 how you smoke yo weed asktwitter 
 woke up with back pains.  about to smoke and maintain
 needta smoke summ
 cant help but lol at the people who are sharing the legalize marijuana in texas petition on facebook
 hell nah weed my nyquil 
 theres literally weed everywherecup holders doors floor
 drinking a smoked pomegranate by @southcitycider at @taplands   photo
 art dealer just told me how his truck with 1.5 million worth of art was taken for a joyride and all the people took was the marijuana in it
 because 1 straw is not enough on st. paddys  @ baileys smokehouse 
 free smoke is absolute trash dont act like its good
 free smoke free smoke ayyye 
 free smoke 
 @2tanksdre @sirhampton nigga i dont dance period i roll weed and rub on her ass whole she dance.
 this is a great mouthwash that after i smoke a cigar during my breaks but being professional at 
 can we hear free smoke again morelife
 free smoke morelife
 morelife you still havent sold that wee yet smokey nigga is broke these days
 you do sit around amp smoke weed all day. thanks people of planet earth for reminding me that im better off on my own.
 treat em like an 8th of sour get all em niggas smoked
 whativelearnedlivinginthecity carry an empty pack of cigs if you bum. smokers take pity on other smokers.
 @sparrowcoffee its an offset smoker
 we both just remembered that i smoked last night 
 free smoke drake
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke  morelife @ kellys all pro landscaping llc 
 i wanna smoke 
 just wanna smoke good weed w a bad bitch 
 nigga just gave me free weed cause im fine lmao
 um idk what yall talkin about but after free smoke ive skipped like 7 songs soooo...
 nothing like a concert to remind me how much i hate the smell of weed. sinuses are killing me too. music is worth it  tho.
 free smoke
 free smoke got me turnt up in the hilton morelife
 shit id even quit smoking weed for you baby girl
 stressed the fuck out  literally just smoked 3 cigarettes back to back.
 @calebchumley just brake checked the shit out me i smoked my forehead dope
 somebody smoke this blunt wit me.
 @coreyneii lets open a midnight munchies shop thats also pro hemp hemp friendly.
 like sum weed. @youngthug
 i just want to lay up smoke up have my hair played with by the baddest
 rocking the nf as always even to church  @ hempfield umc 
 1 000 people evacuated now because of boulderfire amp boulder covered in smoke now  
 your mcm smoke reggie stem blunts 
 free smoke
 @snoopdogg youre how old and  create a vid killin the pres. still talk sht about women. fb feed is all about weed. loser dork4life 
 free smoke free smoke
 @noragi that would be dope is his voice on free smoke
 @guywormy my reaction when we smoked from a gravity bong on the roof lmao 
 how about a snack baguette with more of that delicious smoked salmon mousse weve brought back 
 @halliebakker my mom was like your jacket smells like pot well no shit i smoke mad weed.
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 nothing better than finding unexpected weed in your car 
  i like my men like i like my weed no seeds 
 my manager just casually smokes weed with me on the roof of our bar. for the millionth time  i love working nightlife.
 just smoke and get this boring sunday over with 
 cant  wait to go home and smoke this good weed of mine.
 @maddyonomics no we cant. youre deep in the weeds.
 looks around see all the possibilities  go outside to smoke a blunt an feel the breeze
 600yr on hair cuts  1 200yr on weed and oil  5323bills  14 00 to myself that i never saved up lol
 free smoke free smoke
 yo  weed  soup  donald duck orange juice no pulp   sex   cough drops   amp warm ass blankets would be lovely right now
 bones they got the money and they got the dough  me broke and i smoke so you know i need both 
 i rather smoke and drink than love somebody again. 
 not tonight karlsson. not tonight. price has you in his radar. i wanna see someone smoke karlsson.
 life for me is just weed and brews
 hayleys mom found weed in her bag rip
 im thinking about taking bunch of pain killers for this pain or a smoke 
 i wanna smoke but my whole body is aching from this stomsch virus and i cant put myself through anymore pain 
 free smoke free smoke
 nothing more than to smoke my problems away while soaking in a bath. fuck the world  and fuck everyone. 
 i got weed too
 i just wanna smoke weed and contemplate life w @joeymillsxxx
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1733 bank st  
 free smoke
 1st great law trump has passed.making drug test mandatory if youre on  shouldnt get free money to spend it on weed
 being broke was the best way to weed ppl out
 drake free smoke
 what do u do for a living i smoke weed
 @421steph the windows of detection for most drugs are very small lt48 hrs for most drugs except for marijuana. 14 weeks. 2
 looking to find a weed man go to any nigga in high school that easy. theyll tell you.
 dickoftheday guy who cut off a bunch of people stopped at a light then blew a cloud of vape smoke out the window.
 bruh ive been coughing up a lung the last few days cus im sick amp it makes it so much harder to get lit  im a smoker cant be having dis
 rose looked like a 40 year old man when i was a freshman but bro sold me the best weed and always spotted my broke ass
 comeyhearing in recess. many cigars are being smoked  calls made home  hill is going to be president yay
 i said a beef hot links  i said a beef hot links  i said a brat  beef calbasa  hot smoked sausage  cheddar works 
 i am a blind musician from north carolina and i want to smoke with willie nelson at least once in my lifetime 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke 
 i smoked tooooo much before bed
 spear thistle weeds  .... remember these pointy little things growing up weeds wildflowers 
 me when she starts hitting those high notes on free smoke 
 idk. somewhere with a beach  good weed man  and a store that sells backwoods. 
 @jjeankaa know the reasons i smoked before you say that lol
 that guilty satisfaction u get when u accodentally blow smoke in a runners face. sorry yall
 you only smoke that good shit well my nigga touch
 rocky hill inn burger | applewood smoked bacon  grilled onion  cheddar  griggstown farm sunny 
 serving angels holy smoke
 drake sounds finally comfortable in his own skin on free smoke
 im off these next two days and marlene is coming over to smoke  eat  and nap with me in a bit and im happy.
 why is it so difficult to just leave this damn car alone full av install sure  wheels... nah man  i smoke too much for that.
 free smoke alarms are available to our community. @redcross smokealarmssavelives  
 its smells like hella weed ima have to wash my hair 
 its free smoke  all spring n summer long 
 i hit the plug with the switcherou nigga i never smoke swishers dude  stream fronto leaf 
 use hemplifys hempextract to showsomeglow at glowing juices in echo park 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2107 ramsay street baltimore  violation notic 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1701 linden ave  send message. 
 isp arrests 2 for marijuana edibles  smoking devices  syrup  plant  pills  fentanyl patches in semi stopped on i70 
 this is a smokescreen to deflect the wiretapping. its so obvious. 
 imma need a weeding dress like this 
 free smoke free smokeeeee
 youll never see me post money  weed  or guns. doing stupid shit just aint me
 champagne papi will always put out that roll one smoke one shit
 @leahbeth charleston water doing smoke testing of pipes in carolina bay area
 candidates wanted1.8 mil ma cannabis voters replacing prohibitionists   norml maconvos 
 lets smoke weeed 
 frosty weed there is salvation in no one else god has given no other name under heaven by which 
 my cousin aunty really want a weed sweatershe aint even a stoner. imma jus fuckin get it cause she keep askin for it
 free smoke. free smokeee
 yeah weed  jk 
 buying weed with a debit card and getting a receipt is still so strange to me
 hell always float back through my mind like smoke
 follow smokepurpp new account @lilpurp1017 and tell twitter to give his old shit back 
 lmk why i washed my hands and took a shower but my fingers still smell like backwoods  this is why i dont smoke blunts
 im trynna smoke fat ass blunts right now
 @carypigman trust us who have taken the oath of hippocrates to care 4 patients the feds amp big pharma are immoral on cannabis. research it
 bitches really out here putting weed i their nails 
 nelly if you wanna go and high with me smoke a l in the back of the benzy oh why must i feel this way   us hey 
 lol i really just wanna smoke right meow 
 no weed  a bad night
 wish i had someone to smoke with this late yalllame
 i just found out my cousin who is my age smokes n other shit i never thought n im pissed.we could have been geekin @ the christmas parties
 intense @nbcchicagofire  holy smokes
 just because im not a hoe  amp i dont smoke anymore doesnt mean im not fun
 from smokestacks to stardom evgeny kuznetsovs roots beyond the urals   wonderful article i recommend reading it
 boston box 2275. smoke showing
 i get fried so my nigga gotta be a smoker too lol
 i love my garden in spring  even the weeds are lovely. 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 new song out now with @lofty305  lofty 305  get it awff prod dj smokey link  
 holliston ma on cold spring reported smoke in the dwelling
 trusteeelect lamont johnson says again he will keep his position on hempstead school board. says he will serve on both. cc @scottyeidz
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 holy smokes the full version of sadistic romantic may have just bumped it up to one of my fave songs in ichu
 tell me why my moms smoke better than i do 
 pint of lean  pound of weed  and a kilo 
 finally finished watching all the episodes of weeds in netflix. and it didnt end how i wanted it to
 so like ... did ct legalize marijuana yet or is this gonna go on for another year
 i thought we were the perfect match but are relationship went up in smoke. 
 certain people so smoked out
 @katyperry doesnt smoke 
 all i want to do right now is hike somewhere with an amazing view  smoke a fatty and spend some time alone
 now up stacey linn  mom who pushed for cannabis in schools  supports hb1220  calls it a good start and says patients are not criminals
 you know that nigga that be flirting with me at my job . . he walk in an ask me if i want some weed and went home and brought it @trinnoxo
 @wagerfailure @mernahuana were socialist when it comes to healthcare  at least we were until medical weed.
 @djbreezeog lil bro got everything smoked boudin links. pepperjack  boudin links. amp last but 
 no you cannot come over unless you have beer or weed 
 im having no luck with weed son  ima have to give it to god 
 my mom just tried to tell me that weed is worse than cigs it took all my strength not to go off bye
 facts my dad asked me was a becoming a weed head the other day  i started to say you damn right 
 slept for 5 hours straight. now its late and the only way to fall asleep is to smoke this ish.
 bitch you smoke cancer sticks 
 today i made weed butter quesadillas. i think im a genius sometimes guys.
 trying to slow down on smoking weed 
 she finna regret making that tweet  its just a lil weed simmer down
 do not disturb blem teenage fever free smoke  nothings into somethings
 texas weed is booty
 naw but seriously... i think there might be something too it. im going to have a new kind of relationship wit my weed now 
 eyes damn near closed but im wide awake i roll blunts of dat heater cord neva smoke shake.  
 i need some weed
 .the term smoke includes cigarettes  electronic smoking devices  marijuana amp crack cocaine. wtf well  its cali 
 @matthewmmorris my favorite is passing a certain car who makes the whole highway smell like weed.
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 bout to smoke weed and listen to led zeppelin all day. come thru
 this can driver told me and my friends we can drink and smoke in his cab lmfao.
 the best recipe for maximizing the medical effects of marijuana @alternet  @arizonanorml @mikelweisser @momforceaz
 dont smoke cigarettes
 see our latest detroit  mi job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 oh sure show up to the unemployment office smelling like weed ...come on dude..im 420 friendly but come on 
 its crazy that weeds still not legal and alcohol is but im not complaining about alc being legal  
 i dont smoke or drink amp i dont pop pills  im just high off life
 im very thoughtfully entering the cannabis lifestyle. welcome brudda @johnmayer to the life highlife 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 918 north arlington avenue baltimore  send me 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 damn this dude smell like weed that shit stank like hell to me
 see our latest evansville  in job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i think ive finally smoked my last brain cell away 
 looking for a job is boring i wanna smoke
 finally famous but aint too much really changed with us straight up weed no angel dust label us notorious
 and another 500 000 people loiter and smoke cigarettes on @appletonpublib sidewalk 
 this the first week i havent smoked in almost a yr im gonna die
 i do not be getting g high off reggy ... when i do smoke it 
 love having my weed delivered 
 seriously though  down to smoke 
 finna smoke this wood  famously.
 ive lose my face off of too much weed and yung gleesh walk 
 listening to my mom talk to my younger cousin about high school and friends  mom they dont do drugs do they smoke the vape
 free smoke  free smoke  ayy
 binge smoking hookah since i cant smoke
 i used to roll joints so tight you couldnt even smoke em  my grandma lolololol
 i dont get how people smoke cigs  like if you like the smoke grab a joint. it taste better  makes ya feel better and doesnt stink
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation brentwood  tn
 lost ball high weeds    crazyin4words
 even when theres a smoking gun  democrats will refuse to see it or even stop to smell the smoke. their only reality is the liberal agenda.
 real mermaids smoke seaweed
 college is time to drink alcohol and do the weeds                     professor chen
 somebody smoke with me lol
 so much weed
 free smoke   
 forget 2017 eagles.let cowboys and giants duke it out for right to get smoked by the pats.draft franchise rb now.set the offense.
 im at federal hill smokehouse in erie  pa 
 anyone wanna smoke and eat and go to the movies later on me 
 youuuuuuu a lameeee and ya bitch break down my weed sometimes...i love chance man
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 @brianaamariee for the smoke up again
 the next person to say  u posted to much on snap  why do posted everytime u smoke  amp shit. ima block you  dont watch it if u dont like it.
 someone pmu for beyond  i got gas money and gas to smoke 
 rag weed and some small pest can still be beautiful. beautifulpest  @ larkin 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation baltimore  md
 @nolifedaniel you better smoke me out
 i wanna have a smoke session tonight  lmao i just really dont wanna be around anybody who gone annoy me
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 proposed senior independent living facility for site of hempstead school. 
 did you love smoke n bones in oak bluffs last chance to get merchandise tomorrow  and for a good cause. 
 i dont smoke weed anymore so dont hmu about it.
 might go back to ypsi tonight to drink and smoke a lil bit 
 @1elevatedo9 @iamakademiks he has smoke about recent tragedy in america before but ok  trump was a whole tragedy tbh
 i just want to smoke all day  get tatted  and get drunk.
 i think helen was high on a special strain of weed when she did this.  
 theres something about the combined scents of umami  smoke  sugar  and vinegar that is incredibly compelling.
 when they smoke a joint and day dream i ctfu 
 i remember when the cop pulled up on me amp was on some it smells like weed lmaoooooo do you see weed  no alright imma go then 
 i love the smell of weed too much lol
 baylor getting smoked lmaooo couldnt happen to a better school 
 we want all the smoke
 @amburr32 pops left me the house and went to the bar.. want me to go get rellos and i can come smoke his weed with me  
 guy thats not a bag of weed.its a pad.i got issues  cop you almost had me convinced you wear a manpon cuz you leak  meamp @redskihusky wtf
 somebody smoke with me
 yayyyyy i get to smoke 
 trash weed hurts my lungs amp throat
 i was going through all my drawers randomly and i found weed that i forgot that i put in one of them score 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 in jersey you can smoke in bars and i think they making a movie where you can too...its coming soon 
 we all know what happened to the last generation with the right to smoke pot and theyre at it again with cigarettes 
 listen to curreny amp smoke dza  10 bricks ft. french montana amp big k.r.i.t. np on soundcloud 
 free smoke
 wicked weed  drinking a baltic porter by @wickedweedbeer at @wickedweedbeer   
 free smoke
 im smoking weed im counting cash
 tampb sports site among prominent trio of santa rosa spots sold to marijuana ventures 
 i love the earth but damn i like to smoke trees  im sorry smokey but you wont ever catch me
 its 324pm  it already smells like alcohol and weed 
 it physically hurts me to watch people smoke cigs inside of brand new cars
 ill tell ya what though  marijuana is one hell of a defense. breaking through that is like taking a knife to concrete.
 had burrito brothers but i had smoked so iguess thats that kid 
 on the scene assisting @cafdst30. units on the scene are reporting smoke coming from the attic. 
 when the weed sticky 
 if i go down in flame  the smokes gonna spell my name.
 megabus its like being on bart but it has wheels and you still cant smoke weed on it
 our barrel aged beer night is underway brewmaster derek  is in the house talking about smoke 
 damn those hickory smoked ribs amp sausage smell great beansindapot 
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins..
 @usagsessions fyi weed smokers r not lazy uneducated or unemployed amp vote.. saying shit about weed amp us is like what hillary would do. wtf
 if you are in the malibu area and need to get or renew your medical marijuana  cannabis card we are open until 630 this evening 
 just bcs i smoked with you yesterday dosent mean i smoking with you today...stop staring amp fake talking to me. your blowing me 
 a few years later my name is brady kiwi wolf and thanks to the marijuana munchies and delicious hostess products i now have diabetes
 lmfaooo bron aint want no smoke
 you know your the coolest manager when you smoke up your crew member  @act22500  love you bro
 @elricedge @scrubyandwells @heelanhammer dont worry elric  he got smoked the next turn. lost the game though..
 hahaha i dont smoke  i never have 
 there aint no drama when u got marijuana
 i smell like cologne and weed but i didnt even smoke 
 im done smoking weed 
 my weekend bliss  i like to get up early and smoke and read in the kitchen on sunday  its the quietest most peaceful place ever...
 i dont have money to be buying weed every day like yall 
 and as an added bonus  alamo through in the fresh scent of chain smokers. i feel like if i was 
 when you find weed that you thought you smoked 
 @jobellecee me too.  its good for weeding out the norms.   
 she smoking weed and playing kodak
 a 10 pound bundle of marijuana washed up on the beach near daytona on saturday 
 theres so much weed stuck in the chairs in my back porch i could probably roll at least a blunt with all of it.
 marijuana in america on cnbc. all my weed investors should watch.
 see our latest batesville  ms job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 @potus mexico will never pay for your berlin  wall the drugs being smuggled in are primarily weed not the opioids that are killing 
 courage is fire and bullying is smoke aldubxdtbysunog
 glad i have neighbors i can smoke and chill with
 @ryanlizza   1 must assume hugh has now started smoking the wacky weed 
 braintree fire striking box for 287 commerical for the odor of smoke in the building
 i lack female smoke franz
 free smoke 
 good job @mariotthotels atlanta marijuana in the sheets.  kinda makes me think you didnt change them. gross 
 im conflicted...i want to smoke  watch the game  and shoot pool  
 if i blow smoke through a vent will it hotbox the other room no how do you know because i know vents
 nigga wanna ask if i wanna smoke  bitch i got my own dope. im straight .
 free smoke remix up @ 7  bouta turn yo sunday tf up
 when people smoke weed but dont inhale 
 need some smoke
 a passage from an 189394 british report on cannabis. 
 yea i had a drink ya i smoke
 cassie needs to hurry her cute little ass up this blunt wont smoke itself
 i really smoked like 7 blunts yesterday and 0 blunts today. idk how to just quit cold turkey  im buggin
 @misterjrocka it gave off a what the fuck is that vibe. i imagine this happening if i made grits and smoked hots split down the middle
 so apparently weed will be legal here in canada by july 2018 so lit
 how do you see cops responding to a fire and finding weed and think but those missing girls smh
 im solo moving slomo i smoke a lot of weed
 @krisdokekris @metroottawa @metrohalifax actually  no  it doesnt.  chronic asthmatic here  all smoke leads to inflammation.
 @krisdokekris @metroottawa @metrohalifax understood  referring to secondhand smoke.  i expect the same nonsmoking laws will be in place.
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli
 i need to get my camera game up...lil slow @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  taunton  ma 
 most baby boomers love weed its a proven fact
 @dukecambridgeuk @fbi @princecharlesh6 @eu @icctthehague @kremlinrussiae africans along fun of meim allergic 2their stinkand crack smoke
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 nothing makes me madder than watchin a bitch smoke a blunt and not even inhale any smoke
 i see sharks in the water. i feen for marijuana
 free smoke for everybody
 walking towards baker  kid behind me talking loudly on the phone  im about to roll a blunt and smoke. like. we get it you smoke lmao
 im at sheds smoked bbq  @shedsbbqboston in boston  ma 
 somebody has to check @stephenasmith on the weed issue and the unnecessary criminalization of young blk men based on a old propaganda 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 when in doubt  smoke one out
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1911 e pratt st  send message.
 whoever need some weed hml
 @romanempire76 yeah nowroman can weed and rake the undertakers yard. willforeverbehisyard thankyoutaker wrestlemania33
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 316 south calhoun street baltimore  send mess 
 id ask speaker armstead how he likes being reminded by del rowe that .@god made marijuana. except tim isnt on twitter anymore. wvpol mmj
 blew smoke.
 @leximoreno smoke a blunt
 will have to level the smoker once its cold oops  drinking a blonde ale @ wellington square   photo
 part 33 of the @telegramdotcom marijuana series. this one is on its potential effects on the developing brain. i k 
 school boy q bogus for feeding his boy the weed edibles and taking his eye brows off with tape lmfao
 i can out smoke you
 i drink from time to time but i dont smoke
 she a weed head
 veterans groups fight for marijuana access to curb opioid abuse.  states with medical marijuana programs are begin 
 1912 smoke lake 
 @emmawwe is back and shes a smoke show
 we need an actual smoke sesh
 who wanna smoke and watch 13 reasons why
 i thought i found a nice dude on tinder until i scrolled to his very last photo this dude has weed leaves tatted on his nipples megan
 free smoke free smoke aye
 i play korn to my dmt plants   smoke blunts all day and do sex stuff.
 cannabisjournalism wvgop invokes satan in the weed debate 
 to everyone that thinks i chew and smoke cigs  i dont. i think its gross.
 they broke cuz they do nothing but smoke all they money 
 man come to vegas and i will give good weed and youll be great
 why does she even smoke smh 
 that haaaaaaaaa kills me dog. rip james brown  man smoked that loud frfr.
 non weed smokers think drinking is less damaging to your health 
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway nb at exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike 
 it was intentional not incidental had nothing to do with russia. average american can see through smoke and mirror 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 im gonna stop buying weed after 420 someone hold me to it 
 @johnkingcnn  @ambassadorrice u guys can fall for this smoke screen but we will not  the whole cabinet are liars  its about russiac
 bad bitches with the big butts made me the butt of they jokes  but now they hit me on the low like where the hell the free smoke
 just tryna smoke a blunt no ones down
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1824 bank st  send message.
 no smoke gust dust all fake 
 boo hoo brice nedda hurry his ass up so i can smoke 
 how about a city funded trip to colorado and see how they worked the whole weed sales deal
 when you buy weed and the people you with say  we about to get high 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 we dont smoke the same
 just want to go home and smoke this true og 
 today was the first day i havent smoked for months  i dont even remember 
 we have the best cannabis in the city and maybe even world hehe this right here was bout to be 
 who have some weed for sale
 hate when i smoke after i eat  now i gotta eat more 
 who tryna come through and smoke a blunt or two 
 smoking weed  he never wanna leave the house
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 kansas city  mo.  voters approve 25 fine in easing of marijuana law 
 i would have so much money if i didnt smoke lol
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 if @realdonaldtrump has nothing to hide  why refuse to release amp create suspicion usually  lots of smoke   
 coffeebeforegrizzlies @ cold smoke coffeehouse 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 really enjoying @mhintzesqs cle on ip in the cannabis industry so far iplspring
 we smoke dope all day all night
 where theres smoke  theres fire.  
 @maiyaaaaaaaa the song with t scott  the song with thug  free smoke  the song after free smoke  the song after that song.
 i smoked a spliff with gas and felt like i was in another dimension
 western provinces expect ottawa to pay costs associated with marijuana legalization plan  
 we can stay if we smoke more weed
 a drug whos sole purpose is to kill is schedule 2  yet cannabis is in the most restrictive schedule 1. we are that 
 i need someone to smoke a bowl with
 i wish stephanie smoked so i wouldnt have to smoke by myself. 
 whether i see them or not. every time we link up we smoke big  make big  and fw bad bitches  literalstatement
 ima go to hell wit just me myself amp all my smokes
 someone bring me amp @taylorkleinhen a milkshake please youll get smoked out  we just need a milkshake.
 @tompodolec @kidcraig @aircanada @flightradar24 yrs ago we landed and had a hard brake. i could see smoke coming fr 
 so i have my window open and i can smell the aroma of weed just coming into my room 
 late night smoke sessions in the woodsgtgtgt
 just seen your friendly ass yesterday bestf n smoked her out she still onnat rmao
 this could be yoursdo you smokehundreds to choose for himher under 20 @  shopsmokeboxes 
 me and jon are the only couple that wakes up in the middle of the night  smoke an l  then go back to sleep 
 holy smokes. i cant even  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1803 wilhelm street baltimore  send message. 
 blowing smoke rings at red lights
 okay i lied. not completely  im not going to tell them i drank or smoke or anything like that. though i positive  they somewhat know
 she say she never smoked i turned her into a stoner
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 people who smoke to calm themselves down dont realize that it has the opposite effect and causes you to be more on edge and anxious.
 its smokepurpp the chemist and lil pump the scientist and we finna take yo bitch to the movies
 hoes getting out and we on ganja police  wants us to talk but we wont say nun
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 french montana has been the rebound dude in all his recent relationship amp no one ever claims him. smoke a spliff and then they vanish
 loudmoufmusik presence    smoke 2 this on april 20th @ cabana nightclub downtown vancouver. 
 im tired of you hos smokin weed in the bathroom and dropping the ashes on my toilet seat 
 makin my money and smokin my weed
 stay rolling good weed up
 still blowing thick smoke while you powder your nose
 i hate seeing people smoke in nice vehicles ugh
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation conway  sc job
 mfs charging for a beach house mf i should be charging ppl to hit my weed.
 @north215 exactly. like idk why we ask our politicians about gay marriage  legalizing weed or anything else
 the smokehouse. 
 name your price  only 3 orders for lunch. monster baked potato stuffed with bacon and smoked 
 who smokes 10 blunts lol they got that oregano  pack 
 when the office has smoked pork sandwiches.... calling an emergency cheat day gains
 why was this just me.... hire me even though i sound like a chain smoker 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   galion  oh
 you hoes wont fw cus i dont smoke yall up anymore and give yall rides  idc  yall fake asfuck and broke
 philly high school cafeteria worker who allegedly sold weed to students arrested with 280 of marijuana 
 i took one quiz sober and got a 75. i took another quiz while blazed and got a 100. tell me again how weed is bad for you
 second hand smoke is a real thing people. 
 @sendeanheller @andypuzder  invest in cannabis is blowing up hope on the train we have many people wanting to learn
 numerica night on the mountain   friday 23  see website for details performing live  smokey brights  numerica
 its okay. you want to start being a hoe again  weed  drinking  partying  fucking your sports up.. thats on u. i made u a better person.
 why would a black person want to live in colorado unless he likes to smoke weed
 i remember why i hate coming home everyday every time i go smoke a cigarette
 i still have the weed braydin gave me the night before he left us amp i still cant get myself to smoke it
 all we do is get money and stay smoked up
 tonights dinner is kraut  and smoked sausage and chive sour cream potatoes lets eat @ columbus  
 i smoke the pounds of the green 
 i dont smoke  i dont drink  i dont party  i dont have hoes  i have goals  morals  walls  and edges but im still single 
 @paytonmariexo we gotta smoke for our birthdays i come home around yours 
 niggas who sell weed always tryna tell you turn yo music down when you pull up . shut yo ass up and bring me my shit
 if u ever judge how much i smoke  i wont pass to you
 goodand concerningreporting from @cslnyt. pregnant women turn to marijuana  perhaps harming infants 
 so what if i smoke a little weed or go fast and go in mud in my truck  you both did worse shit in high school so fuck off
 proud to announce that ted cruz has pledged is unwavering alliance to the hemp party @tedcruz heswithus
 i forgot how fire kid cannabis is
 aka someone come smoke with me
 i dont understand people who smoke cigarettes in cold weather. youre going to die from lung cancer and frostbite
 you say you wanna smoke with a real one .. 
 weed doesnt even taste that good when you smoke it
 smoke some weed. you deserve it.
 im cool wit a girl who smokes like ion really care bout that but if you on that bottle like crazy i cant do nothin witcha
 wish i could get a smoke break 
 currently listening to an older patient tell us stories about the times he smoked weed with his son in amsterdam
 @angiesumait @sheelllbbbss shelby always good for this  one time we went to freaking naco just to smoke cigarettes
 you play ball  sell weed  or you whippin dope
 some weed i guess
 @mitchellreports @sruhle that was extremely enlightening and what i of course knew. its all smoke and mirrors.
 i knew i shouldnt of smoked with isacc he got me sick 
 anxietyin5words this fucking identity crisis country. i cant even enjoy my weed with yall stressed out mofos. stressing me out.
 texas needs some weed and to chill tf out smh 
 swear i have the worst eyebags today i look like i just smoked 5 bowls imexhausted
 my hair dont smell like smoke 
 i cant wait until marijuana is completely legalized in illinois. im tired of getting judgemental looks because i wanna toke this bowl now
 yea i only smoke cigs when i drink  takes one sip of beer 
 buy weed or get a haircut. shit.
 @him650 lmao cant smoke in ubers
 its almost dinnertime at @brickyardwineampspirits 5 to 8pm. pork belly  smoked asada  thai shrimp.
 @fityshadesofred think theyd be pissed if we sell weed outside amp they cant get to it i sure hope so @collins11m @mrcrabbypants
 today my therapist suggested i start a weed smoking club amp get a tinder im done
 dont forget weed and beer  tequilapussy 6 super bowl recipes that will blow your taste buds away  
 mexico citymumbai smoke amp mirrors  eddie abreu @ninefiveed has a way with cocktails and smoke. 
 just posted a photo @ hempstead lake state park 
 bring love  bring weed
 i dont smoke pet peeve tbh lmaooo jk
 i thought glaucoma360 was a weed thing tbh
 i must have a lot of time on my hands  sitting down to smoke a 7 inch cigar 
 when ur family who is allll 10 years older than i am is smokin out of an electric canabis vape
 still aint smoke
 home girl was gullible and put her and friend in danger. all over a nigga and some weed.
 just got home to the neighbors smoke alarms going off. if i have to evacuate because theyre burning us to the ground  im gonna be so mad.
 lmao i dont smoke joints unless jerrys rollin em
 who trynna smoke with me
 i feel like smoking marijuana
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 all i wana do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed really nothing too drastic 
 you on that mid tho lol and who you get your weed from 
 now im gonna smoke this pre roll i got from this medi
 what even is weed
 i dont want yo hoe she just break down my weed sometimes
 if theres one thing i hate in this world its some reggie ass weed
 if you smoked hes shit you will understand me rn and i smoked it out of the bong
 yall kansas weed be kmtfo early thenna bitch 
 no respect for mfs who run off on the plug just to smoke the shit like u gonna do dat make some money broke boi tf
 you get gun smoke  u dont want no cancer
 gotta smoke after i leave this bitch omm
 god damn it brenda i told you to change the batteries in the smoke alarm
 i dont care if you smoke cigarettes  but when its 20 degrees in winter you really cant just roll the window up in the car and wait 
 its lit smoked salmon  cheese  eggs  and hash brown 
 lets not get lost in the weeds here. bottomline  she is unqualified for the position and has conflicts of interes 
 i always say just do a light wash of color on the lids  youre going to work 15 mins later ive got a fierce smokey eye.
 happy shatterday take amp tweet a photo of your favorite form of cannabis with weedmaps for a chance to be featured 
 havent smoked a black amp mild in so long
 this nigga smoked a ghost pepper  
 my mom is a true homie  she didnt snitch on me to my dad about me being drunk and smelling like weed 
 shout out the love for the smoke amp chill @anightinthe6ix 
 i do not smoke 
 for those of you that smokegrill  which of the following do you use
 i like smoking my weed with my friends
 ottawa fire crews have working fire under control at 533 buchanan cres.. two residents with smoke inhalationin care 
 why did i smoke before work
 can it be spring already so i can be in sky valley w my friends and tons of weed 
 smoke weed in barret station texas. its only right we jamm the da gas way
 dad stop sleeping. its ok to go out and do things me ok so ill just start partying and smoking weed bc thats all there is to do in ss
 mexican national living illegally in denver caught with over 50 kilograms of marijuana | doj  
 since nobody trynna match ima just smoke this facial and vibe
 h8 that sams preggo bc now we cant smoke together 
 just about to wash clothes and smoke a blunt i guess 
 i want my neck to be kissed on while i smoke this blunt
 my life makes me want to smoke weed. im gonna smoke some weed. hows that for some stimulation bye
 im bouta just smoke and forget about everybody and everything 
 i went into this tattoo place and it smelled like evil...they were smoking marijuana jill
 my dads been making hints that he would hit the gas again but idk  he hasnt smoked in decades. he might end up in the hospital lol
 just performed at a hostel lmao it was lit free weed and beer too 
 all niggas do is smoke on snapchat lmaooo im dead 
 this is what happens when you consumed enough alcohol and weed to last you until 2 and you end the night at 12 you start tweeting deep shit
 holy smokes
 i still wanna smoke more 
 @yatesanna24 bates motel  90210  weeds  bloodline
 clichy is so shit bro. holy smokes
 holy smokes naw im about to cry. this boy is utter greatness 
 i forget just how gross smoking is until i take an uber ride in a smokers car. fun fact its a prius.
 no matter what happens  just smoke and recline
 brownsugar sweetglaze chickenfingers frenchfries smokeybones bbq @ smokey bones bar amp 
 somebody asked me why i smoke   i told them the feeling of being chill is amazing 
 i loveeeeee smokey eyes 
 @sellis1994 @waltonagseed ahh. i put 40lbs on last time i grew oats. grew 100bu. barley must need more n whats weed control look like24d
 in need of some alcohol or weed
 no way ....glad i just smoke weed 
 gotta be talking bout smoke.. whew lmao smh 
 hope all u stoners out there smoke some super bowls today hehe 420 d
 painted for 12 hours  finished four pieces  smoked a pack and a half  and grew one gray hair all in one night
 churchkey holysmoke scotchale peaty smoke nose  dark choc malt w peaty smoky finish campbellford ontario beer 1620 
 my mom just asked me what the song was that goes like said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed ...
 finns smoke a couple then watch this game
 gonna smoke a bowl in the bath with my lush bath bomb. i love when my parents are away
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414
 done smoking weed for a week 
 holy smokes   140 falcons 
 im waiting till halftime to smoke. cuz i wont be paying attention to gaga
 these days youd rather smoke a joint forget the feeling of the extra point
 well i just found out via my sister trying to bash jeffree star via yelling that she does not support rec. marijuana
 jussss scooped me weed and a pizza but im missing a 40
 did i just catch martha making a cannabis joke
 i really need to smoke bad right now
 lets smoke
 we really dropped the boys off at the bar to get drunk while we go smoke a couple blunts  thats college..
 i dont smoke crack muthafucka i sell it
 @capricavanni dam you look smoken hot sweetie
 fun fact im allergic to marijuana. and no i didnt try it  i just know from being around it once or twice  not complaining though.
 do you realize that march madness is hella soon..holy smokes man...holy friggin smokes too dang excited
 someone mail me weed.
 all my weed is gluten free vegan sweety
 obama definitely still smokes weed. after what hes been through he deserves it.  overheard in my 12th grade art class today
 i have a midterm paper to write but i need midol and some weed first amp for most
 let me leave her frog looking ass alone she dont want no smoke 
 this veteran is on board with senator erpenbach represent taylor and their medical marijuana proposal  statewide r 
 @ajabgreen rumor is that someone tried to smoke a blunt 
 cool smokestack across from our lunchspot 
 i cant smoke no mid i smoke everything top shelf facts
 i just wanne see u smile i just want to make u mine u would could spend time to smoke away time we could go anywhere
 i literally have my straw sitting in my heater waiting on this hoe to dry.. oh well lol cant smoke out of a wet straw
 on godforget to tie yo shoes its because of weed 
 celebrating my first adult snow day....still being an ideal with hard boiled eggs  cured bacon  a hemp milk latte  and work 
 i jus want that one girl i can eat all day   smoke amp make money wit 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1722 aliceanna st  send message.
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 last indoor home shot putpole vaultweight throw meet tomorrow at hempfield at 530 p.m.  come out and watch some of best in the state
 lol i guess im the worst kid in the world cause i smoke weed 
 i know this sound ridiculous and kinda like a snap but theres literally no way to get high without failing a drug test  just wanna smoke
 this doode next to me smell like a bag a weed
 still tryna figure how i only smoked once today
 bb kings ny lyricist lounge presents mobb deep  20th anniversary of hell on earth  w pete rock  smoke dza  amp camp lo february 16  2017
 kstate booing bragg for smoking weed like no one at manhattan smokes 
 @ragingbabe i can totally smoke a bag of that. the golden age seem so fun. i can see you with white gloves and mink around your neck
 lebron smoked a wide open layup and then hits the hardest 3 of the game for ot
 my weed young like caillou
 this guy wants to come over and smoke and im just gonna let him come over and tell him about my guy problems the whole time 
 im wearing a pink pussy hat and going to a weed store. i am seattle.  friend visiting from north dakota seattle progressive legal
 @profshroomish at least its smoke doesnt look like it was animated by a 4th grader anymore or else itd lose aesthetic appeal too
 smoke good weed amp drink good lean
 im ready to smoke my joint amp call it a night. for tommorrow ..
 sf205 new a bill for an act relating to the medical cannabis act  reclassifying marijuana  including tetrahydro... 
 10 12 stinger worms  color smokin purple. yes they are on top of the smoke stinger worms 
 @shakeitcalli @nchick80 kips in chicago july 15 for the windy city smokeout.
 you a smoker bro im finna carry tha whole team thats why live for dawg but if me and you on tha same team we gon 
 i hate deland smh who has weed
 next month is when barney smoked his last cigarette
 yall i swear i done listen to @jayytune1k part bout 3 times on nba smoke lbvs
 next two days off i think that calls for a marijuana kart 8 bender....
 130 in the morning and im about to go smoke a blunt w steven and isaac like i dont gotta be up at 5am for school. 
 i havent smoked in over a month  im dyin
 mmj can treat pets  as they have cannabis receptors as well. 
 if i smoke  this blunt bby you might as well loose my number 
 oh yeah mario has the right idea tune in  turn on and smoke out 
 mothafuck a wedding ring just smoke an get wasted
 3 grams in my backwood just so i could smoke good
 @thesarafree evacuated after report of smoke. fire officials are onscene  investigating.
 please stop telling me how hard u r working on ur game when u  spend so much time with girls chillin on social media hangin or smoking weed
 this why i smoke broccoli 
 so to whoever smoked in the girls bathroom amp tried to cover it with a ton of perfume
 nahh fr ion even smoke but i tell everybody to shop with bro 
 today we have a smoked sockeye club on tuscan with smoked bacon  blue cheese  caramelized onion  hummus amp greens numefood
 @gwatsky enjoying all that legal weed
 she dont even smoke but she swear i got that dope dick
 stay positive amp have a great day everyone.  positivevibes @ vaporizeme smoke amp tobacco 
 @vanillabitxh see you at the chain smokers
 i just ate 2 weed brownies 
 @rebecklyn @connorsayswhat for someone that doesnt drink  smoke or party i always enjoy it. theres also great hiking spots in the desert
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2020 harford rd  send message. 
 and my down time wood be weed grows   and chilling to the maximum of so icey
 i smoke alottaa weed to keep them bxtches off my mind  @ texas 
 tobacco smoke
 ninjas like my swag they know my smoke
 if u smoke reggie  coo. im not judgemental. now if you try to match some reggie  you gotta get the fuck outta my face with yo goofass 
 never understood why people smoke cigarettes knowing how bad they are for you 
 comcast 66 broadcasting mccaskey  hemp game tonight
 i can legally fuck a horse in most states but god forbid i smoke a little meth
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414
 finna go to the weed man i wanna smoke to can you stand the rain
 i want to win this watch the challenge with a champ contest because i want to smoke hella weed with @mtvbananas.  thechallengeinvasion
 im bout to smoke my first spliff i think thats the correct term im pretty excited lmao
 fuck bro i lost my weed. im going to bed.
 @cnn @sensanders @tedcruz thank you panel. cruz has offered zero. hes a smoke screen. bernie is solving everything.
 its cool to have someone to bring around to chill and enjoy their company. like yes  lets smoke a blunt  cuddle  n talk about everything
 life for me is just weed amp brews 
 yes i love her like pussy money weed pussy money weed 
 @bigdawgjayy  spend all they smoke on them hoes gotta tax or cant reup 
 i swear i stopped smoking now when i smoke niggas b getting high off one hit 
 fauxcahontas pretended to be a minority for personal gain. she lied. let her send smoke signals. letlizspeak
 just saw a healthy amount of white smoke come out of the left engine on dl227 to slc. everything seems to be fine now...
 rich amp dex  smokepurpp amp lil pump  and x amp skii. the dynamic duos 
 i havent smoked in 5 months
 smokey eye  medium foundation coverage  light highlight amp contouring  smokey black with a 
 jerk wings with love @ the smoke house 
 kamin what can you do to get rid of marijuana smoke in the air
 @govmattmead  legalize marijuana. this would create jobs  provide money for our school districts nd cut down on the cost enforcing the laws.
 personally i like my broccoli steamed  idk why anyone would eat it smoked  but to each their own either way  it s 
 headache weed stomach hurts weed  stuffy nose weed  fever weed  u ugly weed
 lunch  buckwheat crepes with smoked salmon and roe. poached egg and hollandaise put it over the 
 shout out weed maps
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2601 west lexington street baltimore  send me 
 betta get you some brews and some smoke 
 @ontherocksdc we were headed to ivy city smokehouse but ditched for aris. not disappointed.
 @thcnetworkinc will somebody tell me how many years is dueprocess  california past medical cannabis in 1996nc cannabisroycoopertruth
 cant sleep anymore  what is life  even weed isnt helping....
 harrison mcintosh and james lovera for weedpot wednesday. 
 its not just that sessions is a racist he is. its that he said good people dont smoke marijuana. the reductive moralism is repugnant.
 a white nationalist on the nsc attorney gen. that said  the ku klux klan was ok until he learned they smoked marijuana. jeffsessions
 fantastic  informational flick on marijuana. educate yourself. @theculturehigh 
 i get so annoyed with people who post weed  xanax  etc. on snapchat. like why lmao
 @clearwaymn wondering what the official clearway mn position on recreational marijuana is
 love jeff sessions. i just wish he was lenient with weed. hey. dont give me shit.
 let the smoke clear.  commercialpier lauderdalebythesea ftlauderdalephotographer 
 need marijuana
 melodime rockboat @ skippers smokehouse 
 i keep a blunt rolled jus in case she wanna smoke
 sober as shit havent smoked in damn near a week or two i feel like james brown 
 nigga smokes .5s outta dutches still amp lives at home wit his momma amp think i need his shit brokeassnigga heneedsomemilk
 hey guys i had two hits of weed and things are weird rn and i cant stop eating help
 its probably like a good 5050 weed smoke to pollution. breath deep. 
 id done smoked i need a bar 
 same so i just smoked sum 
 i only got like 2 jays left and i really need to smoke so if my pack man dont pull up inna morning like he say imma be mad af 
 in state budget in case they cant get union givebacks  where are the new revenues tolls  legalization and tax of marijuana
 damn everybody smokes 
 nova ate weed today  wtf am i gunna do with her
 niggas wanna kill everybody but trump i dont get itsomebody smoke that nigga
 @rcamposduffy in other words chick  dont try to blow smoke.  the republican party is now the party of racism and sexism and you can own it
 once i walk in you can smell me  weed be louder than a band.
 why do people still wear weed clothes like its 2017 pal everyone smokes weed now.
 hemp can do more than produce marijuana. it can produce cloth  paper  and rope. hemp making paper from hemp is more economical.
 very true whats really going on smoke amp mirrors are blinding media they are on rabbit trials chasing what tru 
 got a roast in the smoker tonight we celebrate congrats ag sessions i think we are going to love you 
 dont legalize weed  said the haggard regular downing his fourth beer amp a cigarette in his hand
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 105 parkin st  send message. 
 im convinced ms duffy smokes weed everyday
 god plants dreams. the enemy plants weeds.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1317 west pratt street baltimore  send messag 
 i got places to enjoy with you roll it up and smoke a joint with you
 @fact in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @jojoh888 @carrieksada omg. thats hilarious. they probably gave him a smoke to hold up that sign.
 bald nigga got smoked out by his dad lmao 
 @realdonaldtrump watch my video series called marijuana  rthuff415@gmail.com the people need medicinal weed  not ignorant politicians
 just smoke for the first time in weeks and let me tell you somethin... i.am.lit.
 mildly manageable and pleasant.  drinking a dank amp sticky by @thehopconcept @ smoke eaters   
 yall smoke blacks
 ade i wish you was here so you can tell me how much of a nut i am while we smoke or drink one...
 she just want to ride with me and smoke up all my weed so our road that moon rock up and she went straight to sleep
 my mom wont even go in a weed store 
 @itstravie710 you a bit older. and im pretty sure i put smoke you anyways
 my housemate sitting here smoking weed laughing  and going this is better than t.v. look at your outfit. etc yeah. what show.
 not overly smoked. has a good flavor. needs to warm up a bit.... smoked brown porter  photo
 boo said he dont wanna do nothing this weekend for his birthday but be in the house with me amp smoke 
 we can solve the banking and cannabis dilemma.  the solution is within reach.
 lets smoke this reefer lieutenant.
 @bennythesnitch @foxnews @potus unbelievably this many liberal idiots born without brains  must be the pot they smoke
 this venti smoked butterscotch latte is giving me life.
 ganja queens tonite at @461churchstreet 9 pm onward. come early to get your seat @ cannabis 
 @daneggenwpost smoke screen  they will prob spring a new eo this weekend
 cascara latte smoked butter scotch. very delicious. 
 @claytravis @twitter @darrenrovell id definitely pay something and weed out a lot chaff.
 next bitch or nigga to disrespect me im going to light a blunt amp blow the smoke in their face 
 you smoke cigs wow thats so hot and totally not gross please post more about it im begging
 @modsun come smoke with me my hip movie
 you cant get caught wit weed if you smoke it all 
 manee i dont like niggas  i rl love smoke
 ok i just want to smoke some dank ass weed. pls amp thank u.
 might have a sesh... kinda wanna smoke
 wish i had some pot smoking musician friends in cypress. could go for frequent smokejam sessions
 all i do is smoke penos.
 @caticooney smoke one 
 i just rolled a blunt and im debating so hard if i should take a bath and smoke it or not be extra and just smoke it
 someone give me a weed   @robertocortes
 pick me up and ill smoke you out
 what is smokey the bears middle name the.
 just maybe medical marijuana could help this disease too.  its a shame the big pharmas have to play these games wi 
 @elijahdaniel i want to invent weed candles that give a light contact high lol. dank pumpkin spice will be the first scent. lol i can dream.
 i love people who appreciate the smell of the tree...i hate you if you make that ugly ass face when the smoke blows ya way
 let em smoke  so they dont fuck you up 
 going to scoop my weed man so he can roll blunts for me all day lmfaoo
 jumbo smoked chicken wings comin off the racks hot  saturday fun smokedout wedeliver   6362651234 
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in carrollwood  fl 
 @kaligdubxl well i was with a friend older and they were smoking some out of this planet kinda weed
 ab416 new cannabis. 
 the smoked fish dip was great. nice amount of dill. @seaworld 
 that dope smoke. @chiefkeef 
 im at hermans smokehouse in topeka  ks 
 dont smoke but this shit killed me 
 i also wanna smoke a blunt 
 only women who smoke cigarettes can suck dick amp actually make you cum from head alone.
 @psychchipmunk  they posted something today. said it was an appreciated smokescreen. if thats a smokescreen
 no lie one of the side effects of weed is lack of sexual performance.
 im tryna smoke bookoo bouts before we slide . so who matching what 
 such a good feelin knowing you still have hella weed to smoke
 macedonia fd assisted with aerial truck and the twinsburg apt fire is now out. one person was treated for smoke inh 
 whos tryna smoke
 @bmichael9x yeah the bars i frequent there super divey bloomfield spots  still let you smoke
 whos down to smoke some weed
 if i smoke this blunt im gone forget you
 i just want to smoke and chill around some cool folk
 im tryna go smoke a blunt.. so can one of these bitches knock each other out lmao
 sheesh  who bought a smoke signal i bet a helicopter started circling over them 
 @republicnola you took a 20 for 2  5 tickets amp didnt give me a wrist band  can i go smoke a cigarette or nah
 wish i had a rillo or papers to smoke before going to bed
 i smoke to forget about certain things. thats one chapter of my life i enjoyed greatly. cold turkey
 i dont know why people just smoke to look cool lol   i just like being faded mannn
 the party  for me  is not the event. the party is when i leave the event and smoke a blunt on the way to mcdonalds.
 brush fire  smoke in springhill on us 19 both nbsb at hexam rd and us 98 traffic 
 few years ago yall had so much to say bout smokers now half da tl smoke weed
 holy smokes 
 man led zepplin aint no joke  i can fight to it  workout  smoke weed to it  take a slab of acid  sleep to it  fuck to it. beautiful music
 press release  statement is dont give them no bammer weed 
 @siemenswhistleb there were 3 growstores when i first moved here  all 3 closed  i think its all in the big mmj plan. smoke but no grow.
 @oldschoolbyu you should try it in a smoker
 chain smokers
 damn thats what the chain smokers look like grammys
 ima sit back and smoke these blunts
 i feel like i shouldnt have smoked before watching beyonc preform  that was tripping me out
 a decadent cannabis strain to try that plays off your energy level. 
 smoke weed everyday 
 someone smoke wit me
 how is it that when i would come home after a party my mom knew if i hit da weed even 1x now she give it to me every time im in the town
 done lost my weed 
 when you go to a function and smoke before... 
 why did i drink and smoke knowing damn well my black ass got work in the morning where are my anglosaxon morals
 if i could smoke  
 i already know save me a blunt smoke 1 wit ya 5 
 i bought hot cheetos because i know once i smoke im gonna want something to eat lol
 @trailerparkboys trevor  cory..... smokes come on
 i dont think this person has ever even tried weed if she wearin shoes like these  
 .@kaitlinols losing relationships over trump support was the best way to weed out all the useless people in my circle of contacts.
 @ntpfisher @extraptbo holy smoke.
 just chillin like a villain. its my day  off and no cooking today so im just gonna smoke weed and play my ps4 all day.   mondaymotivation
 idc what u say bruh weed is heawphy
 music  sex  n weed is my life 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1007 north monroe street baltimore  send message.
 im gonna tweet riri every single day until she smokes a joint with me
 @lautncr no  im just saying me  you  weed  and love.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2950 phelps ln  
 aint coming for the nugget   i want the whole chicken   holy smokes aka @comsmoook
 our smart battery found its perfect match to celebrate valentines day  take 14 off smoke alarms at 
 shoot your weed man if the dope aint smoking
 @grrlsam i wonder if china is why theres a smoke option .
 come learn from women who pioneered cannabis research  activism  amp business in the bay and me too wvc womengrow 
 it should be illegal to smoke cigarettes in public g
 dopest dope ive ever smoked
 might stay in the trump tower for one week. spray paint all the walls and smoke weed.
 i smoked for the first time in months yesterday and i think it literally made me retarded. i cannot spell worth a shit anymore.
 i thought all he does was vape but...he fucking smoked a fucking cigarette right in front of me
 i think im acting out cus i need to smoke amp fuck. idk.
 fuck with me and get smoked or fuck with me and smoke too
 any chance trump and his administration could just lay low for a few days  maybe smoke some pot  get lost in comics  quit making noise
 tell me your parents find out you smoke weed stories
 @ayeallisonn @chriistoker this jawns smoked out hahahahaha
 does anyone wanna match it bc i really dont wanna smoke alone
 well its not like spicie has ever lied or mislead us...crap smoked too much weed  im speaking nonsensical 
 running out of weed should be against the law 
 if you can buy alcohol cigarettes weed ...etc.. all year long...you can buy your significant other at least a card 
 @katicavanaugh me wait why im for marijuana legalization...honest...
 idk if i should smoke this headache away or what. i need to make a decision before 4 cause i gotta work 
 i feel like going smoke 
 reset facebook password 18777766261 to weed out your problems now facebookhackedaccount facebookhacked 
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 0 ne 148th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000013561 0133 pdx911
 a friend of mine that smokes pot regularly was just diagnosed with cataracts  and now i dont know what to believe
 @suzieesnow mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @hittinlickshoe mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @djdirtydollarz mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @lootchi mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @qwizzykaine mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @dloothekidd mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 how about a hemplify tropical fruit with tinley caribbean rum or berry passion with tinley amaretto hempextract 
 @sparkxflexxin21 mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @awwstenn mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @heavenatnight mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @camgrant mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @freddypjones mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 50lbs of weed in a brand new car from mexico bhahaha thats a new way to bring weed in 
 @smookbahunniid mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @shakaylasade mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @beejayejigga mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @buttegal i think he may have just learned flynn was resigning and saw his 3 week old term going up in smoke....
 love the weedy edgeit 
 im tryna smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 33423398 east fayette street baltimore  send 
 getting addicted to posting up at the smoke n snack 2 
 if ya would relise the amount of weed i smoked ya would tell me to cut down rs
 anybody want to smoke with me hate smoking by myself
 just walked in to class and weed smell just hit the fuck out of me 
 today the tn house health committee hears testimony on the potential use of medical marijuana for treatment of pts 
 smoking weed  dodging feds cause my head hard
 holy smokes.  this should be in textbooks. students should study this as an example of the power of personality vs 
 bouta smoke all say
 it takes me 5 hits of weed to leave my body because of how fucked my anxiety is
 highly likely  all smoke and mirrors 
 where there is smoke there is  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 333 south pulaski street baltimore  send mess 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 13001312 n wolfe st  send message.
 yo they getting smoked you shouldve tuned in  
 finally back in cali smoking loud and dont gotta worry about going to jail for a bowl of weed lmfaoo
 @trutherbotgreen nuclear is evil  marijuana heals 
 now my room smells like weed  
 my loves on this day we celebrate those we love  sohappyinlove thankful @ mojo smokehouse  
 valentines day dinner includes smoked mahi with leaks amp sweet peppers  linguini with clams in wine  garlic amp butter 
 so all my weed candies were gone amp the bottle of vodka i had was empty....
 nobody cares. smokescreen. trumprussia russia russia 
 you kneaux what iii smoke. . amp you cant see me 
 bout to smoke this blunt  shower and go to sleep work in the am...
 so im at my cousins and she wont smoke this blunt cause she tapped out 
 bitter leathery smoked tobacco  drinking a mythical creature by @903brewers @ de leon  texas    photo
 i just wana smoke amp my baby brother just keep waking up 
 just now set off the smoke alarm 
 lets smoke and do homework baby 
 this lady smokes while being pregnant  classic
 my brother tryna get me to smoke 
 who tf has a smoke near garden 
 almost got killed at smokey bones but its fine
 but like only one puff every night like a sleeping pill. after week 7 im gonna smoke like a fucking stoner
 considering moving back to new york just so i can smoke out of my bedroom window again
 lmfao somebody come smoke with my gay ass 
 @nytimes where theres fire  there s fire we are beyond smoke
 plano fire working a fire at the corner bakery near collin creek mall. heavy smoke showing. 
 we are looking for just one lady to join us for threesomes  to chill with  to smoke  turn up  get drunk
 @mikeandmike mmdreamfight cheech vs chong high on weed
 cant find an oyster knife anywhere come to smokeampbones woodshed  rincon ga  
 it was a banner year at the bender house  smoke up johnny. 1985 
 why do i sound like a smoker today
 since im up  ima smoke this blunt
 @sandybonham95 well there is smoke of actual treason
 fake news out your smoke ass in a position you know nothing about impeach this know nothing sob  
 .@repkevinbrady on cnn re trumprussia before we start a forest fire  lets see what the smokes all about. 
 .@nyspolice 28yearold man found with more than 2 pounds of marijuana during i90 schodack traffic stop 
 nigga who bout to smoke crack 
 fake weed 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 822824 west lombard street baltimore  send message.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 885 west lombard street baltimore  send message.
 everytime i smoke i got robbed earlyyyyy lol
 being with you by smokey robinson is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 if you dont wanna smoke you aint gotta babe rollin up by myself tryna find a way
 doctor your still drinking and smoking marijuana des yesh  doctor alrighty thats good
 bout to take a hot bubble bath  and smoke  a backwood at the same time 
 @realdonaldtrump  weedout all obama employees  hillarydig all you can for all the moles  snake obama is behind everything that happen 
 i only smoke dutch master palmas or the raw organic hemp papers  nothing else
 i swear who would smoke on an elevator it smells like mad men in here
 the smoked brisket qdoba commercial makes me think theyre going to fuck the burrito into my mouth.
 its 9 am i have nothing 2 do but smoke but im completely cool wit it
 who can give me a ride later around 1 i will smoke you out or give you a free small shoot 
 @1averagecolorer that nigga gotta be trollin smh i aint seen weed that looked like that in god knows when
 my friend who doesnt smoke yeah his ex left his weed fibers all in the couch so we had to clean it up.
 dont leave your weed fibers laying around you disrespectful fucks.
 i got all my problems but i dont go no weed
 after last night i want a girl who doesnt smoke
 ive got my iced smoked butterscotch. everything is going to be okay.
 when trump wants to deflect like this am he always attacks hillary. another smokescreen to cover up his collusion with russia.
 die when i may  i want it said of me that i plucked a weed and planted a flower where ever i thought a flower would grow. abraham lincoln
 when they ask you do you smoke weed at the doctor and you just sit there like 
 soo whos coming over to smoke hmu frfr  
 cleared construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e  southern state...
 i just want gas smoke in the air 
 blue light up smoke illusionled 
 just got the reup on some alien weed bout to flip flip flip
 theres only one person that love weed like me  . so lit
 @prisonplanet somebody needs to smoke that fat pig michael moore and i dont mean barbecue style either. lol
 feature your cannabis business where the professionals are   join now 
 my grandmother sent me a poster with a hotline to quit smoking i dont even smoke.
 light the reefer pass it to the left told her hold it in let it burn to the end then well smoke again.
 they knew we was too cool to smoke crack so they introduced us to percocet   zanies   and codeine... and made it fly and fashionable..
 jeff sessions good people dont smoke marijuana.  we will teach every american to be good  like president trump. 
 smiertka joked theres an unzoned area by the state capitol. think gov. snyder is down for capitol cannabis
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3117 brendan avenue baltimore  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 649 dumbarton avenue baltimore  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 6 north bruce street baltimore  send message. 
 @ohhpriscilla @miguellrodzz old people smoke the loudest
 love the smell of fresh grounded weed 
 niggas down here smoke bacon
 too many people dying in homes by fire. supposed to be safe place. smoke alarms amp escape plan messages not getting thru.it can happen to you
 i dont smoke at all so 
 @zoerosieee lol thats how i did it in miami  i guess ill have to reboot the ol tinder profile for weed purposes only
 my body feels shitty when i dont have any weed. im dying here mannn  i just wanna get paid
 dont smoke in my house
 this guy was really smoking weed  and listening to dubstep in his car at school. like damn  i thought 2009 was over already 
 @jonasmariah420 check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @cosijeans check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 when i can just lay back  smoke a blunt  rub my back or somethin  you know im sayin let me vent to you sometimes baby.
 spent all afternoon and evening filling out forms for my ca cannabis nursery license. worms slowly eating my eyes wouldve been more fun.
 @senatortomdavis scac day1 of scac meetings  not impressed with sen hembreen comments regarding cannabis oil and medicine. maybe its me.
 @omarretamoza hahaha got eeemm i wanted to see what you would say but yeah smoking weed lol
 walking today guy sleeping weeds looked like body wrapedup i went kick it it jumped up. scared hell outa me
 sf261 new a bill for an act relating to prohibitions under the smokefree air act  and making penalties applicable. 
 when yo mom finds out you smoke and she ask you how many blunts have you smoked 
 he smokes at least twice a day im convinced 
 i feel like im getting second hand smoke when i smell somebody breath after they smoke a cigarette 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 2032 penrose ave  bulk dumped in t 
 i get so actual irritated when i see my mom let one of my siblings stay home from school bc now i cant smoke on the porch i gotta hide
 get over to @honkytonkkidbbq for the best smoked brisket ive had in waco. a review  
 this is all i want to do rn. i havent smoked in the longest  
 heard a guy at the gym say my girl is driving me to the point where i wanna smoke crack again....hahah what
 me hey could you not smoke in front of my kids gop its a free country me ok ill leave then gop snowflake stop insulting my rights
 @xococori you gone smoke and be ko 
 holy hell girl you might as well just smoke in the classroom.
 jeezy like to drink  jeezy like to smoke  jeezy like to mix arm amp hammer with his coke
 i like the way @fukcyeahjany looks cause she doesnt look like the type to smoke but i bet she smokes more fire than most other females
 when you learn about edible weeds and see  from your window  that your neighbor basically has a patch of mallow growly wildly. 
 holy smokes this is beginning to look like the limbo howlowcanhego 
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli  
 need to start a 4 hour daily podcast for a better reason to smoke and drink all day like @joerogan
 ill never understand why smoking weed is considered such a bad thing. so over it.
 i kinda wanna go to runway tonight. but knowing me  around 9oclock ill pussy out and just want to stay home smoke and eat.
 fml i was about to smoke outside and it starts raining like a bitch
 i can finally smoke again 
 this aint no friday coming like worm pull up and smoke me a nigga
 @cappoxcv smoke me out
 our @cityboibbq sliders. grilled beef link  smoked pork shoulder  and smoked chicken  
 whyd addie just ask if i gave the cat weed while i was sleeping
 in serious need of someone to smoke with rn
 idky i keep thinking my bong is gonna magically appear out of no where each time i wanna smoke smh
 this place is amazing smoketreeranch madre60 with @hsyoshioka @ smoke tree ranch 
 my mom about to eat weed cookies man
 @foxla you do realize thats a log and not marijuana...right...
 saw swear you smoke 
 i bought smoked rum earlier did you know that rum could be smoked because now i do
 lets go time to cloud the city with og smoke rolltide mobile alabama retrogang lickgang twistupentusmcra 
 the culdcept game is coming out here  holy smokes 
 wish i was home to smoke a blunt with my girls right now
 the fact that everybody smokes out here too is great
 mandy wanted smoked wings so i was like might as well put more meat on pit.5 hrs later i said nevermind and moved everything to ovens. lazy
 clearly they have not only legalized marijuana on planet democrat theres a mandatory minimum realtime
 i think i smoke one too many blunts today  @gucci1017
 love when i smells like drugs but have yet to smoke 
 @mantivs tru im allergic to...dust...lmao and some weed types make me sooo itchy and allegyish
 i used to give cigarette coupons out as random presents to smokers its like drunk dollars man
 this kid wrote in his admissions essay that he sells weed and how that shows that he knows how to run a business...
 2017 spring forecast @ hempy hollow 
 if you get some money and first thought to spend it on some weed or henny whats really good with you
 new muffins on the brunch pastry board. smoked pumpkin and dark chocolate chunk with just a lil 
 5 likes and @bradmcdougaldx will post a video of him playing smoke on the water
 finna smoke this wood ass naked
 there are a ton of brush fires going on around here. smoke plumes everywhere.
 @northampacerg done with 19th century energy technology. move into the 21st century and stop pushing smoke amp mirrors and gas as progress
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..hemp plant exposure..use..reported..increased f 
 @moganndavis happy birthday babes love you so much hope you smoke a fat blunt today
 im at the chick fil a on colorado blvd thats next to the strip club and weed store that the mayor owns and im thinking about life
 no i dont smoke weed im not a 17 year old boy
 this smokeshow  
 you can order weed and have it delivered in vegas. i need to move
 kampgs smoke shop phoenix ya know rain or snow ya gang go show up  mozzy @ phoenix  arizona 
 whispers weed hat girl 
 i wanna have an absolutely insane smoke sesh with these guys 
 @altlabor @kbeecee @kevinolearytv you want to talk vancouver weed policy with @breal to beat @justintrudeau
 i just wanna smoke and chill tonight . fuck a party
 lifes short  smoke a port.
 im going through so much mentally.. amp no amount of weed can ease my mind
 all anyone wants to do now a days is smoke pot and drink and brag about it. i mean  its cool do what you want but dont brag about it  lol.
 roll some marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 need weed phone home will pay in cash me
 no id smoke with him 
 i dont mind smoking your weed....not at all
 who tryna get smoked out come thru
 i wanna smoke but theyre showing my house today. i cant be that rude 
 debating if i should smoke before bed
 if the weed dont get you stuck then thats not weed. 
 cant wait to binge watch bates motel amp smoke a couple blunts with oomf 
 bout weed weed weed foh elephant man
 we lived separate lives  together.   todays brunch smoked salmon  avocado  tomato  toast  coffee. 
 happy 77th birthday to smokey robinson here he is performing shop around with the miracles in 1960. 
 vodka  weed  and i probably ko
 federal employees dont smoke weed and it may worsen the depression. im not taking any chances without a man to hold in bed at night.
 dayofremembrance our country couldnt weed out all the japanese spies in ww2  so unfortunately all had to be round 
 whats going on with smokepurpp and lil pump rn smh
 @walkofthecock because i have to work in mass.  and have to pay taxes there. so let everybody pay their  fair share smokers drinkers etc.
 i smoke like a walrus 
 @lockyodoor yet you smoked them last night
 when your mom find the weed in your room while you was turning up now you gotta go home and hear her mouth 
 nba allstar game  sushi and weed. sunday nights alright
 what comes around goes around  thats why i smoke tree.
 @walkingdeadamc nice use of the smokey and the bandit trailer
 all i need in life to be happy is weed amp wine
 @amctalkingdead anyone else notice the tribute to smokey amp bandit..the truck trailer
 i actually swallowed the rest of the weed and that was when i hit my personal low
 @yungpepe you a bitch you aint want no smoke 
 i smoke too much  the problems of a 20 something
 cigarette smokers 
 wanna smoke but dont feeling like rolling up
 4nem got smoke fa the low low
 i dont smoke phillies im a swisher man
 came upon this sign today. smokey bear looks like he just walked in on his parents making the beast with two backs. 
 the boys smoked me. @ fort lauderdale a1a marathon amp half marathon 
 this is cool this is what hapends to your mind when you no you got to smoke chris lets make that. i stem ana gose up.
 i wish i could order weed through a website like dominos and then have it be delivered to my house in 30 mins or less
 breaking fire  @ 16th terr amp oakley. thick smoke but house was abandoned. @41actionnews @kcmo @kcmofirechief 
 happy birthday dj smokey @jessegermaine
 i just need someone to smoke cuddle n eat w all day 
 aint smoked a newport since friday amp im feelin great.. hope i can keep it goin
 so apparently the walking dead is just the sequel to smokey and the bandit 
 i wish i lived on the north shore in the 60s selling tacos and weed
 i wanna go home  just to get some weed though 
 i just saw cannabis caucus ready to bump heads with trumps antipot attorney general cannabis 
 @youamessrellb ight man if thats what it is then i guess he better start watching when he gets tackled and stop smoking weed
 who has weed and blunts and wants to smoke ive got .
 not a single spark  ember or smoke signal 
 dont miss out on our smoker shirt if you havent ordered it yet dm us for the link 
 cici why dont u smoke  because my bestie does enough for both of us 
 monday night smoke choice cohibacigars wesmokin lotuslighters lesliesbarbershop 
 once i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you .. 
 if he was a real savage he wouldve smoked him in front of his daughter  
 this is why i smoke a j everyday before the 1.5 hour bus ride home faded
 finding ganja in charleston is going to be a task and a half for a good ol loski i guess
 worst people are the ones who talk about godly life yet sleep with someone different ever week  drink  and smoke. lol @ your hypocrisy 
 @therealtyoung @ponderingkylie @anelson666 @therealjebb @tannerrelfe y is this even an argument stick to weed
 we deserve a smoke break
 if weed does this to you get the fuck away from me  
 wont kill ya but i wouldnt do it. my buddy only did 2 marijuanas  woke up the next morning and he had turned gay 
 errybody smoke weed now 
 why did i think quitting stogies  weed  and booze all at one time would be good for me
 finna smoke then get in the shower
 fuck the last wood came out retarded now i aint got nun to smoke out of
 yet i find that...  not enough a weed has flowed through my lungs
 that train was driving me nuts dick weed the neighbors im sure were also annoyed
 ricky williams was weed weird. arian foster is chai tea incense magnet therapy acid weird.
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 someone come smoke a blunt with me
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign...  
 @njamesp chief beefy big smoke.
 your mcm smokes for the aesthetic
 my coworker saw my jar of weed and he was like oh you sell and i had to explain that thats my personal jar hahaha
 just smoked a e30 rn lol
 you say you want some smoke nigga puff it up 
 who trynna smoke a woood
 the cops always act like they busted some big criminal when its just a fucking kid smoking some weed. go catch real criminals
 sirceo @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  stoughton  ma 
 lmfaooooooo thats like me saying i dont smoke nomo 
 i havent smoked a cig in 2 days ....
 lmaao but why my math tutor  60 years old  asked me if smoke  
 i remember when smoke didnt fill my lungs
 @lawrence i am so happy that  someone has finally mentioned bannon who is running our government. trump is only a smoke screen.
 @ctvtoronto smoke alarms wouldnt matter if it were criminal in nature. gotta wonder what really happened there eh
 for best results weed. my4wordwarninglabel
 listen to smoke on outro by 6fo93 np on soundcloud 
 keep this in mind. theres too much smoke for no fire  folks. 
 the closest thing you can find to organic weed in seattle 
 we smoke up like everyday
 if you cant roll  dont smoke
 i need to get this bulk order together but im smoking weed instead 
 waiting for my nieces to ko so i can smoke my ass to sleep
 got this half a blunt so why not smoke it
 today i stood infront of a crowd n said i will not smoke weed and i am now sober and everyone clapped  than went home and smoked a fat blunt
 out of weed 
 you can tell which girls smoke solely for the aesthetic and which ones actually want to be high
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 frickin @uglyassfucks guitar guy took off after the show w my weed pipe again
 she just wanna smoke n fuck i say girl thats all we do
 holy smokes. this person reeeeeeeally doesnt have a clue what the current job market looks like. 
 understand you have goals and smoking isnt the best. but theres successful people who smoke... 
 the campus smells like weed
 holy smokes that was a life saver. smh.
 see our latest coldwater  ms job and click to apply class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 i really love when ppl walk in front of me and blow their cigarette smoke in my face
 only person i wanna talk to today is my weed man
 paid you every week to sleep on a couch and smoked your feen ass up on the daily lmfaoo  goodbye 
 omg i had to speak up because she was showing ecigs not weed vaporizers and saying ppl do drugs with them 
 amp smoke a morning blunt  
 i seen to be in a new realm of boredom. i have no desire for ganja  and i have tons of it. very strange. just no interest in anything.
 rolling around in the shitmobile tryna bum smokes 
 stonedbroadway into the weeds
 we can dance on the moon we can smoke one n talk
 @jimrome typical no cal. only winning at patchouli and weed
 i always knew bill maher was a piece of shit. what kind of person commits to that weedsmoking used car salesman haircut
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1727 mchenry street baltimore  send message.
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   como  ms hiring
 @bmoredrew also smoked this bad boy today. many thanks 
 @gothappyweed  here is some good music to listen to while you are rolling up the weed 
 nobody wants to smoke a blunt
 im about to buy some stock in whatever company owns the juuls that yall smoke the fuck out of
 also what ever happened to smoke coming out of the sabres logos when they score
 @kampeas gave pence yarmulke today and discussed white house weed out hate event... 3.45 minutes into clip 
 you cant smoke everybodys weed..nah
 starts selling weed at school
 if there is anything i miss about my last relationship its last night smoke sessions
 i just said doing weed amp smoking homework when someone asked me what i was up to
 my friends that like to smoke gas   wya
 you know when the window smokes your cigarette
 shes waiting in line to get her weed  
 why aint i smoked yet
 he is all smoke and mirrors  always has been. his biz record record is bot one of a leader  via @bipolitics
 theres people smoking weed in the walmart parking lot.. i see you  springfield
 sometimes i gotta just smoke a blunt and talk to jesus
 this is me when everybody on the block asks why i smoke too much @fraydejosefina lmfaoo 
 they literally smoke all day night amp dont party  so why of all times do they choose 1258 am on a week day
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 1800 block of ne wasco st  portland  or portland fire rp17000015897 0145 pdx911
 @glamdollll fuck it double weeding with you and isaic 
 if you have no job and all you do is smoke weed and drink by yourself at home. check yourself before you even come at me. k rant over
 have you tried the taco de puebla its smoked lamb shoulder  roasted garlic yogurt  and chipotle salad. 
  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 whats the deal with these cannabis schools  via @massroots love 420
 someone come smoke a b w me or sell me a g. i need a blunt asap.
 link smoke anyone 
 wish i bought weed so i can keep it in here instead of my emergency teabag  
 need an extra ganja ticket for tonight please
 wtaf lol gtgop congressman says terrorists can hide nukes in marijuana bales and thats why we need a wall 
 them hemp shits burn slow dab
 disgusting but for some reason its hot when j smokes 
 i havent smoked a blunt in weeeeeeks
 then there is schulte  herrs smoked trout salad  which i could eat nightly. mefood 
 hot. hot. hot. horseradish sauce hotsaucedguys @autograph @shawnwasabi wasabi.and.tofu hempseeds 
 @time never seen a mean stoner but more people end up in jail or dead from alcohol. dont smoke it but not against it either trump madness
 the snack food industry should be lobbying furiously for recreational marijuana. maybe they are and im just unaware.
 of course. but lets ignore tobacco  and alcohol. which cause thousands of deaths a year. marijuana  in case you 
 @youngjermzzz im talking about you. i swear all you smoke is reggie and roachies.
 is legal weed gonna go away now gotta reconnect w my dealer i guess
 expanding private prisons  cracking down on marijuana use  a coincidence.
 @lilfacetatt i miss you we havent even met but miss you bitch ill smoke this blunt for you n naomi
 my grandma and aunt just asked me for some weed
 @luckynr13 @hollyhendrix nice outfit holly i smoke too.
 apparently transgender issues is a state rights thing but not marijuana use  i feel like people use states right as an excuse.
 @vicenews what a fucking fool. you cannot compare the opioid epidemic and rec marijuana...big pharma is the root of the problem not weed
 if i dont smoke soon ima spazzzz 
 theyre only going after recreational marijuana to fill their for profit prisons. is that how those false flag things work
 someone smoke w me 
 @chani028 nope. ive never had a bad trip. ive gotten some bad weed before but thats about it. ha plus i smoke a lot haha lol
 makes sense considering i went from hard drugs to weed lol
 females are gods greatest creation.... and weed.... and blowjobs.. everybody lovesem
 @joiceea come smoke a fat blunt with your fave twin so you can feel better 
  spicer states will likely see greater enforcement of federal law against rec marijuana
 probs gon smoke with my dealer...she coo
 @knnypls i feel that  idk im weird lol i smoke but i hate the lingering smell of smoke in homes or cars
 white house expects justice department to step up enforcement of federal law against recreational marijuana 
 watching weeds.... again
 @cigarjavi thanks for the follow happy smokes
 i need friends to smoke with
 @eeghun @fox32news fox news amp @realdonaldtrump can suck it im buying weed anyway
 never even had weed close to me 
 pelicans are getting smoked
 i. need. weed.
 tryna smoke a blunt and listen to dropoutofschool @pouyalilpou @fatnick wya
 meatballs after some smoke. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app stores  or 
 i think the best part about getting over being sick is finally being able to sing again without sounding like an offkey parrot that smokes
 you make the flowers smile. @ smoke jazz club 
 shelby is my best friend bc she pulls over in hollywood to give me the little bit of weed she has so i dont have to scrape kief 
 a whole dub i gotta wait till tomorrow to smoke 
 funny thing is im not even an everyday smoker 
 im so ready to smoke ganja when i get off 
 its all fun and games till you get blunt smoke in your eye
 so i told this chick id smoke her out if shes down and she accepted my offer... problem is i dont even smoke haha what do i do 
 shower smoke schleep
 firefighters called after snoop dogg smokes out hotel room |   snoopdogg
 i think you should blow me what i said i think we should smoke some og
 this dyke smoked me out once  her strap was sitting on the dresser staring at me. thats sexual harassment right
 i suggest yall start listenin to smokepurpp
 its not a coincidence that trump announced theyre coming after the states who legalized marijuana the same day he reversed the prison ban
 dear @seanspicer   im confused  why are lgbtq rights a states issue  but recreational marijuana a federal issue please explain.
 @presssec @realdonaldtrump truth matters. cannabis is saving thousands of americans from opioid death and addiction. 
 i just wanna smoke weed all day
 i need some weed
 it sounded like a quiet swarm of bees  but mechanical. more like a bunch of weed whackers or a series of old electric fans.  scififri
 based on data gathered from other states where medical cannabis has been regulated  this article will result in approximately . . .
 im contemplating how stupid one has to be to compare marijuana use to opioid use.
 i wonder what the overlap is between people concerned trump is gonna take away their weed amp ones that said lesser if two evils staywoke
 @ohnohillno @dseaman @realdonaldtrump @danscavino @ivankatrump i know no one who smoke pot amp are addicted. if anything  it helps their pain
 cant stand cigarettes or when people smoke them in my presence
 like every morning when i smoke i just have this urge to want to clean
 im glad i decided to wake up and smoke because i caught this surprise frank ocean beats1 show. 
 i need some more weed tho
 he bouta peace out in his new crib and smoke hella weed to ignore all the shit he came back to. 
 the united flight attendants have all been smokeshows today
 a quinnipiac poll released the same day showed a solid majority of americans support legalizing both medical and recreational marijuana use
 this is insane. marijuana is a 1 billion industry in colorado. feds cracking down on it is absurd.  priorities
 met a tough lil bitch treat her ass like the dope get smoked lil bitch 
 keep marijuana illegal if you hate money @potus  do you know how fast we could get out of debt the jobs the hemp industry would create
 weed call it what it is weed should be left to the state legislatures and they should decide wtf they want to do with it
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5509 hamlet avenue baltimore  
 so to everyone thats gonna go see carti and smokepurpp add me on sc so i be there in spirit  @ brianatrujilloo
 pick lil mama up and put some weed in the air   now im smashin from the back and pulled her weave out her hair  
 .@madanabhat great thing we kept @sensanderss preferred candidate out of the white house  barely dodged federally legal weed. @joerogan
 ld708 new an act to use taxes on nonmedical marijuana and increase the tax on cigarettes to partially offset th... 
 @chloegmoretz the weed is all free   
 who in tempe sells bud and why is it so fucking hard to get a hold of here its fucking weed  my god  im tempted to just grow my own.
 mardi gras sneak peak tonight frog legs with smoked tomatoes  and garlic butter sauce  couldnt be better. 
 drinking a la brea brown by @fossilcovebrew @ smoke and barrel tavern  
 g nikes   geedie weedies  
 i dont wanna smoke alone...no one likes me
 your phone or ya weed about to hit the ground   which one you saving 
 i need some turtle weed 
 we get like 6 smoke breaks a day  but we work hard anonymous
 @realdonaldtrump usa is interested in jobs road construction freeways bridges jobs. taxes and getting rid of obamacare. its not marijuana.
 cigarette smokers 
 girl u is wasting smoke wyd 
 drink one more jameson and ginger... smoke a cigarette... and my power level gonna be over 9000
 i got weed tho ..i dont give af about this boy tho
 college is not for everyone  im just glad god blessed me with another day.  enjoying my friends company  and smoked the best bud.
 legalize cannabis worldwide its about  liberty basic human rights health jobs industry  end evil drug war  jd   
 dmx still smokes crack 
 people like this kill my high amp are the ones i dont smoke with anymore  
 i smoke than i eat... drink more than i sleep...
 the grits is smoking weed 
 trump needs to take a big fucking step back if he tries to fuck with marijuana laws.  does he have no idea how much its helped people
 @kurtcuffy throws the smoke away 
 @msnbc pls keep your focus on the facts speak to necessity of the danger of a smoke screen  double talk amp subject changing
 lmk why we found it okay to invite our uber driver back to our room to smoke 
 cash my check buy some weed and pay my rent fuck lmao
 out at the westside farmers market in santa cruz today 9am1pm with a limited supply of smoked amp oaked pippin. 
 @48228a finna smoke wyd
 @suestannett ty and you too. weeding  putting up birdhouses  making sauce  gorgeous weather  windows open.
 i just wanna smoke a blunt in the bath while wat hung avatar the last airbender. is that too much to ask
 happy birthday to the best grandma i could have @ caya smokehouse grill 
 who wants to smoke weed on the stoop tonight w me
 @debrakdabra @chelseahandler russia  a smoke screen  real issue are idiots like you chelshit lovers idiots promised would move still waiting
 ive been tryna smoke since the second i woke up 
 i need to smoke
 hot damn papaya  thats tasty.  drinking a smoke filled room by @hopbutcher @ the hop review hq    photo
 my neighbors had a baby revealing and there pink smoke everywhere 
 blunts and elotes at this smoke sesh  
 just saw some guys sign at walmart that said  why lie i need weed 
 i have no one to smoke with... bc my gf hates me
 atlfreestuff chair free gainesville great chair. no tears  animals or smoke. very very comfortable. please send 
 lorain mans trip to city hall ends with marijuanarelated charges 
 now @therealdonaldtrump is coming after your weed. flipflop 
 pulling the weeds dance   chicken dance and the observer ... shit just be lit @ titis 
 lets smoke 
 im so tired of filling the empty void with the i miss yous that turn into the smoke of your cigarettes.
 i know ive reached my art school low because i just smoked alone out of a la croix can
 making weed transactions over the phone in public cause its legal gtgtgt
 babe i just wanna get bandz  and smoke dope 
 i wish i had a gf that smoke 
 i will plant heart  shaped seeds of love and watch the compassion grow into a jungle of pure bliss with no weeds 
 what started as a simple smoke sesh lasted until 6a 
 i smoke every 5 seconds with my oil pen do u see me being lazy n not wanna do shit with my lifeidk what they smoking but maryjane got me 
 @saucemontana lies  old flows  cigarette smokers voices 
 you dont have to drink roll  smoke or snort to rave. some of the most euphoric experiences can occur by the plur 
 i be smoking rapper weed wit my gang
 @abitofcalvin maybe when we start calling it something less ominous than weed.
 last night smoke sesh w @tattoolovesla x @cecethemamacita x smokedeville x @all4eva. at 
 white cop now im gonna ask you one time  wheres the weed at
 the unicorns spine of gold rapunzels hair falling from the smokestacks
 i really believe dump is the fake news and the real news is about his ties to russia. he is the one blowing smoke. 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1329 holbrook st  trash. 
 where id rather be at a weed festival high as gas where i am in the library dying  springbreakwya
 thats when smoke was a smoke and groovin was groovin and dancin meant everything we were young amp we were improvin
 went to the shooting range this morning then treated myself to a movie . now home to my weed   homework and call of duty
 also goes  great with brisket chili.  drinking a dreadnaught by @3floyds @ smoke justis   
 how the fuck does jr not dive down and miss that  he just drove straight into the smoke  idiot nascar daytona500
 people  girls shouldnt smoke me high shit only  
 im ready to smoke and knock out
 i love cali... no weed license needed  
 @stayyg0lden okay then we can go to my car and smoke  if i can find the blunt 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign on bonus  
 ive never taken heroin.  ive had oxycontin to deal with pain and it was much less effective than weed
 on me cause imma still do me at the end of the day and thats smoke allot of loud a forget the bs  
 hey multi million  football player with everything to lose  why carry around 4.5 lbs of smoke in your car
 made baked bbq chicken  broccoli amp cheese  and white rice im bout to smoke and smash then lay it down i work 7am11pm tomorrow 
 i need to smoke 
 you smoke weed and shoot guns you a whole gangster really josh
 just posted a photo @ smoke restaurant plano 
 @danagee i have watched it twice and still gob smacked. dana  wanna go have a smoke
 @theybettercadas  lol well i dont smoke honey. 
 both but i smoke more 
 need some weed...jack playing...
 i stopped smoking when i had to go home in highschool because i thought the weed made me invisible 
 so no one wanna smoke
 im about to smoke my blunt amp ko
 @cernovich and legalize marijuana  a good bit of relaxation can do wonders for the psyche
 bout to hit the weed man  and head to austin.
 lmao ive smoked with the whole anne arundel county i swear
 im trying smoke loud i gotta smoke 3 blunts of this shit to get high 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 rantfortoday my brothers amp sisters amp all of you fellow patriots  weeds will flourish at any time that we fail to duly attend to our gardens
 really lost count on how many blunts i smoked last night
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed. i said baby just buy dutches cause you cant smoke for free
 @wildgirlkor where the weed at lol
 broccoli cheddar soup on the smokey joe. @weberacademy weberacademy  grilllog @ holiday inn 
 when your friends randomly come over to smoke you out gtgtgtgt
 who sale weed cake or brownies i need to relax
 first of all that doesnt need to be smoked it need to be in a museum or something. second  why you got enough time 
 the most advanced specimen  20 minutes into venue show weed smoker 
 roll my feelings in a natural leaf then smoke them hoes so naturally.
 canadian medical marijuana producer backs making testing data public   cannabis pharmamktg labtech qualitycontrol
 my coworker just shouted  i didnt know you smoke pot at me across the break room. 1. i dont. 2. even if i did  wtf
 we decided everything is heavy because i had wine and smoked lmmfaoo cause these mfs dont feel it.
 i need summer to arrive so i can smoke outside in fucking peace
 the smell of rain and smoke 
 can you od off of weed @nhynhh
 i smoke a blunt everyday to take the pain away
 i was bad af in elementary i couldnt wait to get on the bus and smoke chalk  yall wouldnt understand  
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 a visible representation of i dont pay for weed 
 aftergoodsexi smoke a blunt shakebackamp dive back in
 i will live w anyone. gay  messy  smokes weed  parties all night  etc but i draw the line at a roomie who microwaves eggs. its just wrong.
 smonk weed
 the last car i just worked on had a thick smell of cheyenne smoke and even tho the cars gone the smell is lingering  yey for me
 pinot noir for serrano amp loringwinecompany waiting for the green hillside to dry out to mow the weeds and disc. w 
 im honestly about to just smoke a fat ass bowl and sleep all day
 i smoke cantaloupe 
 i should go smoke on break 
 if there isnt one person who give a speech on marijuana   are you even in college
 i smoke before i do a lot of shit i gotta stop that 
 t8 a diet high in fiber  fruits  and vegetables and low in fat  regular exercise  maintaining normal body weight  amp dont smoke abcdrbchat
 these niggas smoke all day everyday but still late on the rent
 i smoked all the weed and ate your share of the pizza whilewaitingforyourtextback 
 so since weed decriminalized does that mean we can travel wit it on the plane now i mean i been doing that just curious
 i smoke the purple hues  i suffocate myself with herbal fumes
 eeee yay my class is canceled so i get to smoke till i go to work 
 this smoke burning the shit outta my eye 
 where boredom amp ganja meet follow me on snapchat  huggiemcfly 
 you drink about it  smoke about it  dont talk about it
 so fuck needles  fuck smoke  fuck lines that make the sinus choke
 got so many calls last night about the smoke from the panhandle fire all over town  so sad to see someone lost their lives there in it.
 i smoke a lot of weed but i could never forget ya  
 we were driving by the dispensary today and this dude on the other side of the street was holding a sign saying cheap weed  100 an ounce.
 welcome @drewtaggart  love your music and glad youre following us. you rock chain smoker
 really hot girl talking to me omg we should hang out yeah do you smoke um... no chancesareruined
 the people  that believe trump cares for them  put down the koolaid quit smoking the ganja and pay attention
 it smells like smoke why does
 @dakaylaaahhh i wish i liked to smoke
 you ever see two people in love... and then suddenly smell cigarette smoke
 thinking of trying out making ravioli with a sorta smoked shredded goat meat mix filling
 everyone smokes at jacinto park l
 kaison wont let me smoke  
 i didnt do nothing today  but thats ok. all i did was smoke and get paid.
 a newspaper rack in san francisco notice the advertising and yes that is pictures of marijuana 
 need cute friends that will smoke amp paint w me  
 @spacely you dont want this smoke
 i love when people think im a slut and all i do is drink and smoke so cute.
 who tryin to smoke  .... mention me or quote this 
 @snacpak2 fucking did not like how they finished weeds
 reup in the trunk blowin smoke at traffic stops
 @sensanders otal smoke amp mirrorsrepeal amp no replacementgtplanhad 8  yrs amp no plangop r disingenuous sociopathspathological liars wo doubt
 dreads @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 the hemperor why jack herer is a cannabis og  it is pronounced hairer and rhymes with 
 this nigga said told our om according to my job  i dont smoke. 
 fresh out of the smoker...so juicy and tender. pulledpork meatmatters  dinelocal osogood 
 i need weed edibles pronto
 i find it so rude when someone smokes in front of me. like kill your own body  not mine.
 detroit fire chief reports smoke showing  dispatch responds oh no you dont
 women who smoke are fuego  bitchwhatever
 my apartment complex just now found out people were smoking weed in their apartments. its been happening for years. yall are slow.
 theres literally enough weed to roll a blunt on my passenger side cause my friends messy asf 
 me everyday after i smoke my afterschool blunt 
 where can i live where i can be a successful model amp work in the cannabis industry all in one 
 does this mean the cia can spy on me through my smoker can they at least tell me when its 
 bruh ion see how niggas only gas and play 2k all day  i couldnt do that shit. maybe its cause i dont smoke or play video games 
 sigh.. id smoke weed right now if it wasnt an alleged sin
 free smoke 
 maybe its the marijuana lol 
 i complain that im broke but any money i get goes towards weed or food
 @tiarybnick we all need to link up asap and smoke sum doooope
 tbh i really only go on weed breaks because i love to read and focusing on reading is impossible when im stoned
 i hate when ppl smoke around my kid idgaf bout yours only mine 
 shawty you should roll with me  come over and smoke with me
 thats not even weed anymore 
 when your roommates set the smoke detectors off right as youre almost asleep 
 hey can you give me dollar amount me  ummm didnt you smoke yesterday people need to seriously prioritize amp move around
