 i dont smoke if it aint fuego
 niggas buggin out just legalize weed a little or a lot of weed never hurt anyone deefuck
 the much loved mcflys are back in both smoked and blue mirrored lens options and polarized.  at 
 i smoke back woods a dutchies you cant touch me realog biggie
 i take tokes of the marijuana smoke til i float like boats in the ocean  fosho im showboating
 faces   weed and editing
 @dopeitswilliam @andrwsup you pulled up just to smoke kevins weed and left
 bro omm im tweaking weed had me going up stairs that aint even there  @queeendeeeee
 boy im in colorado smokin california reefer
 need someone to smoke with cause i dont smoke that much i need to share lol
 me trying to sing ganja white night wawomp wawawawawomp womp
 whenever i tell someone  nah fam  im cool. k dont smoke anymore  i get this exact reaction why not every. single. time. 
 everything except weed  
 hop out with the beamget money  smoke weed sip lean
 my granny is one of the best. she game me weed an said roll up bc i know you gonna need it for tomorrow.
 stranger asked me if i was from bay area amp when i told him i have lived here for 10 years he asked me where the weed at. if only i knew. 
 seaweed 50 sea  50 weed.   ding
 .@realdonaldtrump it is not about that. it is smoke and mirrors so you can make sneaky maneuvers such as bannon and nsc.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 333 south pulaski street baltimore  send mess 
 upper darby police discuss arrests of two high school students for bringing gun  marijuana to school. im 
 fucking ganja into pretty lights ommmmmggg 
 thats the only way you getting some of dis pressure i been stopped selling weed. ima smoker.
 unless its like 100 bales of weed
 how you a trapper but you only sell weed 
 every time lindsey cleans the house she throws our weed out 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  customer to customer  reefer freight  
 if you enjoy rich full flavor sweet notes and a bold smoke  try our new dusk an amazing smoke  
 i swear to god if i was off today and aint have two tests ill smoke my life away cause my bitch is pregnant
 i have nothing against cigarette smokers  but i hate yall dirty ass
 @marcuslemonis @cnbc.  why marijuana businesses still cant get bank accounts  mar 22  2016  fdic not taking weed 
 so to all the folks who smoke blacks but not weed wyd
 i aint smoke none today. if ion smoke before the day ends i quit lol fr
 this girl next to @infinitylovee and i smells like weed bad. lmao 
 i dont smoke but i love all kinds of these pieces. id collected them cause they are all pretty. 
 sb233 new relative to the legalization and regulation of marijuana and establishing a committee to study the l... 
 trump threatened chicago  mexico and iran and hanged up on australian pm today is weed legal in dc someone should give him some 2 calm him
 rainee just told me she loves me more than cats and weed
 nahh we can smoke together every once in awhile 
 does hilltop really think theyre the only school tht smokes ha.
 when your boss gives you his keys tells you he packed you a bowl and to take his car and drive around the black to smoke that bowl homies af
 i need a girl to roll the blunt to smoke with me i need a girl that can make all this easyyyy
 hb1125 engross limiting the total number of retail marijuana licenses that may be held by a retailer and coown... 
 how did this lead to blowing smoke through a lifesaver
 like u knew u aint have super glue that whole time idek u how do u kno i smoke
 you cant remember shit cause you smoke that reefermy mom every day. 
 has what i smoke nigga
 gas what i smoke nigga
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1503 e clement st  left in alley. 
 drugs ruin ur skin thats why i smoke weed
 our new gouda flavors are delicious mango habanero  honey sriracha  and hickory smoked bourbon.  located at your lo 
 smoke more weed 
 done smoked all these packs separate  finna start
 the associated press descibes a crowd of berkeley students throwing smoke bombs  setting fires  and breaking windows as rowdy...
 i was talkin bout weed bitch 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 aussie call was a smoke screen for this story 
 n need 4 da weed
 i stopped using snapchat because all people do is lip sync  black screen depression quote and smoke basically everything i dont want to see
 @lovethatrailmix ...fine... but only if i get to be cremated and rolled into a joint to be smoked by my dearest
 if there was ever a time that i needed weed it would be now
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i wanna smoke pero like no friends
 just want to smoke and listen to debussy
 2 much lying 2 much russia and 2 much smoke yup. pretty much sums it up. 
 what a good   waiting so patiently for his person..and look  daddy came back. a quick smoke 
 just posted a video @ vegas cannabis magazine headquarters 
 im gonna blaze now this track makes me wanna smoke
 how can ppl smoke swishers  those shits are nasty woodsonly
 vadouvancurried carrots with dates  pistachios and smoked sheeps milk feta. outlier @ outlier 
 sitting in a dicks parking lot in shoreline watching the car next to me blow smoke rings at his gf. i made it ma.
 its time trump did us all a favor an abolish all the abc government groups an make all there staffs fired an vetted to weed out traitors
 as evidenced again last night  smoke detector batteries only die between the hours of 124am.
 my lil cousins yesterday were on my ass because i smoke weed but we were sitting in a room full of cigarette smokers.  life.
 daylightsaving gear up for spring. time to change the smoke detectors battery amp replace furnace filter. ask us how 
 this that lets smoke a blunt order a pizza and chill weather
 the q smoke wagon is heatin up swing by one of our locations today or tomorrow  locations  
 i havent smoked or ate in 2 days  i have no kinda appetite
 oh yes i love her like she pussy  money  weed. 
 naaah  they gone smoke all our weed
 wish my friends were here to comfort me and smoke wimme but oh well finna solo
 i just wanna smoke bro
 as a kid dragon tales made me wholeheartedly believe industrial plants that billowed smoke were obviously cloud makers and that only i knew.
 its great im sitting in a bar in boston and all i smell is weed
 jeff sessions says he will enforce federal law  and thats rattling the marijuana industry  via @bipolitics
 there are fireworks that can be set off in daylight by using colored smoke 
 low stress trainer  kits increase your marijuana yields.  
 niggas be selling weed just to post them lil hunnids knowing they gotta spend it right back with the plug to re up
 my 12 yr old cousin just said   ive been getting high on weed what has this generation come to
 i will come to miami this summer just to smoke a blunt with @chloesuperbadd
 @newshour @calebhell another example of the bad quality of the federal weed 
 think im freal gonna figure this tune out and change some lyrics so i can have a song about making @harp01 smoke crack
 current status is relaxed and awesome cigar @ by the bay smoke shop 
 i have smoked over ah qp in the last week.
 ion wanna smoke with nobody
 @ericbolling @kellyannepolls  @foxnews this left lunatic is smokin what ovomit smoked.  no reasoning just insult amp accusation  losers
 i wanna smoke hookah but then i wanna smoke a blunt....i wanna do both but thats too much work
 hit the blunt  held in the smoke   kissed my nigga then blew the smoke out.. thats one for the books 
 smoking weed while im standing in the shower
 major weeds in my garden greyhair 
 for da reggie smokers lol 
 @vandreeson @jjauthor @baron28baron286 @tuckercarlson as a follow up  how many hospital beds are occupied because of alcohol abuse weed
 found some spanish pocha beans and smoked chorizo at a small specialty store. i was surprised at the creamy textu 
 i hit weed
 legalization needs to be tied to amnesty amp expungement processes for those incarcerated under marijuana prohibition 
 whos down to go with me 2 hollywood boulevard and put velvet ropes around bob marleys name and have a smoke sesh on 420 highsociety
 no better feeling when you smoke before going to sleep..thats when you put your earphones in and jam tf outta your playlist. amazing shit
 i need a fwb that like to smoke weed amp watch cartoons while we lay up
 i know my usual gag is make a room as smokey as possible but now im trying to go to bed and its smokey as hell so jokes on me
 make sure youre somebody who has substance to sell and not just smoke
 boy you got that sex weed sex so good that it gets me high 
 ill be at warwick hs tonight to cover @wmallenbball against hempfield in first round of @piaasports 6a boys basketball playoffs. lvvarsity
 south hempstead ny sat mar 11th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 but im still here for the smoke  
 niggas started this by trying to smoke out females then smash. but in reality the female just smokes amp then leaves. 
 stopped taking my adderall amp stopped smoking weed all together...the first week was rough  but now i am happy amp on top of the world 
 im bouta smoke this  amp go to bed  
 fucking starving so i smoked a bowl otw home thinking food would be more enjoyable and i get hit with this bull shit 
 oakie smokes im on board with this one.  drinking an 1516 by @gooseisland at @macnivens   
 purchases of the week new laptop 6 smoke bombs camera lans cap gorillapod steadicam camera case mode dial 4 camera batteries camera boom mic
 @benc1357 @browniesbbq @kccauldron my smoker works fine too. doesnt need plugged in either. i use wood for fuel not electricity
 .....833 on location  2 storey type 5 heavy smoke on a side ....stay safe 
 ideas i am liberal on no death penalty gay rights civil rights legal marijuana
 they need a weed app
 i wish this cold would go away so i can stop sounding like i smoke a pack a day
 will @justintrudeau turn himself in as he has admitted to illegally smoking marijuana   hypocrite ndp cdnpoli lpc
 having a blast talking cannabis with my colleagues to a select group of libertarian leaders. we 
 quit smoking the ganja again
 unpopular opinion time.  i wish booze was illegal and marijuana was legal. 1 kills your liver and wallet  where as the other one is a med.
 what if i fall off the ladder changing the smoke detector  batteries   hit my head amp forget to turn the clocks ahead  late for work excuse
 i need to smoke
 tommy holt rolls the best woods ive smoked thus far. stepupyourgamedwoods
 while the great indy lights battle was going on  aaron telitz had a different zip code and smoked the competition. indylights
 @littlecaesars just tried your new smokehouse pizza very good except for the 4 inches of crossed before the topping start
 the ras just caught me smoking and i had to throw away my pipe  grinder  and the rest of my weed. im literally moving in 3 days fuck me.
 i srsly dont care if u drink or smoke or whatever im still gonna treat u the same bc u can do u and imma do me
 just tryna head back home to roll a fat blunt  amp smoke it to the dome ahahah
 allen took first lead  2221  on @dreambig04 3. hempfield now up 2523 with 230 before half.
 this weed make u forget about mfs and sleep alot
 snoopandmarthasnewdish 420  ingrediant smoked rap
 @biglnasty2 its ridiculous that people think that smoking weed will cure cancer. even in oil form it only helps with certain kinds.
 cannagives is back this week read about marijuana and the boulder international film festival here 
 the marijuana loud so them hoes follow like twitter
 when u wanna smoke but u cnt bc ur babysitting .
 real gs smoke when they want.
 navajo frybread is dank af.   dont let me smoke a bowl around a batch of this
 livepd seeing  on bumper reminded me of cops episode. guy got popped for weed. had a joint on his  and forgot it was there
 somebody come smoke with me
 @quickandqwerty lighter smoke but there were angstfilled echoes of ruby tuesday snl
 the chain smokers know nothing of chain smoking
 whos down to smoke up
 @bbc4you05 smoked 2 blunts
 this also means 8 of the population tried cannabis for the first time in the past year 
 if yu ate shrooms before yy shud smoke em
 im bouda smoke this poodae amp read yall tweets
 coffee amp weed
 we used to talk all night  but now youre like a smoke that fades away.   angnoo @ missouri 
 holy smokes  i turn 21 in 10 days  if someone wants to buy me a 2016 jeep renegade  light blue  that would be great 
 when young thug told he world miami got shitty weed 
 i just realized im addicted to weed 
 .@speakerryan why are you making me slow down is school zoneswh are you making people go to jail for smoking or growing weed notyourjob
 smoking weed is so not cute. pretty sure im trying to get high not look cute.
 news keeps saying where there is smoke there is fire what about pizzagate
 when the smoke gets in your eyes  hiphopartist hiphop music newmusic rapper rap 
 always smoke cigs wearing long sleeved black shirts at the pool
 whos tryna smoke with a kid
 wicked weed freak of nature on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer nocoorslight intheberkshires beermenus
 great w today @nycfc...we looked decent all round though d.c. united were poor. those smoke stacks were a great addition @markboothnycfc 
 someone smoke
 im cool with anyone that smokes
 we smoked like 4 blunts last night and told wiiild summer 08 stories. i hadnt done that in a minute.
  @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 you cant be my nigga if you dont smoke weed 
 cant wait to go to cali and smoke my fuckin head off
 @amctalkingdead richard karl looks like jerry reed from smokey and the bandit.
 ok google  how to make marijuana brownies. my aunt
 you smoking with some hornballs lmao i mean i be horny too but if you just coming to smoke then thats what we gon 
 need some smoke in boynton hmuuu
 nah i suck at math  im good at weed
 lmfao  the smokers look 
 played dampd for the first time tonight in maybe like...ten years so much fun. ran a campaign for 3 hrs and didnt smoke a single cigarette.
 my mama said do you smoke everyday  i said umm nah 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 why they got 3 blunts for me to smoke by myself before i leave for work 
 i hate when a dude messages me or comments on my pic like i got what u need um unless u speaking of weed dont be on my shit 
 @aynrandpaulryan @tumbleweedtkw hey  just because theres smoke doesnt mean its you thats on fire 
 lunch imma smoke a grammy 
 there is  just gotta weed it out lol 
 so a telemarketer called me today it was from a gop caucus asking for 3 000 dollars so i pretended to be a bisexual weed smoking dj. xd
 looking back at the 1967 marijuana bust at 710 ashbury. does the city owe an apology to the grateful dead photos  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 710 north milton avenue baltimore  send messa 
 disney epcot flower  and garden the smokehouse barbecue and brews pulled pig slider wcoleslaw amp beef brisket bu 
 president trump meet with medical marijuana patients like my sick daughter.  sign the petition  via @change
 the crack game is dead all they want is weed now
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1601 edmondson avenue baltimore  
 blowin smoke in the sky  still ignorin advice
 pre storm smoke.  so good laflordominicana docjamescigars docjamescrew nowsmoking snowstorm 
 @dmrdynamics @braddjaffy @jaxgma3235 bad weed.
 from the weed house straight to tha strip clubbbb
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5200 york rd  violation notice outstanding. 
 @famousdex wassup smoke woods
 dont come around me if u smoke cigarettes please.
 imma tweet quick sesh  every time i smoke to really see no much i smoke 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign...  
 some good weed and some good friends is all i really need
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 seared lamb chops on the arteflame with a hint of smoke flavor are simply amazing. lambchops 
 im done. i found a picture of me breaking weed down on my ex gfs ass. goodnight. wtf 
 if you smoke with a child in your car  u r trash.
 my dad gets mad when someone says he smokes too much. i get mad when he tells me how i need to save money. youre waisting yours on cigs
 gotta stack up on weed for this storm
 @smitty74allday or have savage compete with the qb for the job but its pointless to waist a roster spot for a backup qb. weeden is still in.
 what are the hot topics in the cannabis industry that you feel people shy away from talking about we want to know  so we can address them.
 if you smoke like i smoke then ya high like everyday
 lindsay done threw all the weed out the window lord jesus
 i accidentally picked up a frog when i was pulling weeds out of the ground earlier.
 if you roll mosquito legs mf you cant smoke wit me 
 @xfreespirit i mean you probably got the number but i know he has weed so ill dm you 
 the medical cannabis momentum has swung in the right direction and we are looking forward to the 
 just smoked a keef blunt at 1130 blacked out til 1245 wakes up gets food roles another backwood
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @timpetty blackberry smoke with cody canada amp the departed and dirty river boys at @floores jun 17  2017 
 lets smoke and talk about space.
 @sjlovesyou smokes crack
 this blunt got me feeling dumb i dont think that was weed
 and start selling weed. 
 i wonder if they studio lit.im not gone ask if i can smoke ima just light it and we can all find out together 
 ima smokeamp be in bed all day this is beautiful
 so is the federal ban on marijuana. livefreeordie freedom 
 it isnt your grandmas marijuana if you think you know it all about mj..take some training. thanks opd for keepin 
 might go play in the snow   smoke a blunt
 @marklevinshow i love it   stick that up your ass and smoke it brianstelter  
 cuzzo got a custom made jar for her weed
 im a cannabisal. i eat other humans when i get the munchies
 @snoopdogg can i get your take   this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 she gave up custody of her daughter just to smoke drink n tueveryone comin at me sayin im pathetic   but what do you call that ..
 panini with smoked turkey spinach smoked hickory bacon muenstercheese sogood yummy foodies 
 w smoked cigars amp drank cognac on white house balcony with sa crown prince on 912. then flew out obl family @cherrivarisco @nanadavis46
 check out our photo from 2016 used in the press release for the 2017 national cannabis festival in washington d.c. 
 south hempstead ny tue mar 14th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 cookie smoke  
 everyone smokes weed now i luuuuv it
 started from the bottom now we here @ west hempstead  new york 
 this guy holi is an indian holiday bhang lassi is a weed milkshake 
 @pleasurablesins @liukangkicks weed outta fashion u wanna keep it a hunnid. 
 the marijuana industrys first unicorn is being added to an influential stock index  via @themoneygame
 thank god my mom lets me smoke cuz if not ill be outside facing this
 i love how i can just smoke a blunt down from the police station in cali and not get told shit but eyyy it smells good
 @vp no one is buying what ryans selling who wrote that bill boehners smokey back rooms leaving out the conservatives that voted 4 trump
 somebody smoke me out
 i refuse to smoke this dirt weed yall try to pass as loud. i just wont smoke. honestly.
 @lawrence @maddow @rosie @kattykaybbc @katyturnbc  @robreiner lets see this for what it is..another massive smokescreen.djt runnin scared.
 i wanna smoke so damn bad
 holy smokes the @flapanthers are killing the leafs 72 lol my brother doesnt like that
 hb472 engross permitting qualifying patients to cultivate cannabis for their own therapeutic use. 
 one thing that social media has definitely done is turn weedheads into douchebags
 dont inject the weed guys  the devils marijuanas isnt good for your health
 @nickblackhall totally agree...well see who follows the smoke.
 im officially done smoking  so pls dont tell to match cus im gonna fuck around and smoke again shit
 the marijuana industrys first unicorn is being added to an influential stock index  
 @fncladiesrule @kennedynation @cheechmarin are you kidding crap everything just went up in smoke
 27 west coast smoker also all of them 
 this kidney stone has made me puke every time i smell or taste smoke so now cigs sound repulsive to me but unfortunately so does weed lol
 painfully waitin for the day natural selection comes and weeds away every1 who puts photos of themselves that some1 else took on their story
 i cannot smoke with amy  i really be lit asf cracking tf up lol
 im to broke to buy food so this gunna be ebt and then with this wad of cash i would like lots of lottery and smokes
 tf is a government marijuana... no 
 lmfaoo thats seasoning they been testing    this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 gotta pick my grandpop up from the airport and of course my car smells like weed .... not cool 
 today is the first day i havent smoked in months
 just found a 8th in a jacket pocket i aint put on in a min in its that it about to smoke this shyt
 my birthday was ruined  im just gonna smoke then go to bed
 looking like somebody bald headed smoker ass mom 
 theres something about marijuana @midnight drugmovies
 smoke a lil weed but his shit togetherrrrr.
 wall street millennials are so stressed  theyre turning to weed  meth  amp cocaine. theyre plan is to buy high amp sell high @absrdnews
 @tydolla @callhimmiami @whateverniy me and my mans want all smoke yall tryna hit 
 @flashfudd @melanology @tinybutsosassy @mdorsey92 @jdaque2 @true2mynature @nayhb17 @deedrahh bruh me amp this nigga dont do shit but smoke
 @kiyannamonaeee 3 things i would do 2 spend some quality time with u. video games  safe sex  and smoking dat ganja. 
 i still miss smoking when in a bar alone. good thing no one can smoke.
 @unifclothing hire me so i can live in california and smoke with @chevleia 
 i smoke weed cause life sucks  @supabwe
 this was us when we smoked for your birthday @dimeex 
 theres something about marijuana drugmovies @midnight
 guys they have tarnation memes too look at snoops weed cowboy hattttt 
 depends on how im feeling at that moment and the type of weed 
 this trashy woman wanted to smoke instead of allowing me to purchase a drinkgas. lol so fucking pathetic. literally turned me away.
 all we smoke is joints 
 im so lonely and out of weed. tragic fucking story
 what the hell is going on in japan cuba getting absolutely smoked. worldbaseballclassic
 tryna figure out a way to calm my nerves in a better way than smoking weed.
 pirates of the cannabis the legend of the loud smell  drugmovies @midnight
 one time in 2015 i was rly stressed so i woke up and smoked 4 cigs then puked  thx for reading
 idk wtf i just smoked im stuck in one place gone to the  and back 
 stop tryna sell me your bunk ass weed
 all i do is eat sleep smoke n work 
 i just keep trying to imagine it but i cant.  what it would feel like to own 1 000 000 in weed
 by crom  these councillors just make things more entrailed lets sit down as chiefs and have a good smoke.
 i read a story where a guy pushed bad mexican weed called brown frown and its still making me laugh.
 @yourstrulyyy  shutup you dont even smoke 
 the weed of the west cant get enough research done on it wsws17
 always look through the smoke screen dstudentproductions dstudentclothing dstudentempire 
 real shit any nigga who smokes at school and is high during class is a fucken loser only idiots do that shit
 i wanna go home and smoke black and milds all day  
 just to smoke .. like
 unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer  more regulation  not less demand funds for epa
 today i woke up  smoked a blunt  then beat b in our pool game  its been a good mornin
 that cannabis oil really put me to sleep  havent slept this good or long in a long time
 @alilbitoferyn man....its smoke amp mirrors  if anyone else had done it  they wouldve released the entire return not just the 1040 form
 i just burped smoke 
 shout out to everybody who cant smoke in the house on this cold windy day
 trump smokes mids and now hes trying to get everyone else to 
 rt if you dont smoke and have no clue what the difference is  
 man leave us weedsmokers alone. 
 jerseycitylawyer compliance into the weedsepisode 32  @jdsupra 
 i dont smoke smoke or anything  but my 90s kid in me found this hilarious 
 this sunday. shoppers get in free. concert starts 12pm noon. cannabis products 21.  setlist drops this week. 
 so if weed become legal  is they freeing all the bm in jail or wha
 rip nate dogg i smoke so much weed that you wouldnt believe and i get more ass then a toilet seat.
 lets get the med marijuana bill approved 
 all we do is smoke and lay around  
  mr  aka @realdonaldtrump thinks weed is evil
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation austinburg  oh
 @sketchyfruntz i had you at weed lol
 befriend weed  it wont desert you or piss you off 
 @martyrmade @johannavalhalla where theres smoke theres usually fire. flynn  manafort  page  sessions....the truth will out. trumprussia
 never forget this nigga i dealt with wanted to link up amp smoke with some old bitch  he fucked who became like a sister.. i spazzed lmao
 @blahbla21504393 @mmarmmprpatient she provokes and taunts others but she knows nothing about cannabis or its culture. waste
 i wanna smoke so bad im about to go buy myself a damn black 
 one time  after one of my marijuana binges  i woke up on the couch covered in doritos crumbs. my life was destroyed.
 i only smoked weed because he couldnt. i made the sacrifice and picked up the slack for him.
 can you smoke in gas monkey before i roll up all this pine
 yeah my birthday 420 but im not bouta jus smoke all day 
 bout to watch netflix and smoke one @ fat one for ya  
 wicked weed oblivion on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 if these niggas play the will get smoked like i fuccing newport
 we hope youre getting ready for the event with @olivasilverfox   t  7 days @ smokers haven 
 prison brake weed and a curling iorn is how my night is ending
 fwm and get smoked   or fwm and smoke too
 hellooooo la. kicked off this morning with the big poppa at wexlers in santa monica. the smoke 
 @dirkinindio @lovedembirds @slungpue @imadamhawk denz will gladly accept dirks 2nd hand smoke  247
 @gwynethpaltrow so i assume you no longer smoke......
 we  lame because we dont wanna smoke our lives away  guess ill just be lame then
 just got a smoke session going tonight that quick 
 youre a second hand smoke
 i swear this weed tastes like fruity pepples.
 little weed never hurt nobody
 ive been in colorado all day and still havent smoked weed. we need to fix this problem asap 
 73 of yall know da troot  other 27 of yall are smoking ganja 
 the smokestack cabin. @ red feather lakes  colorado 
 can somebody come bring me some weed 
 im so depressed rn so im gonna smoke then watch anime cuz i cant smoke and watch anime at the same time. its literally impossible for me
 @ohitsteddy hard drugs are bad kids.. smoke weed
 she still inhaled that smoke im impressed and proud of her thats black excellence 
 introducing jkfreigeist singalong deathmatch  farmhouse ale brewed w rosemary smoked honey  refermented w plums 
 the people who live above me and next to me both smoke hella weed at the same time. like just link up yall.
 sticks n stones n weed n bones
 this is why its easy to weed out real friends  am i right @drake
 thank god for cannabis
 if you smoke newports i cant fwy shawty
 shower amp smoke ritual like fuck rn
 never smoke with white lighters  
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 whats for breakfast apple smoked gouda bread pudding  black pepper bacon  and apple  pumpkin  walnut mash inside 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 i thought  ill have some marijuana...then  nah  ill have some heroin. jeff says its only a little worse for me.  
 people who smoke weed seem to be bored a lot
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2735 northshire drive baltimore  send message. 
 russell smokes one to left center bringing in tesoriero and santaromita. 30 blues
 @shimmythepole @bcraighton my friends drink and some smoke cannabis i say no thanks gotta stay strong and hes not no excuses he lost
 jeff sessions on marijuana drug is only slightly less awful than heroin  via @yahoonews stuip @jeffsessions
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 most of the blunts i smoked yesterday  i faced em
 im confused middle school girls listening to trap music smoking weed and getting dicked down is cute now..fuck that i fear for our future
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 if you still call weed dank lose my number b
 i had good grades cause i use to sell my teacher weed
 squad shit  lotta laughs  weed  good music and vibes and dranks 
 im about to start calling weed dat zesty herb
 someone smoke me out
 only green stuff they probably know is weed 
 to let everyone know how cool they are cuz they smoke and have cancer 
 @investwatchblog the dnc going up n smoke... 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation evansville  in
 between logan  the pit bulls and the medical marijuana..... i kinda wish @sirpatstew was my abuelito.  love that man respect
 i seriously live in a generation full of idiots.. a girl asking if she can smoke while preg and 16 year olds merkin people  smh its sad
 i walk into work and the first thing they ask me is why do i smell like weed
 after u smoke that  
 these shoe boxes smell like weed bro not me th shoe boxes man
 shes a smoker theyre both drinkers.  @meretaylor17 
 now comes the part of marchmadness where you see which of your friends picked maryland to lose so you can start weeding
 like i try not to sink into depression daily. i focus on making my two 1s happy as i can. explore my mind for artistic ideals.. smoke
 i just drank vanilla weed milk stay tuned
 and now im gonna smoke with my friends to end it 
 @tr3y do you get sleepy when u smoke though
 i need more girl friendssss who wanna smoke and stuff their faces with me
 lets smoke a blunt or two
 fuck that. just gimme some weed 
 this guys totally taking that home to smoke  goodwill accidentally accepted donation of a cooler filled with pot  
 you know how experts say  marijuana is a gate way drug well i think alcohol is the gate way drunk. thats my view...
 i need some weed lol
 @jackeeycx woman how do you not know these things  we can take ur cousin too. but just dont force her smoke weed.
 gaaas what i smoke nigga 
 i needa smoke....
 still blowin thick smoke while you powder ya nose
 all they had to do was smoke it
 if you see her  wish a happy birthday and smoke a joint with this ray of sunshine @tayelliott  
 la la dope smoke   gotta get my mind right
 backwoods are disgusting.. if you smoke that shit you obviously want cancer.. i dont get some people and their logic behind smoking blunts
 ugly teeth  no beardfacial hair  smokes cigarettes 
 i aint wearing green but imma smoke it 
 popping pills  naw neck never . smoke a lil weed   might sip thats it tho man yall girls be dead ass wild 
 i told yall pump and smokepurpp sweet af. i dont be just sayin dat shit for no reason i been read these niggas like 
 if you want to get or renew your medical marijuana recommendation we have a few openings available this afternoon happystpatricksday
 so stupid ive worked out my whole life this would not help maybe it was a resturant serving weed dumb   
 anyone wanna go with me to monroe to get my car tinted tomorrow ill smoke ya up and buy ya lunch while its being done 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm u down
 she said its ok if youre shy just smoke some weed youll be fine 
 the details of insurance coverage are a smoke screen. the real problem is greed the healthcare industry makes too much money.
 anybody want a mason jar of weed for 120 snap me asap
 ohhhhh emmmmm gosssshhhhhhh. amazing smoked corned beef reuben you 
 @brikellz come smoke a blunt
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 my 1 goal in life is to smoke a blunt with snoop dogg
 i find this just kind groovy.  a rabbi  priest and atheist smoke up and gab.   via @youtube
 havent smoked a blunt in a while
 lol hand smoke
 im in chico where the weed at
 jus smoke cones 
 im pretty sure our neighbors sell weed 
 its not that i have a problem with those who choose to smoke cigarettes  its how many cigarette breaks you take that makes me wonder. why
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 3431 e lombard st  trash in back yard.
 nyc weed is fire  i be high asf
 dont smoke  dont drink thats why i dont be by the barrrr baby
 go outside to smoke a blunt and yo neighbors look at you like you burying a body in the yard
 i just wanna do me and make money lmfao bitch you sell weed dont act like youre balling
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 finding information on medical and recreational marijuana use is easy.  
 albies just smoked a 400 ft double braves
 and weed  
 finna chill amp smoke dis  today 
 dark liquor  hard sipper  heavy marijuana user
 i wish i had the endz to have just one smoke session with @snoopdogg. people think i cant hang wit em just wait on it. chronic and bars
 do you smoke a cigarette after sex
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke
 drake  free smoke 
 i cant wait to smoke man 
 i just wanna smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 capn stans smokehouse sold out of most everything  including the lima beans. got the last leg quarter amp potato sa 
 you smoke me asking you on a date
 im at smoke bbq in delray beach  fl 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm@
 i wanna smoke amp get drunk af with the bfs  june needs to get here faster man.
 ion know who smoke is but free dat boy.
 free smoke free smoke
 drake snapped on free smoke 
 why do trucks even try to flex lol they always get smoked
 literally the only thing bringing me out of the unemployment blues is marijuana and gbbs im a simple girl with simple needs
 me  i used to smoke a pack of primetimes a day @kennkennnn  what is that a colorado thing....     it really is
 when you get that lets smoke ill fire you up text ya whole mood change
 when you smoke out the pizza delivery guy and he offers to deal to u  
 seen a nigga today with a fatback cut in 2017  i can already tell that he smokes mid on a regular basis
 beaches and palm trees smoking that bomb weed.  
 that moment when the smoke machine attacks you at @bgsmusic  showgibson lespaul model 
 my friend lost a fanny pack with 6 blunts in it  if someone finds it tonight.. smoke one for me 
 free smoke.
 @chefsymon pastrami smoked over apple wood. recipe courtesy of chef symons carnivore. tonightsdinner succulent 
 whos tryna smoke a zip in the garden supah8
 pull up smoke some dope nigga. 
 would you rather date a vegan person that only chain smoke  or a porkseafood eating person that only drinks pick one
 free smoke free smoke culture vulture 
 drinking a traditional lager by @yuenglingbeer @ oakwood smokehouse amp grill   photo
 so .. we wanna legalize heroin .. but not weed  what the flying hell 
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 @blkryangosling @djtwostacks yo fools who smoked dust was on another level like frealz that is a crazy person drug. only psychos smoked dust
 35 ...that lack of a fire doesnt mean the trump team can lie about smoke. morells statements were directed at the ic. thats not...
 @imdrw you know how theres that hardcore smoker who always has a carton  plus a fancy case and butane lighter im that coffee drinker
 anyone for a smoke out and brunch
 purple drank i still sip  purple weed blunt still lit 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 324 drew st  trash over piled big time its only sunday.
 wow gregg marshall wife makes his short list a long list as far as uk goes. holy smokes. its march baby bbn
 my next car gatta have astray. cant smoke ya black in peace
 @versaceking25 @sagesoui smokey and the bandit. great movie.
 sheldon cooper did you take a marijuana 
 anyone trynna smoke. ill pull up
 ur mcm smokes out of plastic bongs.  sometimes made out of water bottles.
 you found a 5 pound brick of weed and called the coast guard to pick it up pussy. 
 hunter told me to smoke a bowl when i told him im from colorado 
 hell nah me and weed dont get along like that 
 free smoke free smoke
 imma need @sza to drop this album so i can smoke my life away with it 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 this is the song where you just sit on the beach w someone u like and just smoke a big fat joint 
 nothing more aggravating than not having weed amp watching kids flex on snapchat taking baby hits wasting all the weed smoke hardly inhaling
 all i smoke is gas  
 hey guys  watch my bag  and make sure nobody steals my medical marijuana
 nothing makes me more sad than when i run out of weed
 when youre at work and a customer randomly gives you a jar of weed 
 not until theyre older. i think i was 19 when i smoked with my mom and 21 with my dad. 
 the red vests are coming and they are about to install hundreds of smoke alarms in new london. help us save more l 
 if you ever seen the show weeds you wouldve known this  
 i need more friends to smoke weed with up school 
 controversy over med marijuana  lgbt counseling in neleg debate on new chief medical officer. watch on net world o 
 @stephenasmith free smoke  
 @melissajpeltier that is the only thing they have. the smoke alarm is more serious than the fire argument.
 845am trash truck for an hour 930am car alarm goes off for 25 minutes 10am weed whacking begins and doesnt stop  can i sleep just once
 not giving out money to people who are just gonna use it to buy weed anymore...wasting my money on weed and i dont even smoke lol
 duke is so ass lol 1 recruiting class just to get smoked by some weird jits lol
 the girls that live across from me told me how this boy packed weed laced meth in his bowl and raped a man in there house like whet 
 i love the intro to free smoke 
 watching a guy in a the dude abides shirt who says he smokes an oz a week practice chili peppers and sublime songs on acoustic denver
 got some new weed cant wait to try that
 lt3 wish my friends were here to smoke this lil bowl with me lt3
 now that selena is dating the weeknd  does that mean she smokes weed
 got my ass sniffing around cause i aint smoked today so im lost
 lmao we smoking weed and watching white chicks.
 free smoke free smokeeeeee
 someone should facetime me and smoke with me 
 who in dallas gone smoke me out lolol
 got two blunts. probably gona smoke em both alone bc thats how im feeling.
 chain smoker  
 eat thai  chill  smoke n watch bball ight tight jus me 
 i wish more people liked to ride around amp smoke amp listen to music. or at least none of the ppl who like to do that are my friends
 i need to smoke
 free smoke  aye
 just smoked a cheeto dare me to drive
 im at legal weed in ellensburg  wa 
 free smoke free smoke
 throw the whiskey bottle under the seat   me light a cigarette so he dont smell the weed 
 ready to smoke this bleezy then ko 
 @realdonaldtrump continue to seek out arenas where youamp your dwindling supporters can blow smoke up each others asses. were all laughing
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3423 e lombard st  send message.
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @pirmas697 oh no  u have to do it now. the idea is rolling. when smoke rolls up to your face  have this image of 
 if you aint pray this morning u cant smoke we me this morning 
 thanks for the mention @libn  north hempstead womens golf association donating 18 000 to family and childrens 
 lol they said dolph use to be a barber he never sold weed
 free smoke free smoooke
 free smoke free smoke
 when i get out of this class.. and smoke this backwood waiting for me.. i actually. might. cry.
 got a weed cookie and some weed lmaooo bout to be highhhhhh
 lets smoke a fat blunt and go to sleep 
 we dont care if yo club fulla bitches we will not be in it less we smoking weed in it
 @demarcus yes smoke friendly lol
 i roll the best weed cus i got it going on
 i need a smoke 
 minus the smoke part  
 my neighbor definitely smokes bud they have big seshs im tryn get an invite
 i need a female to smoke with besides my bestfriend lol
 1st time pretty good bbq @ rdq smokehouse in west des moines  ia w @thefasttrackfan  
 if only we could pay uber with smoke ups 
 hunter is taking me to get a carton of smokes
 day two of daytona  woke up feeling like corona and smoke
 mane who got sum weed
 free smoke
 i cant just smoke anything 
 when life is good your weed is bomb and you man loyal  
 dont need sex just weed
 liars  pepper smoked a fat blunt 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 im bout to wake her up to smoke 
 someone come get me so we can smoke and go to sleep
 sb109 passed industrial hemp animal feed 
 i cant wait to smoke and go to sleep
 see our latest millersburg  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 from smokestacks to stardom evgeny kuznetsovs roots beyond the urals 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1000 south dukeland street baltimore  send me 
 i smoke wheat everyday  420 grain it
 father son holy smoke is my favorite song.
 a half smoked cigarette is still smoked and a half broke heart is still broke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1800 bloomingdale road baltimore  send messag 
 @realdonaldtrump   another shiny object smoke screen  fakenews fakepresident 
 people are seriously trying to use the death of a student in watertown to push the legalization of marijuana. what the fuck
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2642 beryl avenue baltimore  send message. 
 yall can smoke all you want  but if you are gonna do this shit  you shouldnt be allowed to smoke. 
 i need friends in cerritos preferably ones that smoke lol
 anybody wanna smoke  with me today before i go to work
 how tf didnt i know that was fuccin nai palm on free smoke it was so fuccin obvious dawg 
 exploring the idea of getting alexa to read news about weed. 
 the potus is controlling this whole mess with his side issuing us smoke bombs come on mccain some hero needs to stop this asap
 testimony closed on the marijuana limits  hb1220. now maybe well find out what this bill does
 @luckyluch do you have someone that sells weed i just want to find someone that can sell me half an oz at least
 whats  the saying where there is smoke  there is  fire 
 i wish @trap smoked so he can buy my drugs. but....babylungs 
 all my friends come over just to smoke in my room but i dont mind 
 who wants to smoke a blunt 
 if youre still hating on weed in 2017  you trippin
 free smoke 
 i highon weed and trum is coming to take it outof our cold stoned hands      the up rising is coming
 lol  everyones been saying i look like all i do is smoke  listen to music  work  and promote peace... pretty accurate. 
 bday plans this weekend eat great food  smoke pack  sleep in amp get v drunk
 ugh i was suppose to go eat after my test but instead i fell asleep. i just woke up feeling angry af. somebody come smoke amp eat with me 
 why the fuck cant you smoke weed with an iphone yet
 ive been trying to get weed for two fucking days  can someone please help me 
 shout out to my cousin for that free weed lol
 i just fucking smoked a opossum and im so scared to look at my car
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 drake spazzed out on free smoke 
 see you at hempfest2017. be sure to come by the magnolia booth on the 25th and 26th. say hello meetatmagnoliayou 
 i smoke weed wit a passion
 im tryna smoke right nowwwww amp what plug is up lol
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1114 seminole ave  dumping along p 
 lynette go buy me a pack of smokes please son me no lynette you suck  
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i say girl thats all that we do
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 need 2 smoke but ima just take a nap next to my son
  love you uncle joe  that smell of smoke is ready to ignite into fire treason 
 @seearaa would u still smoke this blunt
 i have to start smoking 2x as much weed so my mom will stop realizing
 @michaelehhh hahaha true free weed is free weed
 i smoked a cigarette today and its all your fault
 i just do dumb things and smoke weed im not cool
 free smoke   free smoke ..
 tryna smoke
 hands in midterm professor go smoke a dubee now 
 @chrisbisnett smoke amp mirrors  terrible hr department  toxic corporate culture  sexism...racism...discrimination  what else....
 i swear i just be so tired when im around him dont do nothing but smoke eat  and sleep
 @jaclynnmoskow waste of weed
 how you let those ghost writing rumors turn you into a ghost.. oh you niggas got jokes.. free smoke  free smoke.
 lol this is my 420th tweet im not addicted to weed 
 holy smokes @marshallsgview rockin @madtreebrewing galaxyhigh  treesearch  psychopathy and roundingthird m 
 happy bday to the kid who made me promise id never smoke weed @beauenfindlay 
 @aravosis i figure theyll sneak something through after making a fuss about not agreeing. smoke and mirrors
 he doesnt even smoke weed
 i do not wanna smoke blunts with them
 take it how u wanna u can get smoked   lotta niggas joke bitches really go 
 walked into whole foods for the first time and i think i was the only person in there not wearing something made out of hemp.
 4422   free smoke   passionfruit amp get it together are my favs 
 another sunflower set with citrines and a cool checkerboard smokey quartz. paulmichaeldesign 
 @sethrogen my buddy and i are in la for spring break. are you down to smoke a blunt tomorrow
 @joyannreid @devinnunes he made them up just for trump to create doubt another smoke screen gotta be pudding the feds amp int off real good
 finna pop a few. smoke a few. drink a few.
 i honestly dont care for drinking that much i just wanna sleep after tbh... but when i smoke idk why i have so much energy
 @piecrust33 ...hard to tell what else.  i dont smoke  but i burn incense.  is that bad for me closed up in a room with it  i mean  you...
 i cant have nobody on my snapchat doing any type of drug unless its weed.
 im sitting in my room thinking about how my car probably smells like weed by also i dont remember
 i hate pollen. i have a smokers cough and ive never smoked. 
 see our latest logan  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 niggas got time to smoke  sleep  get booty  stunt for the gram  and bullshit but got nothing but 
 erbody in gravitating toward that chicago lingo..from canada to compton everything on 4 nem   on baby free smoke you goofy lol
 i know we all have our habits and vices  but think how much money you could save if you werent a weed head
 the weed make me think better it put   me in a vibe
 nothing like being healthy amp high off weed
 finally here cannabis infused analgesic ointment amp creams. legal in all 50 states. fdaapproved 
 we dont need synthetic version of any drug just legalize marijuana for medical use everywhere 
 the original premise for the smokers section was for it to be a lounge type environment. have a hookah  hennessy.. etc. that never happens
 next up  decriminalizing in legalizing the use of medical cannabis in all 50 of the united states of america 
 you amp me we on neptune prolly smokin weed
 imma just ride and smoke 
 if ur weed dont make me chock then i dont want to smoke
 i just smoke nd mind my business lol
 damn baylor is getting absolutely smoked 
 at bearhappyhour. this weeks edition of celebratory resist wear is brought to you by smokey the bear. gaybear 
 ohio state still sporting the weed stickers on their helmets
 my weed man cute asf.
 smoke dope make some plays move around an smoke dope
  nagpur rail cops say rats are behind 25 kg missing marijuana. what a day to be alive  via @storypicker
 holy smokes  team usa
 dad just called and said hed bring me cigs and weed 
 my trend of thought is not trending well at the moment... must b da weed 
 kinda of sad  i gave a little too much weed away last night 
 i thought ur chest hair was a weed tattoo 
 smoke some weed and lick between your legs 
 fuck wit me and get smoked or fuck with me and smoke too
 when some guy is whispering  weed anyone  weed but you on a school trip and have to keep walking 
 boehner knew this to be true about ryan. hes having a smoke and a drink while laughing at him. trumpcaredefeated 
 completely sold on vaping because it doesnt make you smell like smoke  covers the cravings and it tastes so much better than cigarettes
 @betru2thagame @joethomas73 @kaepernick7 you smoke crack dont you boy dont you they never send any pressure at his bitch ass cause his
 somebody come smoke with me
 if you dont smoke cigarettes  you smoke cigarettes at after hours lol
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation cleveland  oh job
 i dont smoke hookah but i want a hookah pen  hmmm..
 today i am 8 years smoke free  smokingkills
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation fairmont  wv
 see our latest hernando  ms job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 i learned this when i started smoking weed 
 favorite new healthysnack sriracha flavored toasted hemp seeds from @manitobaharvest in an avocado  sprinkled w 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation coldwater  mi job
 who can get wax rn ill smoke a wax wood with u
 @jimmythalox @kmjeezy that show weeds comes to mind
 when i smoke weed and drink coffee  im littttt 
 coffeegood weed
 beware of the da weedz 
 when someone sits next to you smelling like shitty weed  like damn at least smell like the good stuff if you gonna sit here 
 i feel like if you dont know that i smoke on a daily  you aint my friend 
 dinner  hella smoke sesh  and cuddles. whos with me
 i just had my first ever weed drink
 no smoke amp its dry .. i been listening to hella music
 i rly just wanna go home  see my honey n smoke 
 who keep anonymously calling me now for weeks saying they are some old smoker lady named nancy i cant stop laughing 
 they offer me drank but i dont get drunk  i smoke dope  i rap  an these hoes i fuck.
 jackfruit bbq sandwich. @ cold creek smokehouse in rocky top  tn 
 @jacobtwright524 the marijuana loud so them hoes follow like twitter
 im never in a mood to smoke but i feel like that would really put me to sleep right about now 
 moneybagg yo said it best  how you on social media acting like you do but dont want smoke 
 can vaping set off smoke alarms new video   vaping vapor vapezero vape youtube rt 
 what the fuck is wrong with you. dogs can get seizures amp die from marijuana you cunt. 
 free smoke free smoke aye
 @paulkrugman totally agree. ryan is all talk with zero ability to follow through that with anything. he is completely lost in the weeds
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 just came home and smoked  a girls boutta pass tf out
 @crupicrupicrupi hollywood is smoke and mirrors and meryl streep
 nah i really just woke up from another weed coma 
 i think the mix of alcohol and weed fucked with my system today
 passed out at like 7pm.. its 3am. my ass is never going back to sleep unless i smoke like 3 blunts
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 too bad formal was for only one weekend x @ smokey mountains 
 imma come clean  i just found a dub of weed under my bed  you damn right its getting shmoooked 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 2819 wilkens ave  trash removal. v 
 photo mount bromo emitting smoke 
 imagine not having weed on a morning like this grateful
 cliche morph  white smoke 
 so i went on a date last night and all we did was play lottery tickets  color  smoke  and play family feud. and ive never had more fun
 when professor x is using weed  that speaks volumes of the benefits of this godgiven medicine 
 not gonna lie i miss the party days but. honestly just love my little group and smoke shesh like nothing beats that people you actually want
 not to be melodramatic but all we have is chocolate and weed chocolate and i dont think its going to be okay 
 i spent the entire day stuck here i really really just want to smoke a cigarette and go on the inernet
 shout out denver for having weed friendly hotels im hella in it tonight
 off work bout to go home and smoke sumn
 the intro on free smoke is whack
 ive been in a bad mood all day because i aint smoked  yall plugs aint shit
 we can smoke in the car before and then go do something  
 watching smokey bear try and chase down the bandit  always makes me think of the intimidator @dalejr 
 @potus @secpricemd alcohol is an ugly addition. marijuana can be additive. alcohol makes u aggressive  marijuana makes u passive. follow me.
 i smoke a lotta dope just to ease my mind  sleazetalk @thaynesjunior
 when its time to pass the weed i go mj in space jam amp stretch that arm 
 o canada i have an inkling what most would be doing on july 1  2018 marijuana could be legal by canada day 2018 
 i wonder where @nsgov will get a faded  unreadable  map to base responsible marijuana rules on in 2018
 your guide to the best weed strains available right now  via @complexmaglife
 free smoke  free smoke aye
 cant wait to smoke a bowl with my best friend and go to the beach  @nakedastronauty youre my rider 
 meanwhile during this time i had plenty of money and was selling lbs of weed a week.
 @iplayintraffic frrr smoke with me soon
 good things happen when katie mitchell gains control of the smoke machine after home games. zima crewsc 
 possibilities abound for businesses hoping to cash in on cannabis legalization. 
 clear sky gt smoke temperature up 60f gt 75f humidity down 100 gt 64 wind 7mph gt 8mph
 national marijuana advocacy group plots michigan legalization plan. 
 trevone boykin arrested on marijuana  public intoxication charges  via @espn app 
 literally smoked my last bowl of deliciousness before my dad gets home for a week. and now about to spring clean tf out of this place. 
 realized why i smoke so much last night
 @whiskeyriff holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 so i totally think smoking is bad but i have friends who smoke so now the smell is kinda endearing and idk how to feel about that
 ladies and gentlemen watch this show it has some former students of mine and it has weed and singing. these are a 
 dea asks colorado ags office for info on marijuana crimes  for the new administration  via @denverpost
 i have to put @stephenasmith in the blackstraitejacket after todays @firsttake weed segment. ill talk about it on @northstarpod
 each passing day that goes by  the more disgusted i am with myself that i actually smoked cigarettes at one point
 @itsnotweave i asked her not to smell like weed. cause it makes me nauseous rn.  aka chew gum and spray perfume and she lost it lol
 2017 atlanta trip  half way stop for lunch in charlotte  nc at mckoy s smokehouse. tender 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 nigga its just booty weed where you at thats all lol 
 weed weed weed weed everywhere 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2012 west franklin street baltimore  send mes 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 the weed turn her into a whole freak. swear the gas brought her out her old shell.
 bubbas bbq smoked brisket with beans and mac and cheese 
 the halibut i smoked this weekend its so good i hope and pray the sockeye run is good this year.so please pray with me pray with me.salish
 one of my partners for a presentation was late for our meet up so he gave everyone that smokes in the group some weed 
 my little brother is always down for a blunt ride w me amp he dont even smoke he jus ride amp jam thats love
 my cousin works at a middle school here  and got kids in trouble for smoking weed in the bathroom and for having a bottle of tequila 
 everyone seems to be having a shitty monday except me so im gonna send my positive vibes to yall. smoke one and take a breather. reflect.
 first time ive actually sat down in a park by myself and smoke.  its a rad feeling
 somebody smoke this l with me im tired of facing
 you dont smoke weed and all yo girl listen to is jill scott  you aint hitin it bruh  message
 youve never smoked crack if u think that . lol 
 its a league game  smokey. markitzero stfudonnie youreoutofyourelement @ princess lanes 
 when people say weed is addictive or a gateway drug 
 you smoke like a fucking pussy 
 any winehouse told me stop smoking weed  but i told that bitch no  no  no 
 i jus smoked myself into a lazy eye  im tweakin
 did karnowski smoke a bucket of crack before the game hes seeing 8 baskets and hasnt hit one of em. @grumbach24
 yo you guys wanna go smoke some cigs at poto
 bout to smoke and reevaluate my life
 shit son who trying to smoke this wax blunt
 all we do is smoke weed  fuck  shop  and party 
 these cramps are killer and i just wanna smoke some pot but im trying to find a new job so i cant  ugh
 @pbogz @mikeziemer friend who never has cash yo lets smoke and get pizza
 this nigga is the worse fucking weedman . he need to rethink his career 
 so to co for making its first billon off legal marijuana sales.  money back to the state and not cartels.
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 no  son  dont smoke that natural plant. here  take this pill that has butylated hydroxytoluene  hypromellose  polyethylene glycol 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation atlanta  ga
 coffee and weed is a happy combination
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking
 tennessee bound tomorrow time to pick a home gah . jeepin permanently in the great smokey mountains  
 cannabis coffee is a better idea than cannabis beer or wine. we stoners dont like that hash booze buzz to fuck up our chill high. get it
 oh you a smoker now big fella 
 lets get high i aint talkin bout weed im talking bout gwap. @rocko4real 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation milwaukee  wi
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation charlotte  nc
 i dont wanna smoke alone  but its probably best i do.
 swear if i aint smoke so much weed i  would be suffering from depression
 some random 50 year old looking dude just asked us if we knew where to get weed
 all i smoke is loud yuh its gon blast in ya ear
 but i smokes tho
 lrt bitch slaps that out of his hands dont smoke boy
 some smoke to chill others smoke to get crazy
 i really dont smoke weed like that anymore  estoy impresionada
 you can literally smoke out of almost anything and you choose to do some white ass shit like this  
 where is the damn weed 
 my roomate just asked me if i wanted to go smoke a cig everything was going so good up until this point 
 idk if i wanna chill and smoke or just go to the gym
 no you cant smoke for free
 vine ripe tomato salad with pickled onions amp smoked olive oil luckytomatoes tomatoes salad   smokedoliveoil 
 in all honesty  i just want money to buy makeup  food amp weed.
 seasons first snap peas  smoked eggplant  noritamago  algae oil.  . . . townsmantease 
 i would smoke blunts out in public if hotboxing wasnt so much better
 i smoke in front of my mom all the timeampits rare shell hit it..but the moment i whip out an edible she shoots me a brow and asks for some
 damian is so rude earlier he went to panda amp he was like did you just smoke youre happy 
 please come see reefer madness tickets   musical 
 im smokin that strong  my weed is so powerful 
 lol @xxshamari dont want no more smoke in 
 i dont even smoke and a i need a blunt to the dome
 @tyaaanaraee i dont smoke anymore
 im not envious of ppl who can smoke cigarettes bc gross but i am envious of ppl who can be around them without breaking out in hives...
 i love when my older sister smokes a blunt with me
 i dont have no weed
 nobody i know in chicago smoke
 @supersaveyahhoe smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 why do people take vids of themselves not inhaling the weed smoke.
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 omg this kid is smoking straight up wax from a pen or whatever in class and it smells like weed
 its so many more ladies that smoke than i wouldve guessed
 dats all i smoke 
 another smokescreen to deflect from trumprussia.  now lets see faux news spin this. will it get as much coverage 
 loblaw is covering medical marijuana for workers. will other employers follow 
 @ptrckstxmp although im honestly blessed to have this sort of content but just the weed jumper and the sass i cant 
 i thought the chick singing at the beginning of free smoke was black. its a white woman who looks like a foot.
 dont forget the battle born politics up in smoke tour tonight. 7 p.m. at craft in reno. 
 today i quit weed
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from nassau boulevard station to hempstead station 
 @kamrlocal4news your identity of the person interviewed is not andy halloway hemphill co isnt down but up from amarillobcat
 should i smoke in my bed for the first time ever no ones home to yell at me. will it air out
 it was about a dime bag of weed... 
 wanna smoke 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 just found some old ass weed im@bout to smoke it
 when the weed man doesnt have weed n you wanna kys 
 @dish did yall seriously fire a disabled employee with a legal medical marijuana card  fuck off
 today my doctor told me that you can withdrawal from marijuana  but xanax isnt addictive ... western medicine
 guess ill smoke alone.
 they dont want no smoke they dont want no issues 
 i have no weed. no fucking friends. single asf. so guess what  fuck life right now fuck it
 ima smoke 19 by the end of the day  bet 
 debating if i wanna smoke some more lmfao
 also he asked if we wanted to smoke a bowl with him
 we used to be together from 3pm to 2am and linked back up at 7am to smoke lmaooo and start all over again my girlfriend fr
 i think smokey the bear used to say things like only you can prevent forest fires @npca 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4233 elsa terrace baltimore  
 get these brakes put on when i get off then smoke
 but people who get high in the offseason are suspended for over a year.. alcohol kills people  weed chills people c 
 i bet my soul smells like weed 
 attention denver  co bud kushions will be debuting the worlds first marijuana budshaped 
 .@atcems chief of staff k2 is not marijuana or anything like it. it is a mix of chemicals that harm peoples bodies like nothing else.
 this shitty ass weed got me super lazy n sleepy.
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   technicians automotive
 boutta smoke some skimp shit  
 fresh batch of smoked brisket pastrami for our special shabbat orders. hooooooooweeeeeeeee is 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 perf day to smoke and watch movies 
 i smoke a lot
 i just wanna go home and smoke some chicken and drank beer till tomorrow
 free smoke free sm 
 high on legal marijuana
 lil throwback even though im a day late but hb to this lil mama hope you smoked hella woods  @sophiamooore 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2072 druid park dr  
 just watched a semi drive by with a ton of thick disgusting ass smoke shooting out 
 thank you @clrchoicewinfl april is the best time to remove dead flowers  weed frequently  and 
 i need to smoke so i can start my day
 j wanna smoke a fattie wit my love 
 i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now..
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 when people get on the bus smelling like they are actually smoke  getoff
 about to try a weed brownie 
 i need weed. 
 newest flavors. sun script amp gorilla inspired navy smoke.   
 shes not protecting anything but her ego. she could care less after lifting the 2 year residency law on cannabis g 
 when i smoke i be high denna bitch 
 lmaooo only reason we let you at the end was cause you was being annoying af nigga foh till you get ya own weed and 
 @l1ldebbie happy birthday chica  smoke one for ya  
 i told @audionilla i didnt wanna smoke anymore because im sleepy.. but now  i wanna leave my house to get food 
 climatechange caused by co2  hemp captures co2 better than trees 41. hemp made into building materials permanentl 
 adrian always fuckin my life up ion smoke dick
 i hate when im about to take a smoke in the morning on my patio and its cold out of no where 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you gas up light up to this
 2 weeks without a single puff of weed
 @theb0snian benefit of being short i can sneak around like a ninja. leaving only clouds of weed smoke behind lol
 @christiec733 12000  holy smokes.
 smoking weed  dancin round in my towel . fuck im care free rn 
 shoutout to my roommates just handing me 5 bags of weed and saying take what you need man
 but can i smoke it  
 natalie said fuck i havent ate breakfast.......but i smoked already   lol bro 
 hb1204 new authorize the production and sale of industrial hemp. 
 i smoke drugs and smoke tires 
 whats your fav weed meme memes 
 @basso488 smokey yunick not being in the nascar hall of fame is a crime against racing smokeyyunickinthehall
 follow us on weedmaps for our up to date menu on everything cannabis related. 
 @donttouchmaface smoke 
 i dont get how i smoke sooo much and yet still a rookie
 i got like a qt at home and still bought more weed lol
 i do not smoke ganga anymore so please dont ask if i have weed
 this is too true likr the only drugs that stay in your pee for a long period of time is weed so how tf u get caught 
 i just rlly wanna smoke but i cant bc im tryna get this job 
 do you drink or smoke
 we all smoke  its ok
 got hide hemphills rugs amp carpets does. name your size amp color combo 
 who trying to facetime while i smoke
 trying to dip so i can chill and actually sit and smoke a hookah.
 if i smoke no telling how long ill go back to sleep 
 @wendys mcdonalds has weed promo codes...what do you have 
 if you do shit on the dailyweekly that isnt weed i dont really wanna fuck with you... too many people like that in my life.
 the gang is all here. it is a blistering 23 so i think the smoker blanket will be called into 
 many thanks to the art club at hempstead high for the invitation to talk about calligraphy and 
 a lot on my mind so smoke by myself
 today is the type of day i wanna smoke an l with a nice ass view and good vibes
 ya mcm cant eat the breakfast you cooked this morning cause he aint got weed to smoke first.
 on valentines day all im tryna do is look cute   smoke some giggatree den hit up the all you can eat
 out of weed and patron low im hurting. 
 fire on mullin st in the heights of jupiter  @pbcfr on location  flames and smoke from garage  fire attack started  mullin cmd
 dont waste your time with subordinate options. advertise with vegas cannabis magazine   the 
 my favorite girl and i at our favorite place @ kimchi smoke barbecue 
 @enriquemenaa9 omg i was gonna say lets smoke
 order your super bowl platter before its too late sablesnyc @ sables smoked fish 
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke all my weed
 line music @ b.t.s smokehouse 
 makin my money and smoking my weed
 and cdai got 22. dont think he wont smoke yo ass
 thats fine. thats when i take a piss and smoke a cigar outside anyway. perfect timing 
 i suck dick more than i smoke 
 if you smoke more than read  youre living wrong.
 smoke good weed with bad bitches 
 me mom im going to buy weed see ya later mom wait i might have a coupon
 wrapset @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 @cheddar did you know wa state made 185 000 000 last year on sales tax on cannabis     @ogsendog @cypresshill
 really slid to house during my lunch to get my weed lol
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked. yeah you think i need you but i dont.
 man i just want someone to come over and smoke weed with me in my living room tn
 p sure i gave myself a conkie when i smoked my skull off of a hanger in the locker room
 ready to smoke so stressed 
 wish @aaronwatson tickets werent 500 at the weed tonight. collegebroke
 michigan basketball alumni reunion with this smoke show  @ crisler center 
 copper top  get down here huntsville for your daily dose of freak smoke. jam zepminiset breakout listenlive 
 @calicocats420 living here has made me realize the smaller the town the more pot smokers... not a lota tokerz my neck of the woods 
 im bout to smoke 
 if you move the squad to a car and then they smoke some bud accurate 
 lets smoke and lay up
 crack is cheap.. i made too my money to ever smoke crack i love her 
 fish market was good asf.  head home  smoke one  then get ready for church in the a.m. 
 holly smoked  drank  caroused  hopeless and tragically flawed. god i love her. breakfastattiffanys tcmparty
 how does one go about getting a @sarahbaska follow. i will smoke a blunt and ponder this until i figure it out
 need a smoke break
 im going prop 64 rally smoke for the overtime...durant still sleepwalking
 want to smoke man
 @danielotorres lets smoke at 330 i get off work
 bitches dont smoke with me for free
 fuck 2k da booty wings and weedies cant go nowhere 
 they say they smoke the loudest yet there pockets are quiet... rollingmyeyes
 it would have been so easy to knock   call even   break in and wake his ass up and be like smoke with me  
 i showed my mom a pic of ethan amp i amp she said we looked stoned amp then gave me a 30 min talk about what she would do if i ever smoked
 just wanna cuddle   smoke and watch the super bowl ...  any takers 
 whos not watching the super bowl today and wants to smoke some joints
 whoever take me to get weed getting smoked out
 @frankhof14 happy birthday frankie mcbuckets let me know if you want to relive the glory days and have me smoke you in sharks and minos.
 as far as weed goes i already adequate it legal bill section 40 im usa government
 @kvngxan @justajai oh shiyit she was tryna fuck u for 7.50dang i ruled out tree in the beginning cause i thought no way they talkin weed
 thats my favorite uncle on occasion he smoke crack cocaine petty thief and junky but he always had my most respec 
 @tyronem07172460 @halleybordercol go smoke a blunt
 patriots if you really want to smoke this shit right here   riseup   sb51
 luke bryan is a smoke show
 wishing i could smoke
 told my mama i needa go smoke outside she gon hit me talkm bout  the fuckin windows are open  lol
 wish i had someone to come over and smoke with and just talk to all night .
 i remember me at 18 naked in your parents basement young and careless watching you blow smoke rings
 @macbz youre fucking trash and the only reason youre a somebody cause pete carrol didnt run the 2 years ago and you got smoked .. bless
 i smoke too fucking much
 my professor is having us read an article on a stepbystep guide to appropriately smoke weed for pleasure
 i partied with snoop dog back in 1998 at the limelife in nyc eating chicken wings and smokin weed 
 my rude roomie amp her pal wont let me smoke the hookah w them unless i use my own hose what is thissss shiiiit i mean im sick but ur fine
 love it when i open my window to get some fresh air circulation  but all i can smell is marijuana. classy laramie  thanks.
 a new prioritization of compassion amp inclusion for the many  over the punishment of thousands to weedout a longsh 
 2nd alarm with fire through the roof. family of four selfextricated after smoke alarms sounded. units have knockdo 
 there has to be a way to weed out foreign terrorists from entering usa wo hitting xenophobia button 
 @grnwaz wow  thanks my bp is always on the low side   never smoked will work on the rest once ive got through this plague uri....
 somebody take this man to a weeding 
 id rather be ya n i g g a so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day 
 i just got this in cool girl 1st photo  rightmost color and let me tell you  i smoke a lot of cigarettes and th 
 @tricethatruth bye u dont want no smoke
 mussels with smoked tomato broth sauted fresh mussels with garlic and diced tomatoes  tossed 
 rollin up dope they like u smoke too much
 tom was clean from cigarettes for 7 12 weeks and bought a pack and smoked one last night
 im trying to open my own medical marijuana dispensary
 this why ion smoke all my weed 
 my dare officer actually started his 1st class by saying im supposed to begin with a unit on marijuana but i need 
 well then  ill smoke obamaself.
 all i want for valentines day is a bad bitch with a pound of weed
 ilikepeoplewho smoke with me smokeweedeveryday
 its ok  everyone smokes weed.
 grinding up my last bit of green before my at least one month long weed break. hit me with some inspiration guys this is gonna be tough 
  smokeddark grey 
 do you drink or smoke yes 
 if she smoke swishers we dont miss her
 5 days doesnt seem like that much but it is when youve smoked everyday for the past 2 yrs
 annoyed n weed isnt helping
 smoking weed and sucking dick she said she into that. 
 lebron just rolled a nice sweet an smoked it
 kinda wanna smoke kinda wannna sleep kinda need to do my hw 
 shes so used to the chronic  she used to smoke w her mother
 @boburnham did i just see you at lax or has the weed fucked me up
 somebody gotta inform smoke 
 lmao everybody knows im the best person to smoke with  ill put you on.
 when smoke you end up couch way too months 
 but i gotta smoke
 my name is joker habitual smoker  i burn so many trees that i have splinters in my toaster
 what do you say to the beeping smoke detector not today. i changed that battery in less than 3 beeps i dont fuck 
 i need to smoke today 
 if trump legalize weed imma be a republican 
 @frielryan1 you shouldve said if you let me drink a fat ass blunt and smoke a tall boy then your class isnt boring.
 1018 am  thats not rain  but what appears to be a large smoke plume over western okaloosa and sw covington count 
 special at our horton location shaved montreal smoked meat sandwich  w braised cabbage  
 how u hit a small amount of weed out a piece of metal and a water bottle and feel higher cause that metal and butane yall tweakin
 got a bag of weed and a bottle of wine  im gonna fuck that bitch just one more time
 lunch and groceries. smoked salmon salad  waldorf salad and a cuban. delicious eatlocal ameliaisland 
 i just wanna go home and smoke a bowl 
 holy smokes  
 typicals usuals keyz sample yall smoke reggie yall wish yall can smoke indigo. tired of 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4622 hazelwood avenue baltimore  send message. 
 to the beat yall  til th mf champagne and weed is gone
 need bad bitchesss to smoke withhh
 fina hit da beach n smoke some
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1801 guilford ave  
 i dont even wanna smoke no moe
 @gavinnewsom california will go chapter nine within 10 years over this pension monster for public employees. time to weed out sacramento.
 also hate when everyone smokes and gets 10 breaks an hour to step out and i dont get any  like im punished for not killing my self 
 dont sell me no bullshit weed cus ima be calling yo ass right back for yo mf money back
 @uggsabrea let me move in i promise to not touch only smoke
 customs and border protection officers at the pharr inter bridge discovered more than 3 000 lbs of marijuana   read 
 new ordinance getting first reading tonight about noxious weeds and invasive plants. its been nicknamed the bamboo ordinance. bethlehem
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down  ill rub your feet listening to everything you talkin bout
 @historyinflicks @facepaulmrevere al wants american smokes no raleighs  boots  or faros. 
 and after i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you 
 @jessicamelon okay twitter who do you think would win in a smoke off @noellemmm
 im really feeling like i should smoke a ton and then watch wiz khalifa and martha stewarts cooking show.
 when me and leah arent together we just smoke together on facetime 
 @spliffxqueen @dopehighness but i do not smoke dope. not even when i was in the army long ago
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 my dad was smoking some dusty ass daddy weed
 bruh all im tryna do is smoke a blunt w oomf and run up a check is that too much to ask for
 they buy smoke shops and liquor stores save up to buy gas stations store
 my boyfriend be burning my eyes smoking all this damn weed
 late night drives n smokin weed to some good ass music is chill
 twitter is like stumbling into a room hosting a dozen arguments  but everyones so deep in the weeds you cant even enjoy the blood sport .
 @xoemilaaay lmfaooo deadass we need to smoke whatever theyre on
 so much weed smokin in my plans today lol 
 i wanna smoke and enjoy this weather
 lunch is weird cuz i dont smoke anymore ill just smoke that broccoli
 i barely smoke when im sick lol i rlly be like dead.
 ive been swallowing my nicotine gum now my butt wants to smoke
 @scottyybad lmao people knock the you smoke line like it aint the best line ever 
 dim lights  thick smoke  real country music    @brucerobison @charlierobison @jackingram
 bring a football to my house and ill smoke you updownaround town
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2803 west north avenue baltimore  send messag 
 i have to be in class in 13 minutes and my bus driver just got out to smoke 
 @capitolcurrents lots of military smoke to relieve stress amp military service starts at 18.  home from deployment to oregon amp are criminals
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 53 south catherine street baltimore  violatio 
 i am the matcha equivalent of a cannabis enthusiast  
 im just trying to smoke and my neighbor wants to talk foreverrrrr
 holy smokes spankys shenanigans happy hour  feat. ted garber on taco thursday is back  no 
 only if i knew how to smoke  
 found 3 lighters  a shit ton of hemp rope  and my fav chopstick. its a good day 
 i wish i had more gfs in alaska that smoked
 all i wanted to do was smoke before my ride to new york and of course i procrastinated had no time amp just ended up throwing shit in a bag
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via web at 312 n paca st downtown  household tra 
 1 month smoke free...niggas done did the impossible lol
 youre stupid as fuck if u still think that just because someone smokes pot that they cant be productive with their life
 im so ready to smoke a fatty
 its not just that jeff sessions is a racist. its that he said good people dont smoke marijuana. the reductive moralism is repugnant.
 @kvmvrv512 nigga lit the weed and went back to the 70s lmfao
 something smells like weed and its got me over here craving
 the words pharmaceutical and cannabis should never be used in the same sentence. leave our plants alone pharma is 
 ay yo  we smoke that dro til we  idk
 i wonder what my valentines day will be like. just work home weed and liquor . probably
 i havent smoked a cigarette since june 25th.... i am craving for one so badly
 @helloimastrid and just to see if she could figure it out i was like idk what is it and she goes it smells like weed  do you have weed
 ganja  ganja everywhere but indias getting high on a lot more  uncategorized 
 you know what would be lit  is if you and a bunch of people on yo tl got together and had a big ass smoke sesh. just imagine it 
 of course im smoking weed what kind of question is that
 @haleysavannah hey  would you want me to make edible cookie dough my dumbass like just to eat or are you gonna put weed in it
 shlit smoked a dab blunt just now im high asf  
 the weedmane trippin....
 wish i could smoke a blunt with god. got so many questions for that guy
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 71007198 elsrode avenue baltimore  send mess 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 being in atl made me want to smoke  i was so stressed amp unhappy. now im away  i havent felt any urge to just smoke weed every chance i get
 poppin pills smoke a wood to da face
 you trippin bro. she smoke black n milds hahaha 
 cigs are gross  cant believe i used to smoke that gas
 i am consistently under the influence of marijuana 24 hours a day  7 days a week. so many great naps.
 youre the only person i know that fluently listens to reggae that doesnt smoke garrett
  mocha amp cigarettes  imp. smoked porter  8.3 abv  50 ibu  we took our coffee amp cigarettes smoked coffee porter and beefed it up with 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   transportation elmira  ny
 when your hair stylistbarber smokes then trys to cover it up with perfume gottafindanewplace
 @kampeas @laurasgoldman trump should spend 12  time pray to root out his own inner weeds rather than rooting out p 
 if you smoke cigarettes you cant argue with me.
 thinking ab having another kickback or maybe a smoke out 
 i dont smoke no more so dont ask
 2no smoke  no lights  no coal  no work  and beat of all  no black lung trumpsgreatamerica 
 i only smoke og keep that flavor away from me
 we have the answer to chilly evenings  enjoyed by our fireplace or yours. smoked hefe  peach cobbler  irish red  a 
 my gal aint gota buy weed or get it from no one she get high for free  i got her ertime.
 cleaning me and trevors room and majority of our trash is water bottles and weed stems lol
 amazing food  @ hanks smokehouse  southern grillery in mcgaheysville  va w @haileyemory @sextinaquafina 
 i enjoy critics they help fuel the fire  plus i smoke too much loud to even hear that noise 
 does anyone else think that naming your company the joint sound more like a cannabis company 
 holy smokes  what a move 
 need to smoke
 i barely smoke weed anymore cus i dont even crave it like that
 hb2060 new requiring counties  cities  and towns to permit the operation of state licensed marijuana retail bu... 
 yea just going to smoke this one out
 well i ran out of rolling paper right when i wanted to smoke
 my dads weed beer is a1
 @vmedinaaxoo you wouldnt know since you never smoke with us
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 debating hard rn if i should smoke before work or not 
 cutting the grass using weed eater and suddenly may tumalsik na damo sa mata ko  how does it feel wonderfully awful.
 i feel like shit and i just cant wait to go back to madera and smoke fat
 the fact that i just be smelling weed out of no where is crazy
 lets take a long drive  smoke  and have a deep conversation.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 107111 south gilmor street baltimore  send message.
 i got my sleep and i finally have the day off and i want weed coffee and donuts yo
 @jamiastarheart @laughingliberal @swaderpolly i believe edible cannabis has given me remarkable relief amp using cbds means not psychedelic
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2121 west baltimore street baltimore  send me 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1513 west pratt street baltimore  send messag 
 i often drink topo chico. and when i do  i drink from my @goodbullbbq koozie. great pulled pork and smoked boudin t 
 its firday you dont have work or school tomorrow  come hang out with us to night  and smoke a hookah and chill till 4 a.m. byob dramafree
 let em smoke so they dont f you up in the process im dyinggggg  
 the best part about stashing weed in your bra is it pushes your boobs up a little
 while thug father wait i mean fathers. drink beer smoke grass  and drive a nicer car than i do. fuck that this nee 
 how do i start to loosen my addiction to marijuana
 get it at smoke alley. houston smokeaccessories vape smokealley damnsoldhere 
 air is full of smoke. oh my god. 
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive
 universal weed legalization. duh. 
 i just wanna chill n smoke
 about to just go smoke a blunt   but match anyone 
 waited all night to smoke and i forget the paper and fronto 
 i been sleep all day and i dont even wanna go smoke  i wanna play tomorrow
 need some new  ganja friends. now accepting applications
 all i want to do is smoke and l in the back of the benzee
 son its 60 degrees outside i had to come out amp smoke a doobie
 if you dont go home early to smoke out your mama your doing life wrong
 this movie got me on the edge of my  need another smoke break so scared and like no time for scared gotta be brave for our son suspense
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 750 n paca st  leaves trash and tw 
 @cowgirlpal @msnbc 3rdly 90 000 christians were killed by those bastards just last year. 1 every 6 minutes. put that in your pipe amp smoke it
 @torontofire among the smoldering smoke hours into an early morning fire in a commercial bldg near keele st. and s 
 fortunate youth  we should smoke on stage at one love cali fest @ the queen mary 
 do not grocery shop at westbrook hannafords. place is absolutely smoked with people.
 croutons  smoke bacon with shallot mouse  tomato jam and microgreens salad   by kyle keller 
 i was blaring marijuana by kid cudi amp my dad came into my room laughing amp told me to turn it down a little bit im weak
 our peanut butter nuggets are soft and chewy and our bones freshly smoked. all treats your 
 my mom found a 3 year old bag of weed at our old house and my lighter with pope francis on it lmao
 theres hella weed in my car and i dont even smoke 
 if the waffle house cook not taking a smoke break every 15 minutes and doesnt sound like heshe coughing up a lung while cooking its trash
 im about to come smoke you out the bestgtgt
 if she smokes cigarettes she swallows
 nothing . just smoke your blunts  
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down.. 
 man i hate being soberrr  ima smokerrrr
 overhead in walmart i burnt my eyelashes off smoking weed once love greeneville
 my aunt just got her medical card and hasnt smoked in like 10 years. im bout to get her so high lol
 tryna smoke but no gank 
 its so effing rude when people smoke in a nonsmoking hotel. theres a good chance that there are kids sharing the floor with u ass
 tgirvine smoked st.louis pork ribs pear bbq sauce butternut squash hush puppies fresno chili 
 how do ppl not smoke weed
 my weed make you dance with the stars  supersize my pockets im living large
 heres to a lit tree forgottenbday @ hempstead village  new york 
 1st stop on the trip.   weed dispenser  420 lit cali legalweed  
 @thatkevinsmith @jenschwalbach @andrewkreisberg @brianlynch noise noise noise.. smoking weed smoking weed.. doing coke  drinking beers
 dont come up to me and tell me i smell like weed of course i do its intentional i smoke weed get over it
 the prison across the street has cleaner air than harrahs. what genius lets humans smoke indoors
 i complain about never doing anything and sitting at home like i dont get invited to go to parties and go smoke and drink shit lol
 we can smoke minus the freaky  @mahoganykush @longlegs1016
 themyou dont need weed to have a good time  us uh yeah we do we need a whole bunch of it lol like frfr @drugsdotcum
 dec hemper box @jewishproducer 
 @cinemasins  you should do a smokey and the bandit movie or all of them
 im all outta weed and all my friends are busy. hashtag sad af
 you can still buy a cig at 18 but need to be 21 to buy weed smh
 the bathroom smells like mf weed
 @pauldelaghetto smoke me out
 im tryna smoke some ls n rub ass
 i just wanna smoke backwoods n listen to good music
 whenever i meet a dude he doesnt even ask me on a date. hes just like you smoke bet let me come over we can smoke amp chill
 why is weed illegal  but tanning isnt
 im 16 n never smokedthey be 12 at the hookah bar n shit 
 prevday dinner scallion bubble  smoked tofu  seafood clay pot @serenityrowland peterchangsrva 
 @thecannapatient you give weed smokers a bad name. love you @jaketapper
 the nearest smoke shop is 41 mins away 
 brunch at als. omelet with red pepper  jalapeo pepper  green onions  smoked turkey and munster 
 @trenzy lol good i was like damn we cant be frans no moe . but i dont smoke no moe 
 ill bring booze and some food to grill and of course some weed
 my answer when people be like why u smoke so much 
 this not funny yo. lemme spark my weed blood 
 if you rolling skimps and tearing off paper to make it not seem as skimp.. hell nah you cant smoke wit me 
 i just wanna order lobster pizza   clock out   smoke an l amp relax 
 stuffed  tied and hung up to smoke 150 pounds of venisonpork sausage with my old high school classmates.  good tim 
 first thing i do when i get to north carolina is grab a pack of cigs and smoke em all
 someone come chill while i work. plenty of food  music  amp smoke. itd be cool if you have something to work on too but if not das coo
 very excited to see jimmy buffett and the coral reefers again  perfectvodkaamp may 16th in wpb 
 forza smoke like he signed 
 ...miss my cousin. im bout to smoke. @briaaalexiss
 i guess im gonna have to go smoke by myself again 
 drinking a blacksmith smoked porter by @highlanderbrew @ ford test track field 11   photo
 @vitaag i got weed rn wanna roll it lmao
 @saraunderwood looks like there is smoke coming out of ur arse  ur hot lol
 i wouldve  named myself the blow smokers but now that im at 10k i dont want to ever encourage the smoking of cocaine we are past that
 yall... lili brought her car so its just me her and the plug... thank you god for weed
 @future you smoke mids
 someone smoke with me im mad bored
 my garage is the weed chamber tonight
 sometimes the smoke and mirrors in hollywood can be fun naacpimageawards bts chasitysaunders 
 in need of some weed  plugs in va wya
 my bed smells like marijuana due to this marijuana cream my mom is putting on my back so it could heal
 @ryleewutt i dont even smoke weed
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfi
 never tell them your next play.. let them see your progress move in silence. watch my smoke 
 my prof just gave a 20 min lecture about the dangers of smoking marijuana  im so uncomfortable
 21317 todays special 1 12 turkeycheddar artisan sandwich on multigrain served w a cup of smokey pork amp p 
 this is seriously for cigarettes i think ive seen 5 people who smoke. every guy i know douchevapes now stopprofiling
 id like to thank @sara silverman for taking the guess work out of does she smoke crack or not
 jarret just told me one time this guy was blowing cigarette smoke in his girls face amp he didnt say anything bc the guy was big af im done
 dea removes marijuana misinformation from website after months of public  legal pressure  via @safeaccess cannabis
 bro no one wants to smoke w me wtf
 cilantro is by far the second dankest leaf to smoke
 i hate when people tell me you smoke a lot like bitch ok i like to be high and what
 gotta be a hemp farm or something rt @mz2euceboss i thought it was just me 
 chicks cannot hold their smoke  thats what it is
 httpst.co3xwuvxwwbk slate secondhand smoke isnt as bad as we thought  
 @certifeyetweet certifeyecomp spiced up blue smokey eye and a taste of the rainbow  o and i threw in a vday look 
 i want to smoke a blunt with michel franti
 hey ck. some areas in ck could grow medical marijuana. what do you think ckont
 just smoked cade lmao
 why am i reading about how to smoke weed for my soc class...
 ashbrook 49  east gaston 46 jaquan hemphill 13 p cam june 10 p chris moore 7 p byron sanders 5 p justin lucas 5 p emmanuel rhyne 5 p
 pornstar @teannatrump is so bad ass she taught snoop dogg how to smoke and taught kevin hart how to tell a joke 
 an intersection at three branches of the little river in the great smokey mountains. 
 bout to eat this weed cake
 all the weed men must stop selling after 1130 on weekdays huh  
 lets smoke 
 talm about meechy you smell like weed 
 @kaycemariee mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @1ladyxpatiences mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @xbreshara mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @ceodjasap mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 just smoked to get some of that off my mind and listening to t10 
 chocolate rellos be the only ones i can smoke.
 i smoke everybody up on the humble 
 @millsi14  this goalie  you would smoke floorhockey sieve pickahole garettarms 
 new valentine thanks for 30 years of sharing love  weed amp wine  valentinesday2017 valentines womensmarch 
 my walkie talkie went off in class and kikke said where the weed at 
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike 
 she said she smoke nothing but loud  i said well buy it. she say i dont have the bread  i said girl you broke and boujee.
 yeah i smoke cali gas and i still face at least 4 a day. my tolerance just high
 @thehill but do they mean it  or is it smoke and mirrors if its serious  is it even in time  or too late anyway shouldve been done alrdy
 im just tryna smoke amp eat better
 when i smoke this blunt girl ima forget you
 just wanna go home smoke some blunts w my baby eat food and watch movies
 secondhand smoke has proven to travel outside of designated areas. tejanosagainsttobacco 
 paul ryan is trying to dump obama care while all this russian crap is going on. dont take you eye off the ball people its smoke amp mirrors
 drinking a citrusinensis pale ale by @lagunitasbeer @ sublime smoke   photo
 holding a drake karaoke competition in my car today  weed and coffee provided.
 my dad got me coffee and weed for valentines day lmfaoo so littt.
 wemetontwitter and you became a medical marijuana patient
 at least they legalized weed to help with the stress 
 got santa barbara smoked salmon and hit up trader joes. some preprep things.
 yes nothing better than a weeding 
 i havent smoked in 2 days so my insomnias back and kaylee said shed send me home with dro shes so sweet 
 i always catch attitudes right before im finna smoke 
 i never realized what a luxury it was to smoke inside until i couldnt do it anymore lol
 frl somebody smoke me out
 you not finna get high you smoking by yourself because nobodys finna smoke that headache with you amp you need to re 
 ima smoke this blunt and forget u
 sorry boo i didnt smell your weed when you pulled up
 @drewunga theres an insane amount of smoke here. its all coming and this is all going down at some point.
 a mouth full of smoke really make things clear
 im just finna smoke and have a wonderful day
 @nobodieknows @scottadamssays she used a higher cbd version with lower psychedlic effects 0 thc cannabis is legal even in sc.
 amy margolis talking about the evolving cannabis industry in oregon @orcannabis 
 i just burped and all i taste is weed and daily vitamins
 if iwas from ur city id have you stocked out on the fuego brudda. lol weed is like tea to me. a must have for maki 
 in 6th grade history i cringed thinking about people getting stoned to death..75 of college kids now would be like try me  u bring the weed
 this the 3rd time ive lost my weed this week bruh
 atlantic eggs benedict w smoked wild salmon @ pauls kitchen 
 @freshmvment  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 currently need someone to smoke weed wit rn 
 i miss having a guy best friend who i could just smoke n chill with
  donate or share to support delaware marijuana legalization in 2017
 rand paul think we should not have a investigation of the russian connection. if its smoke its fire.
 comingsoontotigard marijuana shops on wheels 
 let me welcome you to the smoke box
 shawty i smoke gas 
 i swear weedman have no perception of time... 30 minutes in weed time is like 2 hours 
 cured salmon special smoked salmon cream  salted and compressed cucumber  jalapeno juice  pickled fennel  fresh di 
 makeup from my boudoir session last weekend. so much fun doing this sexy smokey eye 
 when i was a kid i asked my mom why tv forced the actors to smoke cigarettes on the camera.
 @hyperlife @sandro check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 just tryna smoke a blunt
 its pretty good  i find the smoke to this a little too in your face on the f... miasma  photo
 honestly this back pain has definitely made me a strong advocate of medical marijuana. its the only thing that helps my pain.
 me on the phone with aj listening to him typing into google  can i get medical marijuana for kidney dysfunction....
 i should probably do my homework while smoking weed more often. makes the whole ordeal less stressful.
 havent smoked in 3 days
 even if me and her mad at each other i can never smoke without her
 @delaneeyann lol exactly.. me and you are on the same page... just gone sit back smoke and watch ppl embarrass themselves
 only reason why im not sleep is simply because i dont feel like grinding  rolling and going outside to smoke a blunt.
 we shared this with you on the @kfox14 morning news. believed to have been a marijuana catapult hightimes 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 401485 nicoll ave  send message. 
 i much rather have marijuana over the pain pills theyve given.
 idk what my parents have in there washing machine or dryer my clothes smell like weed 
 so an ounce of weed is only a misdemeanor now harris county you might of just did sum
 i left my bong at jordans and now i cant smoke weed before class
 if you smoke out of duchessgames you a cancer face ass bitch. do better. but nah fr that shit is unhealthy
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 they need to have a weed smoking sections at ppls jobs  the world would be a better place .. 
 a smokescreen you bet
 su ag center amp college of agricultural  family amp consumer sciences  will host a medical marijuana town hall meeting on february 23  at 2pm
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 high af amp didnt smoke yet 
  is a 2ndry blog page for the legalization of cannabis
 definitely a smoke a blunt to the face kind of morning
 friday plans get naked  smoke weed  cry  watch fairly oddparents. order is arbitrary
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5410 lothian road baltimore  send message. 
 yall i found my moms weed im so weak
 @idkjeffery pall mall smoker
 lets smoke a fat blunt to celebrate 
 @weedwipes if you need some new music to smoke to check out this mary jane loving track. 
 everytime im irritable or whatever you wanna call it i know its cause ion got weed in my system
 i just wanna smoke weed in the mountains.
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   columbia  sc
 @antvargas300 naa it was somebody else cus my next door neighbors smoke weed in their crib lol their like 45   dope af
 @cappoxcv smoke me or
 eat good  smoke good  fuck good... everything gooooooood
 inner me how many blunts did you smoke last night  me 
 i just noticed that she didnt get me smoked sausages.. but let anyone else ask for anything she breaks her back and get it
 bless up on being able to smoke out side all day today shits to nice
 when the weed man tell you he got it but its not for sale. 
 weather forecast smoke a blunt and stay in th damn house 
 back by ruth demand smoke soap. the word is intoxicating. made with essential oils and goats 
 tryna smoke and cuddle but no one to do it with 
 i havent smoked almost a whole year 
 only smoke cigarettes if youre doing a photoshoot 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 301 furrow street baltimore  tras 
 were not gonna talk about whether or not he smoked weed or stole cigarillos 
 with another drug and he was teaching marguerite how to smoke and he kept telling her that she did not know what she was doing but she was
 somebody smoke a mild with me
 ready to smoke a fat ass wood
 ivedonealotofweirdshit but ive never smoked a pall mall cigarette 
 who  smoke just one blunt then police hold  them 8 years in prison god legalize weed just for one blunt bbc cnn agdamlegalizeweedsendeet
 i need a weed man that has quick pay  lmao
 im sitting next to the coat check person and they said that i smoke more than anyone they have ever seen and they look up 2 me  
 im tired of smoking of this weed alone
 waking up with angie to smoke lmfao
 most girls love for their man to tell them theyre a princess. i love when mine tells me he picked up more weed
 just smoked
 super fog possible in parts of polk  co. flwx as fog forms and combines w smoke from a nearby wildfire. visibil 
 hennessy  plenty weed. do you have anything stronger i dont care give it here wanna make this high last longer.
 someone come smoke this blunt with me
 yall ever feel like ur grinder steals some of ur weed cause same
 the quietest nigga when the drama popping off gon be the last man standing when the smoke clear 
 one night sophomore year my friends and i could go anywhere in a limo for 2 hours and we chose to pick up weed above all..
 i need someone to come over and watch netflix and smoke w me.
 i wanna go smoke in the woods or something 
 sweet leaf dispo in flint got the best weed and dispensary i done been too off rip
 i just wanna go home and smoke a blunt already 
 i hadnt smoked weed nor played ffxiv in over a week. this morning was interesting.
 just smoked this maui waui to my face 
  cask conditioned mocha amp cigs  imp. smoked porter   8.3 abv  88 ibu  mocha amp cigarrettes conditionedonaji chili peppers  cinnamon  si
 free party in san bernardino all day today. hella weed and other shenanigans such as video game 
 boutta send smoke up your way  
 the hemp used for fiber isnt the same plant that you smoke and doesnt contain thc. its more like stinging nettle.
 applewood smoked steak nachos.  glutenfree @weberacademy weberacademy grilllog shokar12 @ 
 you smoking weed again cause you just dont know what to do anymore . thats sad asf 
 i need to smoke
 we get it you smoke weed.
 jeremy allen white is a smoke show
 once everybody legalize weed in the usa watch the economy go up as well as the quality of life
 a sasquatch covered in marijuana leaves crashes a live news report during a snow storm  via @laughingsquid
 @lyricoldrap @bridgettewest look into hemp oil for agp. you can order online. can heal cancer. kombucha tea too. prayer helps too 
 my son will not fall asleep and i need a smoke break. but whatevs guess ill blow later
 who likes yurts who likes weed i dont know. fuck around with me.
 wtf seattle weed is packaged lol 
 my cat promised to buy me a weed omelet in the morning.
 @dannied2112  i guess he was rigjt leafs were smoked
 charles you smoke 
 was a helllllaaa tiring day.  lol smoked amp watched some movies all day.
 someone smoke with me before i lose my mind
 do yall have a playlist that you smoke too 
 okay real question.... how did someone discover marijuana  and what was their experience after getting gloriously high fr though 
 but dont listen to me  im just a nigga smokin some  ass weed 
 who sell weed that i can come too
 spark  this j smoke it then 
 i dont trip off typos . i smoke too much weed for that .
 hey man you smoke weed                          raises eyebrow and smirks
 better yet  i wont smoke or drink again. i have to do better with my life..
 sooo  yeah i didnt smoke today 
 @618youngin but jus continue to smoke yo mids lil nigga stay in your lane
 fuck the socalled libertarian weed voters. onceinalifetime stupid choices. they wont make the same mistake in 
 @kirstmcmaster ivanka. donald jr. their spouses. not all the kennedys were smokeshows. and they had an uncanny ability to die young.
 just wanna roll up all of the bullshit and smoke away.
 really really hoping that space jesus  rezz  liquid stranger  and ganja white knight get night time sets @ the stage inside sheerwood.
 this shit not good n all but damn did i miss being able to smoke outside 
 this weed taste like dreams
 @un funding the house an sen as well as fake news corporate medias smoke screen funding them too they need to keep going after russia in
 see our latest brentwood  tn job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign...  
 uvm sucks lol go smoke a mole  
 i hate dudes i used to fw who talk mad shit  im like you wasnt talking shit when i gave you gas money  weed  amp good head lol
 @theblakerodgers just be happy for him that he quit smoking  dude. they should hand out ecigarettes to smokers on every street corner.
 walnut bread smoked ham sandwich . 2 sunny eggs . cheddar . braised kale  foodzmything 
 im looking for the local weed man  can somebody please tell me where he stay  i aint smoked all fuckin day  i got 50 on a muhfuckin eighth
 preparing the beef brisket to be smoked tomorrow in the morning. look at what my wife can do. 
 anybody  down to smoke and chilll soo bored.
 @masscann @bostonglobe absolutely  marijuana convictions needlessly keep too many people from getting jobs they are 
 2nd stop @ mables smokehouse amp banquet hall  @mablesbrooklyn in brooklyn  ny 
 for a great example of why civility is overrated  see joe rogan apologizing to steven crowder for sticking to the facts on cannabis.
 beautiful day to go cruise and smoke a blunt
 blue eyes crying in the rain by the smokey mountain boys  george jones  from soundhound 
 whoa. smokey and peppery. very interesting  drinking a sandal tan by @libertinebrew at @libertinebrew   
 i be ready to cry when i get smoke in my eye 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   ashville  oh
 sundayshoutout to some dope cannabis peeps @iamcharlogreene   the folks @imtooeffinghigh   @tommychong @trailerparkboys @conanobrien 
 until a few years ago i thought that the weed smell was just what dreadlocks smelled like.
 @matthewinsea @maytagsmom who needs a viagra when you got weed
 i busted my jar today wit my weed in it 
 let me smoke one and chill b4 i get some lawyers fees 
 shouldve never smoked before watching this movie..
 not all weeds are bad @ livermore  california 
 that was the semitrailer from the movie smokey and the bandit on the show  the walking dead.
 the smokey and the bandit trailer on @walkingdeadamc
 @amctalkingdead is the semi trailer used in this episode the same one from smokey and the bandit
 im just tryna smoke
 i just wanna smoke and watch movies. 
 where you going to find some fucking weed lol
 this steak look like a smokers lung
 this girl on my snapchat put up a picture of her holding like 2 grocery sized bags full of straight up nugs. how can one have that much weed
 making good vibe music for the people to vibe and smoke to is my thing man
 whaiit nigga u hemp
 can we just smoke instead of argue all the time.. i know u got a lot on your mind
 when your alcohol tolerance goes down and your weed tolerance goes up 
 usgs08111500  brazos rv nr hempstead  tx  heavy rain 0.84 inhr over the last 15 minutes  
 smoking weed this morning @randpaul 
 and to smoketh once more
 structure fire 315 pineville point av smoke showing apartment station 12s area dgist 
 @joebucsfan spent saturday studying @bbqfranklin technique for pork butt. 5.5 hrs of smoke  2.5hrs wrapped 30 min rest. 5pm gonna be good
 basically what the universe is saying is that im forever alone but at least i have photography and weed
 @fmnjohn @johncornyn so ure saying all this is smoke and mirrors to keep the masses confused. while someone puts in place a nefarious plan.
 i smoke me 23 to the dome soon as im alone
 need weed
 see our latest isleofpalms  sc job and click to apply cook i  the smokehouse full time   hospitality
  im feeling way better...  as i smoke this gizzle
 @jessburdette about to smoke wrud
 im about to smoke this blunt  eat this food  and then watch spice world. im so happy
 if you rolling anything less than a 1.5 in a backwood you not really a backwood smoker
 im at two js smokehouse in palmyra  va 
 happy birthday sweetheart  smoke some gas today  @robmcgee32
 to my koko  travis  bambam gatsby  simba  tiger  smokey  harley  spots  caitlin and wybie. mommy loves you nationalloveyourpetday
 @versanchie hahahaha i love the weed time measurement
 oh yeah  we keep our purse and bag items right next to the trays of fucking sick dragon necklaces and weed stickers. 
 i smoke cigarettes and you should delete your entire account and existence 
 dont smoke weed 
 why do they sell wraps in the store if weed is illegal 
 @powiwaui smoke weed everydaaaaaaaay
 im so sick of smelling weed....coming through my window im trying too stop smoking not continue...lol  shit...
 never smoke a blunt that you didnt see get rolled up. 
 wtf i do before weed
 at the park  8th grader i think im gonna skip school tomorrow so i can smoke pot. my dads the sheriff so i cant get arrested.
 were the 3 musketeers all4oneone4all or well lose free college amp legal weed is not enough disabilitiesvetsseniorsvoting rightsblmetc
 hella wish i could drive to a lake and just smoke there and chill
 @yessbree how we gonna smoke in atlanta im scared. how will i make it.
  ya ass phat ma  but you cool peoples. i would say lets smoke but the kid dont smoke no mo
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 @vanorml virginia needs to stop worrying about weed an find these missingmurdered women 
 about to smoke my pinky toes
 i cant wait to finish this project so i can smoke a bowl  take a hot shower amp pass tf out
 not even technically my friends 21st and hes drinking crying on the couch with a broken ankle begging to smoke a cig 
 smokey ice  pulp riot is the paint. noir  smoke and lilac for  the shadow  mercury and lilac 
 just made my first liquid marijuana and he ordered another. im a beast at bartending.
 where the weed @
 ill smoke yo broke ass nigga 
 put that in your hot pocket and smoke it 
 jack herer the hemperor  live. life. high.  thebfclub jackherer thehemperor noho 
 that daiquiri had me feeling good   since ion smoke nomore i go get me a drink now 
 one day im gonna smoke a fat ass blunt wit my mom probably no time soon but one day
 i wanna smoke on my roof but i know someones dumbass is gonna fall off
 i smoke cigs and this is me  
 if you a gymnast and you smoke  ........... ......... ...... ... ..  does that make you a tumbleweed
 green smoke to black
 tell the cops he has weed comedy busted 
 no weed.. no money ....hella school work.. my life.
 rep. peake says bill will add 8 conditions to current law  in which patients qualify for medical cannabis oil @wgxanews
 bruh leos reeeeks of weed and it aint me this time
 @crazyajq @tacoravingtaco @sevlamusic i dont even smoke weed lol
 ajr7 new an advisory referendum on legalization of medical marijuana. 
 its funny cause they asked the class what we wanted to do 85 of that class are majors of horticulture wanting to grow marijuana..
 mdcl lowfloat weed 
 ill probably smoke one today  maybe   maybe not
 sure i drink more jack in my coke now  a little more high in smoke now.
 get money fuck hoes smoke hella loud  no relation i dont even wanna wife now
 jaguar fpace llumar ceramic ctx 15 to match factory smoked rear windows.  llumar ceramic air 
 ive had ppl call me square bc i rarely drink and dont smoke or participate in other narcotics
 fuck that dude got smoked it wouldnt suprise me if it killed him 
 @kailarodriguez8 i think the only thing i prefer is legal weed and a beach and maybe a nice amusement parkweather but ep dont got it 
 what do i need to smoke to enjoy future cause this set at rolling loud is going to be hard on me.
 im trynna smoke but iont like smoking outside
 and i promise you my joints would smoke longer than your blunts
 do cigarette smokers realize how horrible they smell this is a legit question.
 now it smells like weed
 so glad to cosponsor who china representative dr.schwartlanders visit. amazing designampimplementation of smokefre 
 why did i put lipstick on before i smoker
 i didnt smoke your weed. but you broke up with me over some stupid reason.
 this bitch wanna smoke all my weed
 i have to stop leaving my weed in my coat pocket cause now im at the orthodontist and its all i can smell smh
 yesterdays eyeliner and mascara does not turn into todays smokey eye... it turns into a mess
 @itskilla007 every time i see her she tells me that we have to hangout lol its so cute  weed will bring us together 
 yall think i can roll up a blunt and smoke it all within my fifteen minute break
 50 sea 50 weed
 @madisondelg tbh i didnt know you smoked
 make amurica great again was the biggest con ever  smoke screen for the bigger picture...line their pockets w  
 in 1 week well be smoke free dallasparks are smoke free beginning march 1 smelltheflowers thx for not smoking 
 i think someone just literally smoked in the stair well in community
 @parasitelover weed
 up blowin up this smoke.
 im sending me snaps of your fucking weed im not buying it
 rachel shilling for liberate physicians centers trying to get your medical marijuana card   
 i literally said this morning that i wouldnt smoke anymore but here i am
 i just need a bitch to roll my weed
 just told my mom ive been plotting to smoke with her since i was 16 
 @dirquez dude lit up outside after being asked to by his comrades. definitely blew the smoke into the building  tho
 @centennialatl @jrbeta student found 1 while helping weed library shelves  motivation for others to keep working
 free smoke n no passin
 just follow the smoke and smell of burning garbage. you should find part of it. 
 since bernie got back to dc not introduced 1 bill to help poorseniorsprisonreformmedicarestudentslegal weed or blm so no keithellison
 dumpage in utah  cold smoke pow all day  love utah powder  
 @inneedoweed @killermike @runjewels @bostonglobe thank you  weedman ive always wanted to say that.
 gulf shrimp ceviche with smoked lime  blonde ale  tricolor chilis  micro cilantro and crispy 
 hb1197 new exclude marijuana from farm products definition 
 would literally trade sex for some weed rn
 the quest to get everyone in a hemp tee continues at manwomanshows in nyc and desertanddenim 
 @realtimers bill maher smokes too much weed. do you really think he knows what he is talking about
 i cant believe in the year of our lord 2017 marijuana isnt legal
 full screen  hd  let me take another picture let me pull up to the preshow  ..thats a whole lotta reefer lemme help you with the preroll
 once i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you
 cold smoked salmon  pea shoots  radish  bacon lardon  lemon 
 in 1st grade i got a red day because i was pretending to smoke a pretzel 
 @winterwolfe7 he does not hide his smoking. he smokes the same brand as my niece
 before i ever get stabbed n the back or slit by the throat im going out pistol and smoke.  like bro  riplildonnie 
 @sophiemarcz santa clarita diet. orange is the new black. the walking dead. weeds
 no wonder they dont legalize weed 
 @babies2017 @frayserclick smoke wed
 idk but im trynna smoke
 83 of texans are in favor of some legal medical marijuana reform..not quite there on recreational use yet.
 the music smokejazzclub last night was  fabulous thank you kjdenhert for your wit and wisdom. 
 its to early in the morning for my bosses anti weed propaganda bullshit 
 @gordonramsay smoked goodness... 
 im tryna hit a cannabis cigar
 i smoke on snapchat because i feel and look cool says the head ass
 always trying to find new people to blaze with but nobody answers or makes up excuses daam im just trying to get you to blaze free weed
 ...no because i just smoked 2 jays at the same time on my smokey shid and reallllllly listened to it  you were sobe 
 what a fucking dumbass who just brings a bad of weed to school  que pendejo smh
 that moment when you convince 2 ppl that dont smoke to smoke hahhha
 who wants to smoke a blunt
 throwback thursday. up in smoke @ snohomish  washington 
 @420 @jessicamhall57 next time your this way shoot me a dm.  weed pun intended loved to have ya over
 scoop   smoke
 and got fake weed plus window jumping lessons. 
 i will 100 call u out on trying to kill urself if u smoke cigarettes and im not sorry about it
 sean spicer just said during a white house briefing that he expects federal enforcement of law regarding recreational marijuana.
 i dont call them my right and left hands i call them my beer and smoke hands
 the attorney general once said the only bad thing about the klan was that they smoked weed. so yea this is what we get.
 marijuana is under attack by trump and sessions. what does spicer mean when he says they will take action against legal weed
 trump on marijuana and then i really believe we should leave it up to the states. @seanspicer says today otherwise. waste of federal time.
 just when you think you couldnt hate the current wh more they hint at cracking down on recreational marijuana in states where its legal.
 i dont believe that sessions will limit raids to adultuse marijuana. will just label mmj stores in liberal states as psuedorecreational
 im watching a guy eat a slice a pizza and smoke a cigarette at the same time.
 sometimes i randomly remember tht secondhand smoke hurts dogs too and i get rlly sad
 remember sessions thought the kkk were ok until i found out they smoked pot 
 @washingtonpost next thing you know reefer madness will be hitting the cinemas  come to canada
 we listening to that marijuana music 3
 @dmcpartldavid @stockmonsterusa @realdonaldtrump but using marijuana leads to stronger drugs like heroine.
 @potus cracks down on marijuana laws to enrich his bad hombres in the for profit prisons. its all about making mon 
 @conradmeyland come to california and smoke legal weed and play rock band greenday
 @davidvegasdog tank tops are now available for preorder. size sl. pink  smoke  and black. only 
 @realdonaldtrump legalizing recreational use of marijuana has taken 1.8 billion away from the cartel just in colorado good business
 ive been a stoner for a while now amp ive neverrrr smoked a back wood
 in 8th grade natalie stasiuk got suspended for tweeting i suck dick for weed money while in school @natalieeve12 
 smoked so much weed tonight...
 why do i not have copious amounts of weed at arms reach
 it was like this for at least 7 minutes  as if all the hospital staff went out for a smoke. not spooky at all. 
 i dont have enough california weed left for all this insane music that just dropped tonight.
 gucci tryna book beyonc for his weeding....guess who sneaking into the atl shindig of the century
 bannon is gonna get his dream shit storm w this one for sure. try to take away folks weed  chaos ensues. 
 jeff session bout to get tough on marijuana in states that legalized it hahahahahaha good luck homie
 @potus obamacare amp tax reforms   not bathrooms amp weed. that is all  thanks for listening.
 .@realdonaldtrump says recreational weed should be a nono. bad news for ca  co  ma  me  nv  wa states. 
 wow they are coming for your weed all while handing out guns to the mentally ill  magapriorities
 when your boss sniffs you and says       smells like someones been burning weed but your his best employee  
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 i think you hate the smell of smoke you always tryna get me to stop but you drink as much as me and i get drunk a lot  edsheeran 
 havent smoked weed in almost a year i wonder what a lot of my beats wouldve been if i still did though. .
 anyone wanna smoke crack and die hmu
 i just want to go to la for some weed edibles 
 pregnant women who smoke weed and drink sometimes make me so angry. do it for your baby  they are worth so much more than a non sober second
 imma quit smoking weed today
 isnt it interesting seeing that frenetic pace in wh our rocking horse administration that moves but never goes anywhere smokemirrors
 all of the chain smokers songs sound similar. but i like them all so im not complaining
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1602 presbury street baltimore  
 public service announcement  @yungmajorpayne   dont smoke mids @ palm beach county  florida 
 .@realdonaldtrump you said you would leave marijuana legalization to the states keep your promise
 @happeningnow second notice that poll asked about medical and recreational marijuana lumped together.
 cooking for 3 different families today   thank heavens for phish amp great weed 
 lets smoke some blunts  watch the storm  and just enjoy nature. anyone
 my ex tried making me pick between her and weed and that was tha moment i knew she had to go. 
 if your weed man sells other drugs and only has one scale.... youve smoked other drugs besides weed
 dope  drinking a ghost pig blonde ale by smoke signals at @smokesignalsq   
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 @realjack  amen to that im all for weeding out dishonorable media they have no honor in their reporting and more and more people know it
 @realdonaldtrump  happy with all youve done so far and prayed  that you would  beat hillary i dont smoke but know alcohol is worse
 @liltunechi performing live @bellcotheatre mile high city smoke out meet me there lets get litty tonight 
 game 36 north allegheny vs hempfield. this is the 1 vs 8 quarterfinal game in girls 6a wpial 
 sometimes running away from home helps to find the home that counts  eat  love  pray. smokey mountains sounds like 
 teen arrested outside fernandina beach church youth group meeting with stolen gun  weed 
 arriving in port royal  jamaica first then out to score our first gram of ganja. high on edibles jamaica ptsd 
 someone smoke w me
 federal protections for transgenders not ok.  using federal law to go after legalized marijuana ok. trumpasshole 
 im tryna smoke big dope 
 these weed brownies good asshit ona low
 drinking a smoke filled room by @hopbutcher @ white eagle south   photo
 i can smell those cigarettes that you used to smoke at the back door
 @bilbowski @bigjimmurray @chrismannixys wish celtics focused their attention on tucker at the trade dealine...cs smoked again on boards
 i couldnt ever date someone who smokes cigs. 
 currently smoking the best weed ive ever smoked
 the phrase tell dad to keep his paws off my weed has come out of my mouth multiple times in the past few months  sry u cant have my life
 congrats to both our boys and girls @navasotaisd soccer teams. both got road wins tonight over hempstead.
 been weed sleep for two hours now im up like shit
 private prisons are set to make millions more when trumpf starts throwing potheads in jail for smoking weed.  repealampreplacetrumpf
 how often do you see me on anything besides weed
 its 4am and police officers are searching vehicles on campus... already smoked it dude thx though. no but seriously  what
 the marijuana calling my name  i think im finna start back i need to 
 corey feldman on best friend corey haims death. 224 where theres smoke theres fire maga keepfighting 
 i successfully did not smoke last night while i was drinking. proud 
 me  exactly five minutes after smoking a cigarette i could really go for a smoke right now
 how do you constantly run out of weed  time for a new plug
 gonna smoke and take pics today 
 trucks on scene. smoke escalating.  380macpherson torontofire
 one year ago today i took this photo while we watched our store amp home fill with smoke from a 
 my homegirl shared her weed w us or whatever and was gassin it up talkin bout smell it. dat shit was weak as hell lol
 ma auntie gets mad because i smoke but she doesnt talk to any of us when we tell her she drinks too much 
 i get tired of doing the same shit everyday....but if ima do the same shit everyday just let me smoke at least damn
 yall ever smoke and then burp and smoke still comin out lol
 now thats a smoker crushitlikequint haveagansett 
 going to tear out an old fence today. trying to decide what cigar to smoke while doing so. firstworldproblems
 @derpdevii look like someone stole your weed and you know who did it but hed fuck you up if you pressed him so you just gonna go to class
 were assisting the red cross today with free smoke alarm amp co alarm installations in loveland.  great volunteers h 
 @growing0up0girl sorry getting my  girls properly outfitted for pulling weeds
 ion smoke no more so i be feeling contact frfr 
 you do you. ill do me. and i smoke weed.  get over it. i dont care what you do on your time. retweet if you can r 
 i remember the days when a chain smoker was just what we called kelsey when she was hammered
 this kind of shit is so upsetting  smh so much weed just flushed how dumb 
 someone smoke w me
 legal weeds popularity could be obstacle for wh crackdown  via @newsyvideos leave it to the states amp not @potus
 bill walton straight up pulled a weed branch out on tv
 i have yet to buy a pack of cigarettes which  contains the elusive extra smoke that so many people ask for.
 @xmackgothx @adunner3 smoke weed
 this dude just told me i smoke sexy................ how you do dat
 them all you do is smoke weed  me  
 all these females say they want a nigga that just work  smoke  and play 2k... until they get one 
 who can deliver me weed rn
 all we do is smoke weed and play mortal kombat
 telling on everybody that sell weed in br
 dont get too close. you get smoked nigga.
 up still smokin rapper weed
 i want to tell her how much i appreciate her being in my life but yet i feel like i would just annoy her so imma just smoke instead
 shout out to the females who smoked me out tonight 
 just got out of work but my coworker just pulled out the weed and offered to drop me off home so im winning at the end of the night.
 testing smoked coffee 
 someone text me that i shorted them on weed so i said bring it back ill swap it out. they said well we smoked out of it lmao wtf
 imagine being ok with everything trump said and did up until maybe not letting you buy weed at a store anymore. 
 beer amp bacon night exclusive.... smoked strip bacon  crispy fried onions  year aged cheddar amp 
 take a away the weed from ya life and watch how much friends u lose 
 i get hit up @ 4am asking if i want to smoke. yup we smoking alright. 
 @marrerohippie been a real smoker since i meet bro  everytime he post nigga smoking big 
 walking into an enclosed public place and not suffocating from cigarette smoke is an underrated quality of being alive today.
 @voted4trumpbut being republican has nothing to do with supporting weed
 good work  christine. boomers nostalgic for their college days dont realize marijuana is much differentdangerous 
 crack a window we gone smoke this indo
 smoke weed erryday
 @derwood2783 @princessmuffin6 @potus legalised cannibalsoh cannabis never mind.
 @cnn good they need to because marijuana is no longer a natural herb. they put too much into.
 true. imaah have to come smoke with you one day . 
 @jstats @pietranjello smoke ing in the boys room
 28 grams per dispensary. if i got to 4 a day.... so much weed.
 who tryna smoke and eat
 ready to smoke this jernt...
 phone dry so im finna smoke a perso and chill.
 i tell everyone im going back to new york and they talking about having cyphs and shit and im like i dont even smokeeee
 2017 im exclusively getting weed from white people
 im sad and i still dont have weed 
 i tried to smoke the bowl lmao who am i high 
 netflix  weed and chill.
 google just smoked facebook with that ad
 i only ever smoke w the suite like why dont i know any females who smoke like me at school 
 pay for my college as well as my familys  buy my parents a house  buy a fuckton of weed  then donate the rest to r 
 smoke somewhere scenic  get some bomb ass food  smoke some more  watch something and chill lol. not extravagant but 
 @bbyphat222 happy birthday mama   hope u had a great one and smoked hella blunts 
 spent my whole damn advance on some fucking weed
 whos up rn i need someone whos down to smoke your girl needs another hand
 incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue 
 idk how many blunts i smoked with jordan ass yesterday morning but im just now waking up and coming down off my damn high 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 that moment where you think youre out of weed but remember you have a back up stash that you almost forgot about 
 @realdonaldtrump if you in 17 no are dimond on @amway you need to be cannabis smoker or president @fbi
 smoking marijuana and then hittin the pen gtgtgtgt  the best high ever
 all i smoke is ls on a paper trail ..
 quick to spend money on weed but cant pay all ya renttt.. 
 new song and music video out now dj smokey  i got up next official music video by @positivepabs check it out now 
 bruh my dog a weed head already
 niggas be smokers but only know how to roll blunts and only smoke blunts  nigga gtfo on baby shit.
 spending the afternoon checking out premier league whuche @ famous smokeshop 
 if my lips have been on your dick and you dont sell me weed at cost  im gonna burn your house down
 @postmalone dumped my tray of roaches on this dude at a light. he was stoked. bet i smoke anything but oregon chronic. 
 boy  i just love colors. i mentioned smokin weed amp painting some day... in 2005... at ict... working for virgin mobile. oh  life  ur gr8.
 listen....im not finna say smoking weed when youre pregnant is bad or not i personally wouldnt but the tobacco 
 this job make you wanna smoke a p
 what nigga you kno spends over 50 on weed every single day smh lol im one of em....
 my mom smokes cigs in the house but wont let me smoke pot smh
 matter fact til a nigga die smoke kush blunts til a nigga cry
 yea i had a drink yea i smoked
 lmao the rosa about weed.
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 all about my business  survival of the fittest  she let me hide my weed in her titties
 ion wanna drank baby i just wanna smoke
 they aint saw nothin bout weed 
 bout to smoke and call it a night
 you dont want smoke on my gangggg
 someone should let me use their optimum wifi... ill give u weed 
 like naw frfr deadass smoked
 imma smoke it off
 lmao reason why you cant give black people weed amp instrumentals.  @0051noosyam 
 ion smoke so .. weed 
 my eyes were burning from the smoke walking in tonight. 
 i havent smoked in like 2 weeks
 i smoke so much the ashes starting to burn on me
 @deeeasley not wo fisa in this circumstance. obama eo w sigint before leaving ofc is smoke. conspiracy smoke.
 catch me if you cannabis californiamovies @midnight
 i smoke i drank i jerkkkk
 so you bringing back jobs from your and ivankas businesses overseas hmmm thought not what a smoke screenletsseet 
 is it sad if i start smoking weed the moment i wake up
 i aint ever gon stop smokin weed tho 
 gave a guy a 1 to get on the bus and he gives me a pipe full of weed  
 when your weedman is serious with the shitgtgt
 the weed make me think better it put me in the vibe.
 i cant smoke w a mf thats constantly on their phone
 i smoked last night amp this morning doe. i been sober for days. thats pretty good. ion think i can quit quit rn 
 my weed man full of shit 
 goodmorning everyone thanks for thee recommendation cuzzo jhyman an latisha. smoked salmon an 
 i smoke a lotta gas.
 this break all i wanted to do was vacation and smoke weed but nooo.. you have to pass a drug test if i apply anywhere..
 @ekush97 lmfaooo 4 what she gonna smoke the whole thing and not even inhale leaving u nothing
 when niggas say ur weed dry but u got 5 strains from different regions vacuum sealed and its a extra 5 now on 
 its a great day outside  imma smoke this wood amp slap dumbass hard all the way too school 
 carlsbad looks like it just legalized marijuana
 @este7gomez smoke...
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 @seanspicer @potus pharmaceutical competition would drive down the cost of meds a good example would be  medical marijuana legalizeit
 @andyreidkc  tony romo and adrian peterson could put us over the top romo has a couple of years left and peterson  would smoke everyone
 lil wayne sounds like a 75 year old woman that smokes 3 packs of cigarettes a day
 should have brought sum pack to smoke on break 
 @letty blowing smoke
 desperately trying to fit all this weed in this dutch its not working
 i just wanna smoke a blunt then hoop.
 let me just go smoke a blunt amp mind my business 
 @icianan or its not your place to comment on everything. its her health why the fuck do you care so much. like damn be smooth go smoke
 ive had the same skincare routine since i was 14. in the shower i wash my face wdr. bronners hemp castile bar soap.
 chase amp i just wanna smoke amp eat
 track girls do be wavy but they weave be smoked  
 lmfao there are really ppl who just sit n smoke all day. that would make me more suicidal than i already am
 today in my drug class this kid asked the teacher if shes ever smoked a wood amp she was so confused. 
 nelson adopts cannabis business license scheme  bchc pharma marijuana
 smokers breath stinks  i dont give a fuck if you smoking the finest weed from amsterdam nigga. smoking  no brushing smells horridd
 yeah i hella left outside mad  and started walking but i had to go back inside to get my weed 
 @brainwashedur @diegouk to the jackass who created that meme  screw you. 8 yrs i watched bho slimed by dick weeds like them. 
 hit the weed then pass out  homie you a amateur
 moral of the day smoking weed is good for you and the government is trying to cover up its wonderful effects because it cures everything
 @mahilena  pure smoke screen. wiki is bought and paid for by putin.
 im more of a social smoker these days. i used to smoke to take away the pain but im no longer suffering.
 i had to load up. i hadnt smoked in 4 hours
 when i smoke again imma be big fried but first i gotta pass this test
 ld855 engross an act to protect children from edible cannabis products 
 @thebadexec ikr the stores  the menus  we used to have punch cards  but the mean old marijuana board took them away.
  performance and education. on tour with smokey robinson in naples fla. 
 the lewis and clark restaurant on main st.  in st. charles   caught fire around 100 pm last night 37. substantial water and smoke damage.
 way past the cias life span  time to pull the weeds  start over. way too many spooks  trying to screw american free 
 craft beer sales take a hit from marijuana and wine  beer craftbeer interesting quick read.
 clovis nm wed mar 8th am forecast today smoke hi 73 tonight mostly clear lo 43
 the apple fennel salad is as delicious as it looks. pickled fennel  green apple  arugula  smoked cheddar  drunk pec 
 i feel like nobody got better weed than la
 this guy owes me 75 but is selling weed and dabs im lost
 wish i had more people to smoke with
 @post people that smoke weed dont as a rule drink amp people that drink dont as a rule smoke weed. so this is a big fat nothing burger
 i smoke so much the ashes starting to burn on me
 i aint hearing that toleranceshit...if you smoke gas you dont need too much to get high snoop still get high lmao
 tt closed guard sub chain corebjj w brent weedman  video   louisville bjj jiujitsu 
 every single cig smoker in tn has came into walgreens amp blew in my face
 check out our menu on weedmaps...a little something for everyone httpst.coxebsnrpjmp  weedmenu getitatleaf medicalcannabis ftp
 drinking an imperial smoked porter with vanilla beans by @jjbrewco at @tenayacreek   photo
 i met a guy on a train  he said his name was boston  he was trying to a hold of his old friend matt damon  then he offered to sell me weed
 miss my cheeks  but i misssss weed the most
 i neeeeeeeeeeeed love  i neeeeeeeeeeeed weed
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   transportation
 because im in the shape to try and smoke and go to the gym 
 kennedy has to stop letting 511 marshon crowder get offensive rebounds though  he puts hempstead back on top iahsbkb
 right way to do weed
 @joerogan the nfl is so against cannabis because the alcohol industry spends a ton of advertising  with them and big alcohol is against pot
 too bad i cant smoke anymore hahaha
 yall gotta fw us females that smoke weed. we can just chill you play 2k amp im just sitting there rolling the blunts watching you play
 smoke and smoke 
 im determined to get my mom high at some point bc shes never smoked before
 if everyone in the entire world was forced to smoke one jointblunt on the same day i bet it would be the calmest day ..
 goes to la one time @leahandersonnn oh my gosh that one day i smoked weed at that house party in california...
 drink a little drink smoke a little smoke
 this tincture shit was cute but i think tmr might be time to smoke a j.
 hour ago  scoliosisosteoporosis was screaming and anxiety amp exhaustion levels nutso. after quality cannabis therapy  i can smile again.
 just got off work amp was gonna call some friends to see if anyone wanted to smoke then i realized i dont have any friends. 
 @aquafare @thejournalista move away from greasy food  eat fruits  drink water  dont smoke or so so minimally...
 see our latest defiance  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 @bigstick2013 russian thing with trump is a smoke boom from obama shadow gov. to sidetrack trump the stuff marie labo would love. vudo 
 my slow flows remarkable  peace to matteo. now we smoke weed like tony montana sniffed the yayo...thats crazy blunts.
 just paid this dumb ass 150 ticket. on my momma next time i get pulled for weed or given a ticket im not payin it might as well lock me up
 @4truintentions u dont want no smoke
 if i dont make it back to fl ots because i enjoy the legalized weed a lil too much  waytowashington
 @mistresslucyxx can you smoke a bong
