 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 you cant smoke with my click  we smoke os in the whip.
 i smoke a blunt in the morning and then i smoke a blunt after that
 @thelaurenway i think ima smoke amp walk my dog but ill hold you to that
 attempt to stop smoking weed pt. 2
 my dad just asked me to stay at my parents house tonight to watch the dogs cus theyre staying at foxwoods. lit get to smoke in the crib
 the whole germantown ave from wister to chelten got garbage ass weed.
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed the whip
 rain drop drop top i like to smoke and play black ops
 @brevardeoc any clue when they will finish titusville 2 weeks of smoke at night horrible
 @hersheydenise1  if that worked their would not be a billion smokers in the world amp 5 million deaths a year from smoking
 @smilingbagels i got ls on my record  weed on the vinyl
 punish man who allegedly sprayed baby bird with weed killer 
 i smoke  work  smoke  and make music  thelife
 i wanna smoke a blunt with @barackobama
 @jakemiller meet me in miami in a week from today and instead of your show well go to the beach and smoke amp drink  millerhighlife 
 we stay smoken kingcali9to5hustlenewmoney ackiller fuegobios wesmokeweed weed weednation 
 comedians in cars...smoking cannabis 
 smoke a lot of weed drink alot of ciroc. call it loud and clear
 if my weeding shoes are designer and my husband did this... 
 wish i had a girl to smoke all my weed with
 @rishaun dope baby smoke sumn 
 ion do crack i smoke weed 
 this nigga take a hour just to bring you some weed outside
 where is the niggas that smoke like i smoke  i cant never find nobody to match ssu 
 fresh out the showerwatching love and basketballjus finished eating some noodlesbout to smoke amp take it in tired been at work allday
 go figure the first year we actually get to go to weedsport its the same night as prom
 well talk smoke alarms in boom news in 4 minutes.  
 house hijacks drug bill to force discussion of medical marijuana  via state journal 
 idk why my eyes look like i just smoked 10 blunts but whatever 
 south hempstead ny fri mar 10th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @bjp4india @smritiirani @arunjaitley   the termites  must be weeded out  to leave the country.
 toronto trends now emery  cannabis culture  mark  regent park  pearson. 
 moving up in the world to smoked cheese using the amazenn smoker tube with apple pellets @kamadojoe 
 according to @nfpa  23 of home fire deaths result from broken smoke alarms. check yours when you change the clock iaffsafetytips
 clovis nm fri mar 10th am forecast today smoke hi 67 tonight smoke lo 47
 your babies daddy smokes mid
 good friends you would bitch at me when i wouldnt get enough alc for yall or i could smoke up all of you. yall so 
 spring ahead this weekend and change those smoke detector batteries 
 let me get a 10 min smoke break so i can roll up then
 just wanna smoke amp drink with my girl
 everyone who gets in my car to me smell like hella weed in here
 i hate the smell of cigarette smoke 
 someone just smoked weed in class... welcome to chs
 dont understand how someone can have parents or close family who smoke  see the effects on them and still chose to do it themselves
 being very courteous to the smoke man this afternoon  
 @tinkertoy5 thank you so much for your purrs and prayers for my smokey. he was injured by an animal attack in our yard. 
 my girl smoked 4 grams w me idc if yall think its dumb to me it makes me happy af 
 @chelsnicolee  i was looking for the high too much so i did the same thing i smoked another one.
 @concertchick27 i would keep to see holy smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 114 north potomac street baltimore  send mess 
 dude in san jose just came up to me can i get 10 i owe this dude for weed  been there my dude take it
 just saw an ad for cannabis tasting tour in colorado 
 if you ever need someone to stare at you all day while they smoke blunts add @jonnydi20746255 on snapchat.
 i take a little more jack in my coke now  amp a little more high in my smoke now.
 i would smoke with you bro but your shit look so so  so im blowin solo
 i need more girl friends who smoke so we can b having a sesh and talk about drama n shit high af
 ive told 3 ppl to smoke a penis today
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 815 druid park lake dr  send message. 
 i caught it 420 aaaannnddd im in a waiting room. cant smoke.  @ sarasota  florida 
 i wish the high school kids wouldnt stand outside the window of front desk just to smoke cigs and stare at me.
 a couple insights from our communitys cannabis rituals   ahlot cannabis infographic acmpr 
 i think im all done with coffee and weed for a little while... dependonnothing
 holy smokes alshon jeffrey is a man of few words lol
 officers from the northwestdistrict recovered 30 pounds of marijuana during a drug investigation 
 weed is great  weed is good  weed belongs in your neighborhood. okay mom
 our smoked brisket went over so well last weekend  were bringing it back for this sunday to go with our 5 tallboy 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation augusta  ga job jobs
 et   soon as you hear the drop no guessin g  you know its me  might smoke one might smoke 
 easter ham time go to  to order. 810 pound spiral sliced smoked ham for only 40 all proceeds benefit jccac.
 you are not a hippie just because you smoke marijuana 
 thats a serious dab we are the worlds most smoked out podcast welovehiphop we got that 
 i havent smoked since last night
 said she wanna hang with me and smoke up all my weed i said...mumbles unintelligibly @pamperedpimpp
 if you know anyone that has pot  go smoke some and calm downmy fucking mom
 since weed is legalized here in california now  and thus i cant get busted for all my bongs and shit  i think imma skip the mmj card...
 ill shoot up some ronny thomp before i smoke this garbage lol
 man i miss weed wine and wings wednesdays in malibu  major shoutout to @jamilio aka jamalibu
 the source of all that smoke over springfield is something northwest of the airport 
 @charmermi weed is really great
 @marksuppelsa nbc wgn investigates @maryannahernnbc too much lying too much russia too much smoke  
 albino from about 41 bus is packed today and smells a lot more like weed than normal. oo
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1 willard street baltimore  
 passionately debates with parents y weed should be legal... dad tells me hes gonna leave the food out for when i come in 2nite munchies
 im on this weed and codeine
 ayo @zoeydollaz you think jay buck talkin facts my g or blowing smoke
 @carlruiz @davidchang really otaku ramen in nashville smokes his ramen and buns. though his kimchi and sprouts are amazing. tell roland.
 ifd there were no working smoke alarms in the home. investigators are working to figure out where and how the fire started @rtv6
 good for you  person driving with their window down in 12 degree weather with a kid in the back so you can smoke parentoftheyear
 dont forget to spring forward one hour before heading to bed tonight  as daylight savings ends. change smoke de 
 then the lord will create over all of mount zion and over those who assemble there a cloud of smoke  . . . 
 b tryna smoke rn.. its 4am 
 i need weed
 i smoked at like 6 am and it was the most relaxing shit ever
 but they tripping over weed lmao 
 @kybelle1957 @vatxn @lagatanegra17 @cspanwj stick this in your pipe and smoke it. 
 heres a 14 second stock footage of smoke 
 i just want to smoke a blunt on the top of a mountain
 with this dope in my system   i know you gon turn on me  i smoked so much the ashes startin to burn on me
 smoke some weed for ya boy cause i cant rn
 deadass boy...some good smoke and some vacuum suction on my knobby and ill be great....trb 
 im like a lady to a cigarette watching me smoke
 anyone trying to smoke 
 i hit the weed via ft with kareem.
 hit dis weed cus it might calm u down 
 they did remove lobbyists using smoke and mirrors... @cspanwj
 this lady at the toll said it smells too smokey out here amp lookin at us like were crazy bitch u know damn well its the car stop playin
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 i smoke to the point i dont even get high nm
 @mbryanbiaaa i only smoke if its with you 
 @ishabal97 ive been on a @kflay kick and you should listen to smoke and mirrorsluna bay..by far one of my favs ive found 
 ready to get this food amp smoke this blunt... literally all im worried about right now...
 first flower blooms in my yard  the weeds though... ive got my weekends booked for a loooonnnng 
 someone pull up  we can smoke on me.
 rode past a dude who had the huge smoker out and was selling burgers amp ribs. he almost got all my allowance
 im at smokes 4 less in pleasant valley  ny 
 cold day to smoke a cigar in toronto  cigaraficionado thesix personaltrainerlucascouturier 
 might smoke em  
 @sourcederived i assume so but i havent. its a wild dill weed.
 some1 kome over n smoke a cig w me
 ive been in cali for like 3 days and i have yet to smoke some cali kush
 kats got mad cause i smoke a zip a day
 nothing makes me happier than great weed  
 who tryna smoke
 i wanna smoke a blunt but guess my lungs need a break 
 gatlinburg tennessee godscountry moonovermymountains @ on top of old smokey 
 how was my 2016 my bestfriend left my brother for dead then tried to smoke his tree w me wby
 came all the way to cali and still cant buy weed out of the shops smh 
 jeff sessions just spoke candidly about marijuana and you wont like what he said @themotleyfool stocks  
 my office smells like smoke and my pet frog  roy  is dead.  starting to think he was murdered....
 i smell like weed 
 swear ill smoke a whole box of newports when im stressing and i cant hit a blunt
 @bkbtnumbers just so wrong. if young tr lived in an era that recognized how gross sideburns were hed smoke him. way more aesthetic.
 there aint shit to do with out weed. nothings fun
 life is so much better without weed amp alcohol
 corn weat soyb soft agri continue to get smoked after early march pump 
 mojo or k2 atleast tell em them name dont call it fake weed 
 you aint never got two things that match always got weed amp no wrap 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign...  
 i cant smoke no swisher bitch im on my garcia
 cant smoke my blunts then. 
 i need girl that dont smoke
 not really interested in going to shows or festivals that are in states where weed is illegal.
 i dont judge a chick that smokes cigarettes but if yo pack 3.85 im definitely cool 
 logs is all we smoke son
 guns  weed  escorts shopify sites offering much more than breitbart 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   transportation
 rs i wonder weed does that 
 yeah you do.  how are you going to understand and find errors in models   holly smokes.  
 regrann from @baybe216    im still working. @3ft   regrann @ smokehouse beatsi made this 
 cool but can i put my weed in it
 drinking a hop stoopid 2016 by @lagunitasbeer @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 if i buy weed from you less than a day ago  dont text me the same day asking if i need more 
 literally a group of cops out here smoking weed. dude pulled out his phone to record it and the cop pulled his gun out on em.
 mf sit around smoke all day that shit dry 
 i really am an advocate for medicinalrecreational consumption of marijuana.
 dispensary raids raise questions about where pot stands in canada  cannabis business times 
 anyone thats close to me automatically gets smoked out aint never leave a nigga hangin
 oregon bleu cheese lamb slider grilled on a traeger smoker...what could be better lamb 
 who needs some shake its like normal weed but already ground up and with a much better 
 these mfs need to hurry up wit my car so i can smoke 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 600 n patterson park ave  
 who can i recruit to weed out these evil groundhogs that torture us with this horrendous amp vile weather
 you ca smoke with me luv guarantee you go cough...
 every day another smokescreen to avert attention  stay focused  trumprussia
 i jus wanna smoke a blunt with @rihanna n talk that talk...
 if your weed man driving a subaru he gonna charge extra
 i drink beer with my food not smoke weed. i drink beer and watch football not smoke weed. 
 dats just me. ill never eat  smoke or nun of that in my friend face. dats not how i was built
 worst night of my life and i just wanna smoke and cuddle 
 this exactly why i dont sell weed. weed man gotta have twelve jobs or move pounds to make it work. smh. weedmen file taxes out here.
 alex is going to make me smoke by myself 
 all this time holdin onto possibilities  you step outside smoke a blunt  and then you feel the breeze.
 either im just retarded or the weed catching up to me 
 finna shower then sleep then wake up smoke a blunt then go back to sleep
 this morning i have a goldennutmilk feat turmeric. peanut butter  coco milk  hemp hearts  tahineh  bee pollen  honey  brasil nuts. tgn
 @justintrudeau gangsters taking over weed...plain and simple cops keep jobs  government gets paid and  people get fucked.  just business eh
 i once dated this dude that smoked so many of them it grossed me out and i stopped buying them asap.
 bring me starbucks. ill smoke you out
 left my blunt in my moms jacket and she wore it to work   she gone smoke my shit 
 is weed marijuana@rocioalba7
 wanna lay next to you naked amp smoke all day
 i mean it seems like pretty good financial advice to not pick up weed if u only got 10 on a sack ion think hes ma 
 @governorva expected to sign marijuana reforms into law  
 5 the strange conductor who got way too excited for smoke breaks and who whispered ice cold beer over the speaker at 7 am has left.
 now we know trumps fortune is all smoke and mirrorsthats why hes  hiding his tax returnsphony and frauddonaldjtrump
 what would you do for a pack of smokes @missey96 @chefwhips 
 soo i havent smoked in 3 days..  thats the longest its been since the 3 month period during the summer after junior year... lol im shook
 i roll me one smoke to the face
 i smoke by the qp not the oz
 i dont smoke weed but i can smoke tons of hookah...
 ive had so much on my mind lately  i been in the mood to just smoke some weed and talk about real things.
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee  sign...  
 i cant wait to get back to school for some good weed
 havent smoked all day amp im already irritable af
 @funnyviness when the weed brownies hit you
 everythings electric in my apt.. im so screwed. smoke one i guess to figure this all out
 please just smoke a fuckin blunt 
 @niniisanchez @foreigncarli us when the weed hit and i play this song 
 @brinadiane it aint like midnight and cigarette smoke  i guess some things just dont mix like you hoped  like me and you
 damn i gotta go to the atm if i want weed 
 its half past three and look at all the weed we smoked
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 @letmegetinontha you want smoke
 @foaschatz @learnedcitizen @bethreinhard stop with the lies. we now know marijuana is medicine  when used correctly.
 i dont love em  i dont chase em i duck em  smoke something  go to a new state soon as i fuck em 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 i hate when people say weed is a gateway drug 
 dont you love when you get off work during the day so you can eat pizza  do a face mask  smoke  amp watch bobs burgers all alone saaaame
 right waste known to exist cut budgets by suspected  let depts weed it out themselves use what they get  frugally 
 yeah marijuana ruining lives right and left sarcasmfont at least marijuana ruining diets right and left. 
 i propose the buckley compromise weed will be legal  but only on your yacht  and all impressionable harvard youths 
 tried the brisket get it on the texan  durtydough or in a sandwiches today dry rubbed  slow smoked  perfection 
 i love my weed man. he coming to my wedding
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1525 east north avenue baltimore  
 lets go lay on the beach and smoke a blunt
 christian is growing weed in my terrarium
 this old man smoking weed was talking to me at the beach. what a time to be alive.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 happy weedsday yall
 snoop dogg is proof that weed is pure degeneracy
 people say pizzagate isnt true where there is smoke there is fire even if it isnt i would rather investigate and be wrong then do nothing
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 who has weed
 jeff sessions marijuana research materials. 
 failing career snoop is 45 he not worried about making albums and sht anymore he just chillin smoking weed 
 whenever i hotbox  i like to sit in the smoke and just chill. i feel like it make me higher 
 it smells like some dank weed on my floor
 first night back at the jamaican with one of my crazy ass weed man 
 so much weed w no way 2 smoke since mfs are thieves and like 2 steal bong pieces lmao
 every time i smoke i get so drunk
 its 420 smoking weed and watching amine
 half the smoke was disinformation. 
 i hate cigarette smoke.
 your main nigga smokes spliffs  get out my messagesyou cant smoke w me
 i didnt know u smoked the devils lettuce @audreysabal 
 bout to smoke this gas get my mind together in go to work 
 exploring new fabrics yoga pants out of hemp  marijuana and polyester 
 people were making great jokes about this cooler full of weed that got donated to goodwill. then ron comes along 
 @sentedcruz you also need to keep promise on term limits. up in smoke  like most politicians promises.
 i still have like 12 hours of driving and im running out of weed by the minute 
 key element of mtc weed killer a carcinogen  european agency says  bs law  logic  science  cannot prove a negative.
 @yukon57 monsanto weed killer roundup faces new doubts on safety in unsealed documents 
 its been 4 days since ive smoked and i can really feel the soberness
 this thinking comes from years of backseat smoke sessions with their homeboys about their frustrations with black w 
 ceilia was the best part of weeds. 
 supposed to be driving to work  mom why are you going back to the house to smoke a fucking blunt before we clock in  
 that turned into a rant lol let me go smoke some herb...
 house of hemp  abc newsfacebookorganic via @abcnews
 cool  relax . . model skyhighv @ smoke rise  georgia 
 ok good now do something about legalizing marijuana and get our state out of debt and help our vets schools and hom 
 white owl  honey you havent smoked the best until youve smoked this kind
 if you see a guy loitering at smokey corner of wendover amp providence  looking punchdrunk with his nose in the air  probably @andrewdunn
 cleansing smokey quartz with palo santo .   stay grounded  @ daya yoga studio 
 @berbandz miss you too  imma come smoke a blunt with you today
 saying weed is slightly less awful than heroin would be like saying my jumper is slightly less wet than kobes.
 @meckparkrec is conducting a prescribed burn today at latta plantation from 12p3pm. expect smoke in the area of sa 
 i need me a women. regular  respectful  women of god. marijuana smoker. an she cant be about this social media life shit an doing it for em
 so i bought them knowing im only gonna smoke like half of it at a time but hey it was a 1 off pack
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1829 dover street baltimore  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1900 christian st carrollton ridge  send message.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2632 pierpont street baltimore  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2400 south paca street baltimore  send messag 
 i copped a dutch too roll i havent smoke them joints since like end of december i fucked boy the jay 
 stop lying on ya fuckin weed nigga thats not cookies thats crackers
 there are black men locked up longer for marijuana bro 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy  
 i need some fucking marijuana
 when u wake up hungover then u smoke a lil weed amp ur resurrected af like we back in this thang batch 
 lady telling her younger son to never drink red bull because its so bad for you while buying her pack of smokes makes my day
 when i put up my wall of rellos whoever kome smoke with me have to sign the rello packet we smoked 
 forget smoking weed. ill just get high off of nitrogen
 i hate the smell of weed now
 @jilevin dude was a known nazi. in the 80s lapd used to celebrate 420 not do to weed but for hittler. they all went 
 @rdubzzzz i reallly dont smoke like that anymore 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 got a chick i call her lola she feel like the ocean like to drink amp smoke some doja amp i feel like smoking plus she good at charmin cobras
 @griebin holy smokes someone just lost their job
 @realdonaldtrump 100 million americans suffer some form of chronic pain 10 million need strong pain meds to bathe. medical marijuana needed
 | the smoke duck chefs plate | baltimorecultured | thanks jake |  chynothepublicist 
 im having to much fun out here in cali beautiful weed and beautiful women you cant go wrong
 a little more high in my smoke now 
 stoners without the weed are characterless people. its the truth. without it you fuckers are kinda shitty ..
 just wanna smoke amp fuck
 fbi is one of the best in the world. the rest of us can see all the smoke we hear the fbi talking. theyre going to get you  donald trump.
 ppl dont smoke pot by the pack. 
 sdpd says dam coffee shop in north park was selling marijuana illegally. 
  thatniggashyt smoking weed witcha moms 156 @bigpunofficial
 looking for the apple smoked gouda beer bread recipe i showed on @rogerstvyork free recipe e book www.onapples.c 
 i put tobacco in my weed and honey in my coffee 
 when you have a sweet but no weed 
 she say she dont smoke  but she do wit me.
 well all that weed i be smoking is bringing my weight down but that ass situation its goes to my baby 
 dont babysit the weed pass that shit  
 back home who tryna smoke
 when the smoke finally clears  perhaps someone in congress will have the balls to ask what happened. @davidcorndc
 whats happening here  is this weed 
 lmao rush hour is so funny  chris tucker acts like smokey to me in that movie hahah
 its just a weed  @ebreezzyy
 dave gone have the house smoked tf out 
 @shortbusroyalty people were all pissed off. cussed him. luckily it was only 10 blocks  but any crack smoke is too much crack smoke.
 no motivation to go out ever just to smoke lol
 females be on snap wasting weed
 today was too good zoo  movies  and went down town and smoke a bowl with a bunch of cool ass homeless people 
 ready to get off so i can smoke lol
 @jeffsessions medical marijuana got me of 10yrs of opiate use for my neuropathy chronic pain sciatica scoliosis arthritis amp it works
 i need that cali weed damn u fuckin high lol 
 like those daddies who can buy weed but can even buy they baby pampers 
 tomorrow i need to find some lit people to have a smoke session with.
 if we cant drink and smoke and talk about eachother bad exs or ugly hookups we cant be friends with your sensitive ass
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 5900 block of e burnside st  portland  or portland fire rp17000021715 0556 pdx911
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2007 west pratt street baltimore  send message.
 i  cannabis  for all your trichome sifting solutions   lasvegas pahrump 
 @6549lmartin have at it... as we weed outvthe corrupt judges and policies.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2582 w fayette st  send message. 
 roberta and crew plus a bag of old balls for paws  another bag at mp come get some @ smoke rise bath amp racquet 
 a car just about smoked the fk out of me..... this snow got to go
 plus i smoke the boof
 pretty young thang   such a lovely natural beauty  many clouds of smoke galaxyb drb 
 i dont need to wear green today i already smoked it happystpatricksday
 ohio is that a weed i am calling the police. 
 dont stress over me baby  smoke dope 
 50 sea 50 weed  actually 
 i spend all my money on food  weed and clothes 
 my boobs are getting bigger. my hairs growing like a weed. life is good
 today. im not passing my weed.
 white people always have the best weed 
 high as hell   i just smoked a pound of reef shut your mouth   i blow loud   i know i stink 
 i just wanna know shawty  do you notice me shawty you should roll with me come over and smoke with me
 @ashleyjudd just watched smoke for the first time in a while.  whewww  still no words.  thanks
 thanking god for the rainy days ... just to smoke the pain away 
 when you get off of a cruise ship  and a nice fellow selling weed says it is legal hes not a nice fellow. he is l 
 tara told me not to smoke so im gettin high
 people who dont smoke really look down on people who do  they need to hit a l or 2 amp maybe the wouldnt be so uptight 
 @fanduelpimps i been getting smoked son
 i dont drink  smoke  do drugs  and im vegan
 spent all my money on hot cheetos and weed and i dont feel bad
 i be givin out free woods when i see a stranger w a swish  like a smoked out mother theresa
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 401 n howard st  send message. 
 its literally like 90 in the office and theyre making me wear my jacket bc it has weed leaves on it wtf
 yall niggas really aint shit  who tf childish enough to shout out to my dad at public  mr brandenburg  rj has weed under his bed  go on
  original thought process rather than smokescreen swarmyness.what a shock. what a relief. usafirst
 @daisyycontreras omggg lets smoke
 so skunk spray dead ass smells like reggie weed and thats where the term skunk weed came from lol
 absinthe and weed 
 free smokepurpp 
 i dont pay for weed 
 being gay is against the bible says the person drinking illegally  smoking illegal weed daily  lying  and having sex before marriage
 found this on internet liked it as it helps explains marijuana and hemp  
 lets smoke a blunt and lay down.
 @cornfrmr @trausch6 i just do a shallow ridge under the pivot  just enough to make planting work better. also helps with weed control.
 all you need is some weed and your friends.   thats a lot worth being around than some girl.
 you stink of smoke.  ok  ill shower ... you stink of smoke. 
 @donnabrazile russia again wheres theres smoke theres fire and i cant even see through the smoke
 theres a smokes poutinerie in los angeles 
 im told 610 cars are on fire at franks auto parts. black smoke billowing over the milwaukees southside. no inju 
 hospitals be tryna set u up they be like do u smoke yea i smoke so tf what bitch
 i think its time to smoke some weed
 a smoke shop is a museum to me 
 before straight edge for life  drinking is bad  why do people smoke   after  
 i deff shoulda grabbed some more weed 
 free smoke is bland and not a good opening track
 bitch niggaz dont want no smoke wit lil tim tho facts scary ahh niggaz free
 i want to smoke a blunt in a tree
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 801999 north parrish street baltimore 
 free smoke  free smoke
 first smoke of tha mornin
 someone hang with me and smoke all day
 literally going without weed until this young man gets back 
 anybody that smokes weed looks young and old at the same time.
 lol free smoke free smoke aye free smoke free smoke
 youre only allowed to smoke 1 joint a day halfo throwback @ scarborough soccer center 
 @ginayarboro @lokifishco  they do a smoked salmon hash and its so tasty st this farmers market. fills me up until about 2pm
 first things first  gotta smoke it out  
 i think my dog ate some weed 
 whats up whats people doing today i can tell you they arent out buying weed today. its so nice out. i wanna go on a walk with someone
 im trynna have a big ass smoke party  we all match  too much  
 free smoke is what we needed
 inhaling abunch of wrap and no weed with that weak ass blunt 
 everything hurts. joints  bones  muscles  skin. visiting mom 81 suggests i smoke some weed because she heard its good for chronic pain.
 too bad i cant smoke this would have been perfect
 all day everyday  with snack ampa smoke breaks in between  
 @internetsyd smoke with us outside the venue
 seniors guide to cannabis the people  the places and the products. greenstate 
 this cant be just smoke amp no fire there is definitely something there amp we need a special prosecutor to investigat 
 we are the new amerikkkana  high on legal marijuana 
 my stomach was killkng me so i took one single bong rip and i feel 100x better so weed
 @roverradio give it up rover. this guy smoked you and you wont let go just like you attack trump for.
 home is where the mountains are.   takemeback @ smokey mountains 
 my grades is good   i aint drop tf out yet why tf cant i smoke no weed dude
 still not sure why marijuana is illegal. you cant die from smoking too much but drinking too much alcohol you can die.
 bouta get dunkin smoke then go back to sleep till work
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 free smoke ahh free smoke free smoke ahh
 free smoke so hard
 i wish i had somebody too smoke wit in the mornings
 day 5 of the month long smoke break 
 can you recommend anyone for this job reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   automotive munster  in
 literally everyone smokes in this state.
 fuck i need a lighter   i was excited to smoke this j til i realized im lighterless amp the nearest store too far just for a lighter 
 i smoked a sativa to get some work done and and indica to go to sleep.
 free smoke free smoke
 im tired of buying dry ass blunt raps from the smoke shop
 when it comes to weed  
 i wish i could opt out of the anti smoking ads on tv. i dont smoke. i never have. i dont need to see that at 723am.
 me  backwoods amp hella weed
 when @dylanharvill smokes  
 i smoke every single day amp i still manage to have as amp bs noexcuses
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 best thing i did smoke a fat one before work
 new showroom for store 1274  hempstead  ny ..increase those sales. 
 i wanna be this calm but i dont drink or smoke  how do i relaxxxxxx 
 free smoke x drake has a good beat
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 free smoke free smoke 
 tired. only have enough energy to smoke my dope and mind my business.
 @samgdf @lsukernik @iankar passionfruit is great yeah. free smoke  4422  and gyalchester too
 my hockey team won the championship yesterday celebrated with beer and champagne in the locker room. and smoked s 
 free smoke freesmoke 
 niggas will fuck your girl then smoke a blunt with you.  welcome to nyc  rats
 stank gone tell me lets go get kushy i told him i dont smoke he gone tell me next time i see you ima hit you wit my car since u lying 
 i think i need some smoke time 
 if u smoke weed thats cool but damn dont let it take over what u do daily lmao literally all this guys talks about just smoke your shit
 @cnnpolitics just a republican smokescreen. you would think that when trump goes down these guys go down too.
 call the weed man tell him bring another zip yea ik he just left he gotta make another trip
 all smoke welcomed.
 colorado congressmen vow to fight the feds should a cannabis crackdown occur.  cannabis colorado
 maybe i would hangout w u if you actually went through w the plans we make..... like bitch i got my own weed to smoke. i dont need urs.
 its time because the wh is in the weeds. 
 fuck rearranging a room takes all damn day.. yea i kno its only gonna be 130 but ive only smoked 1 joint n drank 1 cup of coffee
 ill tell somebody who dont smoke  smoke a blunt it will all get better
 idk i just find it so disrespectful you come to my house to come smoke and you leave the roach and ashes on my floor
 smokes weed once. 
 i smell like stale weed... i hope no one notices
 spicy your smoking loco weed. 
 if he cuts the epa there will be no planet for your smokescreen infrastructure media attention with that hair i bet you burn easy
 @repmikefoote please support sb 184  marijuana membership clubs  its time for a solution for social consumption in colorado
 so does everyone in bradenton sell weed now
 i cant even get passed free smoke smh
 now up  bob doyle american lung assoc. says we used to say that cigarette smokers needed a place to go.
 i need weed  food  or death rn
 the first thing my dad say to me when he got to my work was you smell like weed 
 smoked medical weed for the first time today 
 literally someone come smoke this fucking blunt with me shit man
 pussy money weed rahrah @wolfroldan 
 drizzy and weed 
 coolest smoke sesh in my closet last night w my baby and homies 
 smokin good weed with a bad bitch givin a good girl bad habbits
 free smoke free smoke
 if i ever see my daddy ima get on his ass an then smoke a blunt with his ass 
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 2000 block of n alberta st  portland  or portland fire rp17000022755 2248 pdx911
 love a good weed nap 
 do you smoke
 drake x free smoke
 free smoke free smoke   free smoke free smoke ..
 come thru to pick up that fire and get your late night smoke on with us before we close its420somewhere
 yall ever taste some terrible weed amp it turned you off from the whole session yeah i had that experience before 
 free smoke
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 if i lost my hips lmaooo id be built like that old school auntie that smoke newports amp wore stunna shades amp baby phat.
 finna smoke tho 
 i need a ride to get some weed ill smoke you out
 we deserve a smoke break
 @jakekilroy the black smoke is the bellhop
 im just ready to go home and smoke and sleep
 i need some weed
 i rolled a bunch of weed for this. yes yes
 free smoke amp summer sixteen are two of the most interchangeable songs ive ever heard. i still like both tho.
 ive stopped smoking weed for about 5 months now  and i plan on keeping it that way.
 @gh3zie free smoke
 rollin big smoke
 texas will never make it legal seeing as though racism towards mexicans is the reason weed is illegal in the first 
 we want all the smoke..
 @joxn alder smoked. close
 its a mission trynna smoke a blunt while your sleeping over an aunts house
 i wouldnt make that nigga part of anything i did lmao he has nothing to offer but weed and compliments.
 got hooked up with some free weed today at work unexpectedly by a vendor grateful medicated
 doctors answer please is weed and or medical marijuana bad for asthma
 any marijuana connects up
 smoke a little weed
 i cant fw you loud ass annoying cunts. smoke some reefer n calm tf down man
 just smoke a fat ass bowl or joint  
 @juztleanwidddit satan  weed  remy boys. next lol
 come smoke and drink beers with me
 celibate... no wood  no weed  fasting
 @davechappelle your the real goat  just watched episode 1 and i cant stop laughing  also kudos you dont smoke cigs on stage anymore
 we want all the smoke
 i swore my momma i would never smoke weed again. gotta keep my word 
 weed firm replanted. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 vintage hemp ethnic textile decorative throw pillow case.   .  get your 
 i love smoke but i cant stand the bitch 
 goodmorning hempstead today is the day to vote row b and finally make don ryan mayor 
 kellyanne conway thinks that where there there is smoke theres fire. bold stance in this administration. 
 smokin weed so pointless now its jus a temporary high.
 ill break down your weed sometime 
 coffee and smokes with @hisqueen1981
 why cant i sleep wtf i need weed
 it wouldnt be easter with out family dinner and a ham on the table  we have our double smoked  
 @realdonaldtrump kliton and boomer were in knee deep with russia. no one uttered a word. its smoke and mirrors for the dems
 this bus smells like straight weed 
 yet @martywalsh preferred to keep marijuana illegal and have those funds go to the cartels. sad 
 the hammock didnt do a very successful controlled burn and i know this because my house is full of smoke and i cant breathe
 leaving the casino smelling like smoke 
 i love weed 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 south hempstead ny tue mar 21st am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 youve been selling weed nigga  you aint a plug nigga 
 free smoke free smoke 
 im dying i found a smoke shop called canna culture
 drake x free smoke 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1814 maryland ave  send message. 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation columbus  ga
 my coworker said florida needs to go ahead legalize weed so he can stop ducking and dodging 12
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 congratulations smoke 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 jgny1 made this smoked  then grilled lamb heart with pickled carrots  grilled carrots  raw 
 msnbcs @chrislhayes recalls bringing weed to a 2000 convention he attended whis future fatherinlaw @andyshawbga 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @rylandbabylove let me properly introduce myself. smokeydead on mfc. found my home in your room a few nights ago.
 @socialmktgfella what if we treated alcohol families the way we treat cannabis families imagine how busy child protective services would be
 i think my top 5 tracks on more life are free smoke  passionfruit  blem  portland  and sacrifices
 and after youre done u get a nice lil weed jar this is really a win win for a 1 
 you blew me away with 300 followers we are now at 500  you guys are showing your support for family cannabis users thank you so much
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation henning  tn job
  should of stopped and got a rello. but i figured i wasnt gone wanna smoke 
 all the weed smoke bussin my lungs im the whip wit a 8 bottle only trusting my gun 
 guess im on weed and wine tonight
 aint nothing like smokin weed in the morning
 free online education register for green flower media live understanding cannabis products with nurse heather.  
 whatll it be  now mr mole  whisper sloth in curls of smoke take a backseat or play pharaoh dance with me and shake your bones
 because i clearly had a fucking appointment . and then the bitch thats going to observe me smokes a cigarette before coming into my car so
 reasons denver rocks sunshine  legal weed  craft beer amp @uber delivers puppies uberpuppies  traveltuesday
 in the supreme court of appeal it is ordered that it is a criminal offense to use marijuana against citizens in any prosecution action.usa.
 filming for our documentary about prescription drug abuse. marijuana is a healthier alternative 
 i just need good weed and me time.
 aint smoked alll day not even a wake and bake and i feel amazingggf
 i really dont see myself having a problem with my kids smoking weed  they just gotta be 18
 why has jalin turned me into a smoker 
 milwaukee weed man be un consistent with loud 
 been waiting to smoke this blunt all mfn day.
 glad @kwanzahall is working on legislation to decriminalize marijuana possession in atl. saves money amp is important step in justice reform.
 you watch a show called weeds 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 @themattbowers who smokes the blunts we smoke the blunts
 420 weekend gon be lit. starting off with smokers club. then coachella 
 to do my hair or roll up to smoke 
 i wont ever quit weed but i sure as hell need to relax on alcohol 
 so now my friend not chilling amp i got no weed
 i just wanna chill drink smoke fuck 
 you know what im about to say it. i dont care how much weed you smoke 
 summer is filled with tattoos  smoke sessions amp lotsssss of laughs 
 1. nothings into somethings.. 2 free smoke 3 ice melts
 egg custard  smoked sabayon  and caviar from single thread @stfarms @kyleconnaughton @ 
 @devito @billratchet haha dude weed
 free smoke  acgtoycg 5alive @ acorn place 
 leslie is the only girl i know who smokes and immediately wants attention and to cuddle like girl bye
 all i do is smoke and try to come up
 retired the smoke life tho  aint wit it  unless im really stressed
 missing the devil horns and the smoke coming out of the ears. gotta be extra or it aint worth it. 
 wish i could smoke some weed before bed to stop myself from dreaming all together but nooooooo
 everything is grey. his hair  his smoke  his dreams. and now hes so devoid of color. ripped at every edge. but youre a masterpiece.
 im only on twitter like this because this marijuana withdrawal is kicking my ass and i need a semi healthy distrac 
 so my homeboy hit me to smoke an kickit an then never hit me back 
 find somebody to smoke wit and then go to work 
 if you want smoke ... its free and you can get it all bitch. now you know where i be and u want to talk then talk to me
 on the infrequent occasion i watch a show  when i smoke sumn  the show invariably gets way weirder.
 my smoke sack better than urs 
 couldnt wait to get home amp smoke a blunt 
 really wanna lay up and watch netflix and smoke some blunts rn
 cuz i could smoke rn lol
 if i dont smoke a blunt before i lay down. i cant sleep. dis nuts 
 smoking cigarettes isnt cute... ok bitch so dont smoke them lmao
 montreal smoked meat poutine foodporn foodpic foodphotography instagramfood delicious yum 
 asi lo hacemos xclusivetuesdays caobanyc each and every tuesdays ladies open bar amp smoke 
 i need some gars dutches honey fusion il smoke a blunt bring 3pks
 one of you lil whores smoke me out
 one of you lil whores smoke me out
 50 sea  50 weed
 @xanngel u blowing smoke 
 just tryna smoke w my girlz tbh
 5 and ill smoke you out
 all the girls out here hit the weed
 1 do not disturb 2 lose you 3 cant have everything 4 sacrifices  5 free smoke
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 @spaceyacht whoever is playing tonight fucking sucks and probably smokes meth. can i get a refund
 always smoked out so shit could be deceiving be careful who you trust
 the smoke after the exhale smells hella sour
 im in leavenworth with my friends. enjoying the weed  food  wine and good company. spend money while im gone please. leavenworths pricey
 i got kitkat in my bed and on me then i had brownie wrapper and my weed under my bed like wtf 
 cant even smoke because i aint got no blunt 
 i need to smoke
 sometimes..... you could be the reason why i smoke weed too much
 lit day with da homie btl86 beautiful hemp blunt smoke da herb all day every day tgod 
 i wanna smoke 
 this drake album bangs tho..got a lil of everything.. relevant and relatable  and lots of passive aggressive revenge songs to smoke a 3.5 to
 free smoke  drake
 i dont even smoke backwoods im rolling up as we speak 
 free smoke free smoke
 a major fire in a rockland factory building generated a smoke plume so large it was being captured by weather radar 
 slow smoked center cut pork chops. currently 4.99 per lbs  butchelife  porkchops  meatmarket  clevelandbutcher 
 mfs see you smoke and think you a loser
 see our latest middleburgheights  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 i drink good  but i smoke better
 woody harrelson quit what happens to your body after a stoner quits smoking weed  via @usatoday thankyou
 @ayyeitsdesi im dead u n me still gotta smoke   when im off probation tho lol
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 everybody talking free smoke and im like blemgtgtgtgt
 day three whole30 breakfast scrambled eggs with chipped hickory smoked pork belly  cantaloup  
 free smoke free smoke
 meet daniel. he is our faithful smoker who works tirelessly for us day after day. wednesday is 
 wake up and smoke good 
 where theres smoke  theres fire 
 i needed to quit smoking anyway. its been like a month since i last smoked soooo um namjoon hmu 
 found this little guy in hempstead  tx alwayslooking smalltown charming pink houstonblogger 
 just because drake dropped free smoke  dont act like yall been on hiatus kaiyote. dont be out here misrepresenting my favorite band lol
 free smoke freee smoke 
 free smoke free smoke
 i think id like to smoke my own weight in weed
 10 obo im just trynna smoke bro 
 i told him have u heard of haight street go buy weed there
 @mrod79 @daosorio @jcaporoso the smokescreen is they like watson better
 gastonia rays smokehouse here talking about the burgerbracket its the search for ncs best burger. vote on 
 crazy how i see smokers out on vigorous walks for exercise while smoking a cigarette  that is just the biggest epic fail 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 4120 audrey ave  yard full of bulk. 
 either the winds shifted on the collier county fire  or something else is on fire  because the commute this morning was real dang smokey.
 class ended at 7 and then i headed home for a shower and got ready for work. got to work 30 minutes early so i smoked some ganja in the car
 was too close my mom smelled weed n went looking in my bad
 all the ls i took i smoked em
 why do people smoke cigarette on snapchat lol get them nasty shits outta here
 to this straight up smoke show that taught me everything i know  has one of the kindest hearts 
 stephen colbert tries to understand jeff sessions insane views on weed  via @esquire
 i jsut remembered that i finally get to see @tnaf next weekend and i am actually about to combust into a cloud of smoke
 my mom says alcohol and weed are equivalent............ i cant take the ignorance like for real dude you cant think that.
 talking about glaucoma me you get medical marijuana for it.  professor rodgers yeah  you get to tok up.
 tipsfordatingmyex bring lots of cigarettes. bring lots of doritos. bring lots of weed. note three different exes.
 i smoke so much  cant even open up my eyes  
 so is it possible to trip on weed  @evansolberg
 i dont argue no more or spazz out no more . i blow smoke .
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 503 arsan ave  mattresse dumped in 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 514 maude ave  mattresses dumped i 
 im bouta get right back on my crazy obsessive workaholic shit... ill save more money and smoke less lol
 i feel like everybody should just get together and smoke a blunt peacemaker 
 cloud 9 smoking like smokey the bear
 all i ever want to do is lay in my bed   smoke   eat amp sleep all day .
 im sick of my plug. i still havent smoked the white gold amp he just text me a new list. amp i want 3 of 4.
 im sorry. but weed is not a drug  so stop acting like it is.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 868 west lombard street baltimore  send message.
 finna smoke before work
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
  seima is japanese hemp fiber which is used for a purification ceremony and festival of 
 when i lose some weed im inconsiderate but when i make you food and do little shit for you it dont matter ok
 something about this miami weed boyyyy 
 gotta smoke weed to get the day started.
 you can still die from it regardless. plus weed makes you hungry. not thirsty. they are more likely to eat more tha 
 ima stoner chick  amp from one to another .. i love bitches tht smoke weed especially if they bad bitches who steady rolling amp smoking
 why in the world would i smoke an american spirit baby blue pack
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 11441198 west pratt street baltimore  send message.
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 is funny how in my drug class the instructor cant give a clear answer as to why we should stop smoking weed and why its illegal lol
 i was heartbroken when zac efron amp vanessa hudgens broke up that was the end of the world thats when i started smoking weed.. ok
 fuck i wanna smoke so badly.
 yeah not like every msu player smokes weed at the pointe or anything 
 free smoke free smoke 
 @iftwixhadamons see my fav drake verse was on free smokedo not disturb
 smoke weed everyday 
 still cant believe i only weigh 88 pounds. low key proud of myself for not gaining a shitload of weight smoking weed in hs 
 hse final action on sb 51  includes narrow medicinal hemp oil cannabinoid provision. passes 1176. ksleg
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation enon  oh job
 exactly they wanna smoke every hour like na fam 
 i wanna smoke a blunt w @l1ldebbie sooo bad 
 diet rich in antioxidants may reduce lung cancer risk in smokers and nonsmokers  via @curemagazine
 one big thing opponents of marijuana warned about is not happening  via @denverpost
 cop just searched the car cause it smelled like weed aint even smoked today tf 
 i smoke so i dont have to think about how much i really do miss you.....
 @xokaylynn once he commented on my snapchat pic and was like you gotta be my girlfriend after this im just like i just want your weed 
 woke up to realize i dont have anything to smoke
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 would you smoke crack for 10 million  
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation chillicothe  oh
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 new song out now x @lofty305  lofty 305  get it awff prod. by dj smokey link  
 @pudgeo87 ima hit you when i touchdown in june. have that smoke on deck phew
 go on youtube and type in  a rabbi a priest and a gay atheist smoke weed together
 our professor just asked my friend if she smoked while on vacation im crying
 no i need to smoke this blunt and forget  
 probably should have got ready then smoked ... bc 
 my clothes still smell like weed when they come out of the dryer in the best way possible
 nunes release of wiretapping seems like an awfully good smokescreen for the manafort story from this morning. just sayin
 when she ask if i smoke weed and i say nah. and she go good i dont like niggas who smoke weed whole time im smoking crack gtgtgtgtgt
 @isaacdeike iowa is legalizing fireworks and california just legalized weed. hmmm
 hate when kristi if filling out doctor questionnaires for me and she says do you smoke like dont you know how tacky that is
 court went better than expected now its time to smoke this blunt 
 remember when i used to talkgive shit about people who smoke weed............. ....... imma start that again caus 
 all weed clothing merchandise to me is corny and im a stoner 
 if i smoke this blunt im gon forget bout you girl..
 i need some ducking bud man i havent smoked in days
 lets cruise around town and smoke....
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at elm ave  send message. 
 bernies starting a revolution. i love a good revolution. i might even love it more than marijuana. dad
 @cnn sp @devinnunes has nothing just smoke to blow up the us and fake it for tantrump
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2724 east chase street baltimore  send messag 
 came home to find someone ate my edibles off of the counter... now not only am i out of weed  but i have to take care of a super stoned dog
 light please  nice smoke.  drinking a smoked brown porter by @millworkshbg @ the man shed   
 love love love free smoke  but tuscan leather was a 6 minute snap job with 3 beat changes
 you know you go to app when the aroma of weed comes in through your 6th floor window
 gonna smoke  
 ran out of weed today amp didnt have enough time to hit the shop so i asked my boss for a gram  lol
 @lizzylovebabyy no one smoked a cigarette lizzy
 i need to fucking smoke before i lose my shit
 i want to smoke with every1 so bad but i cant at the moment 
 i smoked smoked some endo and sipped some gin and juice. pasttensesongs @midnight
 future smoked good dope
 @eeesock @olea2kassandra we gotta smoke crack guys yolo
 met ryan seacrest and his smoke of a girlfriend nbd but kbd
 in motor city right by the water  smoke one time  
 when yo cousin starts getting turnt after you get knocked up  smoke a blunt for me boo @sarahibrianna
 why is the weed man trying to get me
 im crying who is she im tryna smoke a b with this hoe  
 i couldnt get my legal weed bcus you need a fucking california id 
 that feeling when youre drunk and you think its a good idea to over smoke lt
 sad amp angry all at once  dont even know if i wanna smoke rn
 bout to eat some pizza rolls. then smoke this blunt
 duck leg confit croquet  cherry smoked duck breast  duckampfig 
 bruh. i may have paused this movie to smoke  but its  still. happening.  lol
 someone lmk how abby just slept theought the smoke alarm bc i wanna be in a sleep that good
 i really need like 2 grams rn but nobody got no smoke 
 free smoke free smoke  
 mfs smoke themselves to the point of stupid sometimes...chill..reflect
 guess ima smoke two blunts to the head
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 i just smoked a cig and got cancer
 cleared construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road
 who got that smoke this aint smokin this shit gross
 noah bought me smokepurpp amp lil pump tickets im sooo stoked cant wait @noahruiz27
 sugar daddies hate when you smoke weed 
 half of madera smokers 
 i cant wait to smoke a blunt after work
 i just wanna get bands and smokeeee dopeee
 bout to smoke and chill in the hammock while it rains 
 dc mayor some trash man only thing saving her is passing that weed bill
 @hottwingsbaby extremely runny nose bad cough but i smoke so idk if its that
 my life goal as a young smoker is to to one day be able to smoke a whole cigarette in one drag
 visit mad dog smoke shop today for a wide variety of smoke accessories. damnsoldhere 
 one more 4am false alarm amp im ripping all these smoke detectors off the ceiling this house is an electrical nightmare
 since my boyfriend has gone to bed i have finished 2 movies taken a bath smoked a joint read some manga and tweeted some hogwash
 honestly smoking weed has helped me realize what most matters in life and what friendships are genuine and which arent
 i would smoke a blunt but no gars 
 @sylviethekitty @michaelpallante let us all smoke the reefer we shall bongify ourselves into the stratosphere of a distant planet
 @jamesxanton @joshthomasphoto come smoke weed with me nerd
 i love weed
 callin your what your pot ritual is  or was  if you recall 18777642535. well see if this helps or hinders the rec weed cause. pot
 im really going to miami with my cousins to go to rolling loud amp smoke for 4 straight days  cant wait to make mad irresponsible decisions
 lmao i be coughing the whole smoke sesh
 throw back to my prom days holy smokes  
 free smoke to start the day off.
 a big thing marijuana opponents warned you about is definitely not happening 
 a better state of susi cuz i actual may have found a me n the numbers i wrote n envisioned weed was love i so desperately needed  another me
 my team has a veganic line of cannabis we grow veganorganically grown and we finally have it dialed in. this batch is fire
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 why would i smoke before school  im about to be knocked tf out
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 get stoned without weed 
 handed my passport to the dmv employee and there were crumbs of weed in the crevices of the pages  stunning life
 free smoke  free smoke.
 spending money  poppin hella bottles makin niggas mad. going places rolling weed i live the life  you wish you had 
 i wanna smoke to teenage fever
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 4134 eierman avenue baltimore  di 
 the new drake shit is so garbage i tried so hard to listen i couldnt make it past free smoke
 listening to late reg. again.  my ballsack kanye has been addicted to weed.
 like if yo mans get booked with a lil weed  a couple pills. yea by all means say free yo mans
 i feel like people who smoke cigarettes have interesting lives...
 i only came to school today cuz i ran out of weed this morning lol
 @potus  i hate to be a thorn in your side  but the republicans view on marijuana is outdated amp propaganda. @usagsessions needs to educategtgt
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hazard  ky job
 i wish i could see more people talk about music  art  and nature instead of weed  alcohol  and relationship troubles .
 @stephenasmith got that good weed from @snoopdogg or something lol firsttake espnfirsttake
 moss beach smokestacks itty bitty lifeinmarina @ fort ord dunes state park 
 never smoke what these cules smoke. 12m. lmao 
 alright  ill say it. smoke breaks should be a privilege not a right. technically no you do not have to go smoke
 professorwhats a decision yall regret studentsmoking professori regret smoking cigarettes too studentnah im talking about weed son
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 finding some of my friends smoking uon the block while im walking and smoking to my others friends to smoke up lmao
 chief ball wants to know if you checked your batteries in your smoke detectors  he has some that he wants to give delhi residents if needed.
 that weed shop off slauson man..
 current weather in kendale lakes smoke  80f 54 humidity  wind 19mph  pressure 1023mb
 current weather in the hammocks smoke  81f 51 humidity  wind 10mph  pressure 1022mb
 more smoke  mirrors and lies 
 id eat her and smoke that 
 @rmiriam @andrewberkshire must have seen that huge plume of smoke a couple dozen times that day at least.
 the radio about to playing free smoke 30 times a day
 @hunique23 word up i dont smoke anymore
 idoma gods ontop igala what did you smoke please 
 my monthly maintenance is literally like... buy weed  get nails done  necessities. thats it.
 @tristanince13 and marijuana and jalapeos are my two favorite things
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 why does it smell like weed on the first floor of cramer right now lol
 since sumer dont smoke no more  do know if were going to link any time soon 
 me and my brutha bouta smoke a backwood or two..fuck all that
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @smashola fulla that weed lol
 the weed bowl 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1112 west lafayette avenue baltimore  send me 
 how do you become 27 and not know what weed looks like
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli
 damn girl you be snapping until you finish the blunt  we get it.. you smoke weed..
 if yall anit done this shit then yall dont smoke  
 this shitty part about traveling to a different city every week is having to find weed. 
 this meal from swiftsattic looks absolutely delicious  braised goat  ricotta gnocchi  smoked 
 i am so bored  and home alone. someone come and smoke with me
 after work im just gonna smoke a blunt and watch the sweet 16
 we getting smokey 
 @mguhl53 mr. galvin  have you ever used a ouija board mr. galvin weed yeah ive done weed before
 see our latest raleigh  nc job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 my biggest fear about the airport is forgetting i got weed in one of my bags and getting locked up by tsa.
 girls make me wanna smoke cigarettes all day.
 im just tryna smoke a blunt with my boo
 good weed amp drank 
 i really wish i had some weed to smoke here though
 and now you see why you shouldnt legalize marijuana 
 i really just want to go home and smoke
 uh... how about mixing marijuana and driving is a bad idea do not do. i think wed all be good with that too. 
 sandwichoftheday smoked meatloaf  spicy bbq  cheddar  arugula  tomato bacon on a pretzel roll.
 im always gonna smoke if you got a problem with that you aint the one for me
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 please put up a peace sign if you smoke a piece of mine and find a piece of mind 
 id rather be smoking weed...
 cali weedweatherfunlandscapesviews gtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgt cali people
 started hailing on dad while he was putting on smoke 
 gas what i smoke niggaaa 
 i have a neighbor who grows nothing but weed amp another who grows nothing but weeds. guess which is the bigger nuisance.
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 i was offered weed and cocaine at least five times a day in miami.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1022 north monroe street baltimore  
 never ask me for weed cause i never got it.
 i stay away from hard drugs  so whenever im going through something and the weed aint doing it for me  i result to major changes.
 ceo uses snowflake test to weed out whiny  unproductive job applicants  
 if i aint smoke i wonder what i would do with my free time lmao
 dont ask me to match  smoke by myself
 @realdonaldtrump your tweet convinces me that there is fire to go with the smoke. makerussiagreatagain
 our hotel smelled like weed the whole trip so i kept walking around saying caughing on that lound
 walked in some dudes smoking weed on the stairs they asked if i wanted to join them but i was just trying to get to class 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 fuck anybody who high right now or smoke today fr
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @politico every day donald comes up with some lie or smokescreen to cover lie.isay enough show us your taxes and gives us proof of wiretaps
 so to commercial actors that show up to auditions reeking of weed.
 free smoke free smoke
 flavored cigars for reggie smokers
 i love smoking weed
 getting in the weeds with the capabilities of watson at monage @ibmwatson @ericandersen 
 @kentonjackson damn bro i gotta stop smoking weed i feel mad stupid i thought that tweet was dissing kendrick at first 
 i hate ppl who think weed is a drug like cus last i check it was a plant that has multiple uses and smoking just ends up being 1 of them
 ik its hard to believe but there is a decent chance of every cent i make today going to my weed fund
 @kentonjackson free smoke is the only song i listen to and even that song is corny as all hell
 soft  straight and sleek lob | shadow roots  dimensional smoke sand iced beige balayage melt 
 a friend in needs a friend in deed a friend with weed is better. @placebo  puremorning  pleasant evening for me  fb
 i smoked  she whipped my ass 
 jeff sessions is malicious toward all pot smokers hes malicious toward all pot smokers
 anyone wanna come over and smoke ourselves stupid and watch cartoons after my shift
  @stonerroyalty smoked some monster cookies amp im feeling it  
 bout to smoke this blunt 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 each time i hear about a good person getting arrested for weed it makes me so sad.
 and every time i smoke you are what i think of
 i cried all day about not having no weed...well now i do amp this blunt has been rolled for 15min..yet im here  pothead
 i really dont text no one im such a loner all i do is watch anime get drunk n smoke by myself
 someone bring me something to roll this weed in amp ill let you hit it once
 i would never smoke some banana backwoods. that just sounds vomitus.
 oh yeah i only smoke organic vegan hemp wraps now.
 free smoke free smoke aye 
 i dont pay for weed  ass hoes 
 look at me posin hella cute wit a blunt i dont smoke dont tho bitches and photographer marvin duh 
 i have to eatbe full before i smoke.
 body made of drugs  might as well just smoke me
 well fuck then kick it smoke weed for a minute
 i love my neighbors i come home after a long trip in mexico to have two lemons and a quarter of weed tied to my door knob
 mark whalberb is a smoke bomb
 if you the homie u liable to leave my crib wit some free blunts lol its all type of weed over here thatll never get touched
 idc because yall that smoke like every damn day lowkey be killing your brain like i get its fun sometimes but..... 
 i slippers ive ever had in my life because someone once texted me at 1am to come smoke a blunt in the muddy woods amp i wasnt changin
 if you sellin shouldnt your phone always b on loud and next to you niggas like to smoke at night js
 life short smoke a port
 the weed had me so paranoid earlier. im really finna stop smoking that shit
 last time i talk to a fuckboy for 2 months  go outta my way to go see him  smoke him out amp let him touch my boobies again. wasted time 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 overslept now all the weedmans gone 
 @christian13114 i havent smoked since that one time together 
 drink this energy drink idky at 222am smoke my dope and call it a night
 yo i smoked wit dis girl yo amp she hit that bitch three times amp tapped. then she had me listening to ja rule amp nelly. blew my high.
 i was just tryna smoke but i give up 
 altogether i damn near spent 400 dollars just on weed this semester
 i havent smoked in years but now i wanna eat everything amp i have cookies too 
 i only smoke people up if they smoke me up... i only buy food for people who buy me food. lmao isnt that how its suppose to go
 i honestly need more friends that smoke weed 
 when u move home from college u start smoking weed with ur mom
 white n weed too
 241am and hungry. whats open at this time to eat. i got the munchies and i dont even smoke
 getting asked to smoke meth with @whitephial by a homeless miss like 
 @rashaepete sugar and high fat food give off the same type of dopamine releases as hard drugs. ajs second hand smoke has only been shown..
 @rashaepete to effect those living with an everyday indoor smoker. my point is the government shouldnt have the right to do this
 dont ever ask me for relationship advice because ill probably just tell you to move on  focus on yourself  and smoke a blunt lmao
 i remember when i got to smoke my first backwood with @xavierwulf  nicely rolled by him too 
 good weed  white wine
 im a critical thinker im a hell of a smoker and a bit of a drinker
 i want a girl friend  one who smokes as much as me and can actually hangout 
 good work. time to smoke.
 @okillemjosh smoke soon
 the viva cannabis team  will be at all 3 herbery stores  today  4pm7pm they are releasing 
 almost smoked a trash pander on the way home
 who selling weed
 yo aliens invented weed and i pushed too many carts today
 @gencyclopediax yeah but its like if i cant smoke loud i dont even wanna smoke  lmao
  she smoke mid 
 psa  using thoughts and behaviors both proven to help quit smoking  disliking tobacco industry works longterm  family doesnt smoke is 
 @tngpelotero drake dont want it with kendrick just accept it. drake can and will get smoked by kendrick
 hes gonna have to smoke me out before i graduate. has to.
 became a heavy smoker but how many blunts i done smoke the pain still here 
 sex gets me high so i smoke a bowl after and get real toasty
 anybody up right now wanna smoke a zip and just vibe out to more life 
 @brokeassstuart bahahaha theyll blow their cigar smoke in your face. 
 anyone still awake and wanting to smoke mary jane provided of course. 
 omg so much weed and wine. my teeth are purplee
 bruh  come home and smoked. imma sleep well
 @piecrust33 ...thing i learned is that a lot of the people for it are only thinking of themselves.  my dad smoked  and i hated second...
 @piecrust33 ...hand smoke.  stuff like that.  i was around it when young  too.  i dont smoke  but im thinking of those who do.
 let me smoke cause 
 somebody smoke lol
 smokin hella weed while we watchin hentai
 i used to like fidlar whyd you stop i stopped smoking weed
 waiting for a someone man enough to outsmoke me. any of you toys up for a smoke off 420 
 so everyone wanted to smoke me out when i got home but once i was home nobody hit me up. a bunch of fakes smh
 friyay fried chicken blt fried chicken tenders  applewood smoked bacon  red leaf 
 @chuck1496 @abby24 @shepherdsdaily this isnt smokey
 when your mom wakes you up with tickets to the smokers clubgtgtgt
 @dustingouker exactly. same with anything really. prostitution  cannabis  and on and on.
 happy birthday @jewellllss222 im so happy alyssa has a friend like you have a good day pretty smoke all the woods in the world 
 picked up 2 grams pink cookies  8th of cherry pie  2 grams of cheese quake and 3 grams of gsc for 45 bucks. fuck a weed man
 after falling through a ceiling i managed to make it back to my locker to nab my weed amp the bag phone on which im 
 i hate when im copping from a new plug amp he talking about watchu bouta get into  can i smoke with you no just give me my weed pls
 accidentally brought my weed to my place of employment with me i just cant believe i fuck up this hard sometimes
 whenever im loaded with weed  i have the urge to smoke it all in one session
 aim that smoke at me so i could aim that same cigarette straight into your eyeball
 my sister told me that my mom knows i smoke 
 @rrmgop holy smokes. youre insane.
 420 bigbabygucci x 1500 x @gvbakery818 smoke and art show in la
 bouta eat then smoke
 if you smoke like i smoke then youre high like every day
 free smoke free smoke
 when your in a drive thru line and the person in the car in front of you blows cigarette smoke in your face... not great.
 we can never run outta weed or money
 @markmontieth simmons actually links to your 1on1 with him  referencing how he would smoke cigarettes at halftime 
 @queennnataliee dont smoke for 24 hours and u usually pass. otherwise ur probs fucced
 if i roll a oz joint  whos trying to throw down and smoke that bitch
 my favorite person to smoke with is my sister hands downnnnn
 i hate smoke breath 
 all us nonbelievers should get together on easter and smoke tons of refer
 are we do here is smoke and get high. i love this life i chose and wouldnt change it  yeah im that guy
 where theres smoke  theres mirrors
 @smokeaphillytub nothinn just smoked you know the regular. you mr let me ignore ya ft acting fake brand new.
 if i go down in flames the smoke gonna spell my name
 think i might have just smoked my last cig for good.... well see where im at in two hours tho lol
 got my weed 
 free smoke free smoke 
  especially you bitch ass pv and hempstead niggas
 im at docs commerce smokehouse  @docscommercebbq in milwaukee  wi  
 @sciencebeta cannabis may do the same thing so ill have some with my coffee.
 talm bout this the shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin weather yall irritating
 lmao   at the salon .. they wanted weed last night you wanna be sleep and shit 
 i just smoked a blunt wit your boyfriend 
 drinkin water  smokin weed.
 im trying to smoke and then head over to the con so i can reg 
 drinking a phantasmas spicy ipa by @3dbrewing @ the smokehouse barbecue and brews   photo
 amp for you who all think all i do is smoke... thats true too but im active amp productive worry bout ya self.
 analysis | a pharma co spent 500k trying to keep pot illegal just got dea approval addictive synthetic marijuana   
 @washingtonpost synthetic marijuana is closer to meth than marijuana  look up spice ukspiceaddicts
 i would kill for a blunt with cali weed rn like i dont even like blunts but im having withdrawals
 congratulations to liberty station american tavern and smokehouse on your recent opening and ribbon cutting. 
 @ingrahamangle @realdonaldtrump @hillaryclinton your opinion is getting pathetic we are just people trying to pay bills youre blowing smoke
 but why does kellys 20 year old sister go out of her way to tell my parents i smoked a rillo
 so my moma still dont know necessarily know i smoke but she keep asking me lmao like 
 @youngnino215 never heard somebody consider weed a drug  i been cam to the conclusion its a gateway drug
 bro quavo smoked that portland.
 just smoke a bowl 
 the smoke detector knows the perfect amount of time to wait between chirps to make each one a horrible surprise.  
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 check out puss and weed 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 11001104 north bond street baltimore  send m 
 the 7 steps to a beef n cheese used @rockinrubs steak mojo rub. smoked the beef round to 126 
 @darkshadowzer0 which i dont understand. they listen to seem  but see cigs will kill you. fuck it  lets smoke... smh
 rip @avocigars may you play music   amp smoke cigars with the angles tonight myheartbreaks
 ha. oh well. i was tagging the wrong good one smokers @goodonesmoker @chefsteps @meathead oops.
 the white children are getting high off of trash smoke....get it right 
 snooze delmar became landscape experts at snooze hill they pulled weeds and planted succulents. we love our commu 
 if its lunch in  it must be poutine at smokes 
 inhale the smoke bitch
 women weed n weather
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 i do not care what anybody says  king kendrick is the best rapper in the 2010s. he smokes all completion  
 see smoke from a crematorium in @lakeworthpbc lakeworth  what you need to know amp who to callhttpst.coylzkncvxof @healthyfla pbc
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1628 thames street baltimore  
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation aiken  sc job
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 837 washington blvd  . 
 free smoke
 holy smokey 1 007 subscribers on my youtube channel finally hit that 1k point baby this is 
 bro im just tryna smoke before work but my plug went mia like wtfffffff
 smoking weed doesnt help anymore
 my hobbies include drinkin  smokin weed  and all kinds of ill shit 
 when your weedies gets a photo shoot and you dont 
 lol niggas be tryna smoke out they sack then taxed other ppl
 see our latest gastonia  nc job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 my mom is so cute. she tags me in weed related stuff all the time. shes great.
 just  want a girl who smokes as much as me and will be a lowkey alcoholic with me  until the end of time
 free smoke
 the rest of the song drake sampled on free smoke is so 
 @foxnews @tuckercarlson this is why i love tucker get em tuck do what you do best. weed out these idiots amp expose them for what they are.
 take the good with the bad and focus more on the good until the bad eventually weeds itself out
 treating myself with weed lt3
 my uncle jim just said he has herbspalsey... he gets sick when runs outta weed
 i wanna blow smoke
 yallah ask me shit while i smoke my hookah 
 why does smokepurpp running make me laugh 
 halfway down the road with 6 new friends amp i randomly break the silence with  sooo yall smoke bud my whole car got lit  real quick.
 first day smoke and dab 
 ive never seen a dab hit someone like that. im scared to smoke them again.
 i showed up for this guys 21st birthday and my mom told him to smoke me out  gooooood shit 
 free smoke  free smoke  aye.
 anyone tryna smoke after bars
 mannnnn i wanna smoke 
 why go out when you can sit at home and eat smoked salmon and cheese instead not a fan of the bar scene in my old ave
 so this redneck just gave me a rant on why smoking weed is bad... in a church parking lot.
 a picture demonstrating how smoke is particulate matter suspended in air. 
 walked out of the pub to see a shit load of smoke in the air  but nothing on fire  and it smelled like apples  fuckin vapers.
 but see im the type to smoke a fat blunt   take a shot amp forget alllllllll about you . 
 my fingers always smell like weed
 i wish someone loved me the way adam loves weed
 so i just ate my first edible and it tasted like weed and perfume. no hint of brownie.
 i wish i had some weed
 free smoke
 who wanna smoke weed wit mu amp save him from depression 
 i can tell wen somebody smoked out they lips b dull n black af
 my dad is too drunk to smoke a cigarette. thats how my night is going 
 facetime me while i smoke this joint
 free smoke season
 denise is cleaning her bong because shes going to smoke us out as soon as we get to her place goals
 maybe its the weed talking but i feel like whoever came up w the term the devils lettuce didnt have a very good grasp on what lettuce is.
 i want to smoke but got nothing to smoke out of 
 time to smoke and knock tf out.
 i thought it was normal that my grandma smokes and even grows weed in her house but none of my friends grandma is like that lmao 
 bring cigarettes and smoke tequila
 this guy at this mica party just gave me his extra weed for free and i am like hello world
 vuelva srrrrrrrrrr @gastonsotod @flipdiao @ green street smoked meats 
 bitch gone have to smoke me  imma be buried with it covered up  dumb bitch .
 drama sells but me sitting in a cage the whole time is pretty boring. but having bitches over as creative fuel while i smoke my weed better
 so the bad thing about hanging out with smokers is the smoke. all clothes into the hamper. the good thing is  i no longer crave a cigarette.
 i go maybe 240 and if shes a smoke show i go ah 210
 i hi key wanna smoke ......
 i smoked three times today  i dont even eat three times a day  smh
 it really dont take that long to smoke two blunts 
 i smoked indica all day and i still feel it  wtf
 so  now that all the smokes cleared  its you amp me kid you know i miss you alot. youre better than i deserve. i love you girl  
 out lift driver is complaining that the passenger beforenusnsmelled like weed. bro it might be us
 tryna smoke until i cant feel my face.
 mmm when u get off work and u smoke a fatty so now u chillin eatin cheesecake
 so @bugattibeez just cause hes literally been dropping free smoke all month  
 when you send your friends to finesse the edible delivery man for more weed and they succeed. 
 when you smoke then take a nap is like the best sleep you can get 
 pizza  smokey robinson 
 its so easy to smoke weed
 thatmomentwhen you are about to smoke a mango vanilla lavender bowl and take it to sleep 
 this nigga really just accused me for stealing his weed when ive been in the apartment for .5 seconds
 it took us 5 hours to finally smoke
 about to smoke an go my ass go sleep .
 knox cannabis dispensary opening up down the block from my apartment 
 me running home to smoke myself into oblivion 
 i just want to roll some weed and go camping  but i cant 
 lets smoke a blumt
 free smoke 
 when the rave is over and youre trying to smoke pot  but your dealers are all sleep
 still blowin thick smoke while you powda ya nose
 the city of atlanta allows limited smoking in the airport i guess if you can bring your gun here why wouldnt you be able to smoke  too.
 i been up since 1am just smoking and listening to music im about to smoke one last jay ampamp try to sleep
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i know this crackhead who says she gotta smoke nice rock. and if its good shell bring you customers and measuring  pots.
 getting clean is seriously the hard thing ive ever done i keep having dreams im smoking weed just to wake up sober af
 introduced in february  hr 899 seeks to terminate the us dept of education. missed it behind smoke and mirrors 
 in new york  dealing drugs is a sport  yu either sell it  smoke it  shoot up  or snort  either way your caught...
 south hempstead ny sat mar 25th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 couldnt sleep really so ive been up since 5am getting my shit together  and smoking weed...
 theyre taking my father off the ventilator today  i had hoped he at least made it to june. fuck cancer and anyone who smokes cigarettes
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i am instantly craving marijuana
 they saying  the marijuana industry need big time businesses  uhhh weve been boomin for the past 70yrs since weve been outlawed bro
 the theme of the day is smoked meats. smokeallthethings
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 a memorable evening with family amp friends. the smoked pork chop was incredible. great service  
 build that wall around the whitehouse with all republicans inside. smoke out the rotten lot of traitors.  
 the last generation that have the right to smoke cigarettes. after every queer march its back home to the town of 
 after 5 hours of hickory and cherry smoke these are ready to wrap bbq weber tvwbb @ palmetto 
 when the karaoke room gets boxed and your clothes smell like smoke and a long night of bad decisions lol
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well set up a weed farm.  well go to a weed farm  amd work for it.  ask for derek  
 hamont is home to 3 major medical marijuana growers supplying the 130 000 canadian users. scleroderma 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 tradein your ibuprofen for cannabis why go pharmaceutical  when you can go all natural  
 the weed to loud   turn up the volume.
 so last night we ripped out the bible and smoked a joint sorrygod
 ideal afterparty quiet music  not a lot of people  and a lot of weed
 @1realvalee  went to miami and hit story my bitch on a og gas diet  just weed no meat ooh ooh0
 i dont understand those people who are so quick to judge you and switch up on you just because they found out u smoke. lol fuck off
  compared to whole plant cbdrich cannabis  industrial hemp is typically low in cannabinoid content
 this piece of work could probably benefit from smoking cannabis recreationally. 
 came to get some cigars and say hi to john and his uncle bill @ 7204 twins smoke shop in londonderry  nh 
 see our latest lawrence  ks job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 tig amp smokey and the bandit caturday cats instagramcats catsofinstagram adoptdontshop @ 
 but i lost my weed somewhere in the chaos last night
 its like trying to put smoke back in this cigarette
 healthy competition is critical for  all hemp businesses to strive but we must not forget that we all have the same enemy. votehemp
 hurts my heart when beautiful singers smoke. like nooooo you need that voice and those lungs to make music 
 spj conference listening to @k8mckee discuss covering marijuana in colorado. 
 soak up the sweet vapors. fresh smoked pork shoulder from its overnight slumber in the oven. 
 aint seen weed bad like this since 09 
 someone smoke and go get coffee and a bagel with me 
 glad too say i dont drink regularly like everyone nor smoke  im a good little girl lmao
 brunch bacon biryani  layers and layers of basmati rice  onion amp tomato masala  smokey 
 going thru my old hs teachers weeding pics have me filled with joy 
 lows wanna go and smoke 
 my major is horticulture oh so you wanna grow weed ya actually lol 
 how many grammas out there smoke weed 
 thankful that the rocks surrounding this flower did not convince her that she was a weed  her 
 dont let the smoke and mirrors confuse you.
 i date a smoke happy birthday babe 
 blow smoke in my face and ill kill ya  
 see our latest lagrange  ky job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 i want some sushi and hickory smoked bacon
 just smoke dolo right now lol
 i havent smoked that many blunts in a while
 @mharbul notify nyc sent out a notice about alpha jets conducting a flyover down the hudson amp trailing red  white  and blue smoke.
 free smoke free smoke
 if u not talking bout smoke u can go dat way 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation marshall  mo
  not much ppl love weed as much as i do... femalesmokers weedislife shemusthaveherown 
 or maybe he had a bad golf game and covered that with smoke and mirrors. 
 we are the hempire legalizeit legalizeweed legalizemarijuana endthedrugwar @ willie nelsons 
 @tbrownmedia gee  i came for the cannabis. what is this drama
 i asked my trump supporter ass dad if he could drive me to the beach so i could smoke and he was down omg
 stepstoreverseclimatechange              smoke cigarettes backwards
 how much purp could smokepurpp smoke if smokepurpp could smoke purp
 just wanna smoke a blunt and have some bomb ass shower sex rn 
 patatas smoked pork fat potatoes with smoked garlic aioli 
 smoking weed
 my phone has weed residue on it at least 85 of the day 
 i smoke the best
 free smoke free smoke
 we finna make alex go viral with the weed pic
 i wanna go out to eat  take it back to the crib  smoke some trees and sip on wine all day long..
 look what found surviving amongst the weeds metaphor im a little daisy surviving the 
 drinking a bosxaus  smoked oyster stout by @infamousbrewing@samueladamsbeer @ infamous brewing company  
 drinking a reef donkey by @tbbco @ blue smoke  
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 look at this dumb shit... synthetic weed but not the real shit. wake me up when this is found to cause cancer or so 
 99 smoke detectors installed in d7 homes today by the sa @americaredcross thx to henry van de putte and all the vo 
 this is now a weed twitter account
 we want all the smoke
 @twotitsnochainz bout to smoke a cigar on the patio and drink some jameson.
 great breakfast scrambled eggs with toasted butter bagels and lox smoked salmon and some 
 we want all the smoke 
 what you smoked on got you texting me you miss me and shit 
 i have yet to fail to fall asleep at every place i smoke at lmfaooo
 im so happy i dont live in a fuckboy state like arizona livepd you have the size of your thumb in weed jail you go 
 brilliant  if not a bit underhanded idea to set off the smoke right before the free kick  the 
 hate when people ask why i dont smoke and try to convince me too
 if you live in santee and are doing absolutely nothing tonight  feel free to come smoke me amp @queenmiiaaa out 
 do you guys ever smoke a bowl and think about how many times youve orbited the sun
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i need more girl friends with positive energy  that are down to smoke and idk support eachother. listen to good music and shit.
 she just want to smoke and fuck   i said girl thats all we do
 @swiftonsecurity the fbi turned trump to weed out moles in the cia
 the laws took my weed i was so sad til i came home amp found the sack i lost 
 i need to smoke m8
 sitting here in a weed filled blaze. what a gift that the land has gave. ill b smoking till i hit my grave. with a 
 black smoke slowly crawls to the sky like a plague blocking out the sun the smell of burning 
 nothing smells worse than weed tryna be masked with body sprayperfume 
 should of got some weed before i came in
 tbh i just wanna smoke and call it a night
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 finna smoke solo i guess
 lit just smoked a blunt with a puppy in my lap for the past hour
 i dont care how much you love wiz khalifa  no you cant roll my weed
 you smoke too much  you talk too much so 
 speakeasy @ russells smokehouse 
 do you smoke
 21 had the smoke alarm beep in wow
 why would you ever smoke weed when you could get higher off jenkem for free
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1050 s dukeland st  trash and debr 
 i dont get how no one brings weed but wants to smoke 
 i smoked cleaned and went to go hoop. super washed 
 i have been on some weed shit where my coke at
 philosophy thought thinking reasoning why not be the last generation with the legal right to smoke we have plenty o 
 nothing screams winning the megabus lottery like sitting next to a large man who obviously smokes. burning all my clothes. 
 day one with the family and no marijuana everyone is annoying
 @jakemoziak wake up   we gotta smoke a blunt 
 i always have to brush my teeth before i smoke...
 free smoke free smoke ayy
 @n former president barack obama advocates marijuana after legalization  toronto streets full of marijuana smell  blacks up  thefts increase
 i just want to smoke a backwood and get breakfast is that too much to ask
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 newhealthcareprofessions weed dealer 
 @mitchellvii @jovanclordim health ins rates are based on age  zip code amp if you smoke. no explanation on why its cheaper
 ihavebeenthinkingand now my head hurts  i need more weed to stop thinking.
 let me go find a backwood so i can get my morning smoke on .
 the smoke alarm went off at 3 amp 4 this morning amp ive been up sincehome from church amp im just ready to knock out  happy sunday though
 i done cooked home made smoked deer sausage .. 
 sunday funday  stop by the smokehouse for 10 house ale pitchers and 70 cent wings all day. we open at noon 
 @xxxrachelroxxx getting a oz the day i get out my brother smokes bud so its all good hes came here amp smoked wme so its all good 
 i woke up to my truck smelling like weed 
 i like to smoke. 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation crestline  oh
 this honey oil by @ganjagold is amazing. you can smoke it  vape it  bake it  eat it  etc. . 
 see our latest fostoria  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 icosr2017 yasmin hurd greatgrandchildren of mice exposured to cannabis still show reward processing abnormalities. wow...
 you nasty if u smoke cigs
 ill make a trip to the plug but i like my weed delivered to my front door.
 @thoroughlykels i texted 2 numbers in my phone under your name hopefully you at least receive a smoke signal
 its funny i only use to smoke one stoog  but qs the years went by  drugs turned into the new food
 my moms calls marijuana laughing gas 
 deviled eggs  smoked hot link brunch vancouvereats deviledeggs smoked hotlink @ smokehouse 
 @natgeo they make an incredible  multi gen trip. please plant milk weed amp dont go amp see them in mexico
 once your weed man shows up. 
 @maribelivanna lmaooo regs  the weed will have you contemplating life
 like i legally bought weed and smoked it in a bar 
 who tryna come watch this kentucky game at 5 and smoke hookah 
 wym sis sitting in a car and smoking would be a great date or maybe i just smoke too much  
 lawd help  there are good days  and there are great days.  this smoked excellence will 
 putting my smoker to work today to do a lil something for my bae birthday and hopefully she will like it. sundayflow
 i think i drink more than i smoke now
 i was like let me go stash this and i walked out into the hall holding an entire sandwhich bag of weed as my brother and that thing walked
 this wild team is cooked. cant close out nonplayoff teams  gonna get smoked in the first round.
 a great man once said light a cigarette so he dont smell the weed.    now heres a video of me catching a pig wh 
 i love that i can buy weed without a medicare in fresno
 @stewarthaasrcng @clintbowyer @rushtruckcenter go 14 smoke em clint
 damn my car still smells like marijuana 
 this nigga said lets walk downtown amp smoke dope
 im rollin up a blunt so i could smoke real quick
 i just smoked a tiny bunny and im not sure if i should be crying like any other girl or not
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 food amp weed food amp weed
 i wish i had some funny ass friend to smoke and chill w me amp porcha
 im about to smoke a blunt in the shower and not gaflay
 ugh today was fun bc all i did was smoke wif frens then i went home and slept until 10
 id rather do all of these things right after we sit in the car and smoke  
 listenin to them already had me tweakin  now this time ny try to get all the smoke in one hit ghee 
 @rickrekedal ha. all smoke and mirrors.
 lemme inna white house  wit a pocket full of weed inna white house
 hate when people smoke around me and then i start to smell like it 
 im trying to get myself up to smoke this spliff
 okay im gonna smoke this blunt. and im not gonna die. i can do all things through christ who strengthens me. lmao
 free smoke
 advoate montel williams more involved in medical marijuana than ever with biz launch  via @aliciawallace
 i love this shut hella nintendo games amp weed
 rappers love marijuana  that is why what is happening is transpiring.
 dont you love it when your smoke alarm decides to alert you of a low battery by beeping in the middle of night smokealarm annoyed
 @bimpincashcc bitch u betta let me smoke u out first
 cali weed but im in memphis
 cutting back on my weed consumption
 prince would still be alive if he had been on cannabis based remedies its time to end the lies about cannabis. sta 
 i really wish weed made me sleepy like its fkin supposed to...
 wanna smoke a blunt w oomf too bad she hate me one day then fw me the other.
 most days im all grown up cugerattes as weed
 took a nap  smoked a bowl now back to work.
 great....now i dont have to hide my stash anymore  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 shoutout to the asshole who almost ran me off the road then felt it was necessary to blow black smoke in front of me the whole time. 
 your peeps @nsandhu87  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 @wendydshaffer @nytimes too much smoke not to have fire indictkushner trumpfailure
 good morning stoners  marijuana will be legal in canada as of july 1st 2018
 think im only going to smoke on thr weekends...
 @soulmatebag i bought u a blue lapiz lazuli turtle in a blue paper mache turtle box with all my indian @currensyspitta in a cannabis baggy
 see our latest lima  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 i need to get some more weed today
 days like this are the best to get high makes me wanna smoke a blunt but im better then that.  
 @krisdokekris @metroottawa @metrohalifax actually  no  it doesnt.  chronic asthmatic here  all smoke leads to inflammation.
 smoke some weed together daily improveyourlovelifein5words
 @citytammie @jodieemery ... if she currently sells legal weed or will  after july 12018  shes fcked any hope of dispensary in ca 22
 @easyloving if they come back from 12k down like last week...its gonna be some smoke in the j lanerys17  @lanecollege
 ive had half a can of soup amp havent smoked since saturday morning amp i left my vehicle somewhere because i couldnt drive why am i so sick
 was tryna wait but ima smoke this face 
 free smoke  free smoke 
 i got the whole battery smoked for wearing js to pt  everybody got they swole on lol
 seen the smartest investment the other day. the weed man was also the candy man 
 its just a poll  but this suggests most illinoisans favor decriminalizing marijuana il  
 what i smoke might steal yo hoe
 a female that smokes weed.. is it unattractive
 @kathleenwynne marijuana legalized would be the perfect birthday present.  more mellow than alcohol and you can vape it ergo no smoke.
 every cigarette you smoke takes 7 mins off your life.... think about it
 most baby boomers love weed its a proven fact
 this dude was totally smoking weed in the bathroom when i walked in
 ariana it smells in here you smoke in here dont you  hahaha what no mom no 
 all she wanted to do was smoke a cig n go to church with her outfits n be her 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i dont want be popular lmao bitch i just want be paid fr. fuck yall people i just want money amp grade a weed
 @brithume lotta smoke. lotta cloakanddagger. the guiltiest lookin bunch ive ever seen.
 im bout to smoke some marijuana and watch power rangers over the old shit
 tonight smoke session radio live on  also ig live .. fb still has me blocked for vids 
 theyll never legalize marijuana.. its the only way the governmentcops still making money off arresting people 
 i wake up out my sleep just to smoke a blunt. maybe i need to slow down
 i work for a grass n roots company now as a manager. aint no drug testing ever happen here lol. prolly wont ever be. i dont smoke tho so
 return of smoke to wisconsin    
 why did @kentatted smoke that boy like that 
 @kpmidatlantic if smokers can have breaks  i advocate for daily yoga breaks  10minutes per hour during work myhealthyidea
 liberalism is like weeds...once they start to grow  they cover everything....
 i sound like a chain smoker and im coughing up a lung every 5 minutes. happy monday. 
 its time to update iowas cannabis laws 
 to all my weed smokers amp pot heads  we lit 420 @thepinhook  7 advance tickets 10 at th 
 holy smokes...cue the jokes now... 
 hmu if u wanna gimm sum free weed
 the va needs to add marijuana
 dude i have some of the staaaankiest weed rn honestly best lemon haze ive ever had in my life
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i smoke so much the ashes about to burn on me i seen a so called good girl turn on me
 @morningjoe remember all the reports about hillarys speaking fees her lies lock her ups lock them up leaks amp lies smoke amp mirrors
 @lalaalexandria i do bc i have sjogrens so i have chronic dry mouth lol  and when im trying not to smoke.
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 its been a while since we smoked weeds neighbor 
 listen to a.c ft. smoke  flash copy.mp3 by smoke np on soundcloud 
 learned about marijuana abuse im my abnormal psych class today and i really had to play devils advocate like how does one abuse weed
 dumb liberals in canada wana legalize weed on canadas day all idiots who smoke weed they will have kids who will be slow in school  behind
 so my professor asked whats the top 5 leading causes of death amp this girl said marijuana confidently.. 
 impromptu trip to the smokey mountains resulted in many stunning shots @canonusaimaging @canonusapro @viewbug 
 off of weed for awhile though i want my  lips back normal 
 slaid im a little nervous to be opening the show for you mr clark. guy you just need to smoke more dope.  
 you can roll a nigga weed its okay 
 im at greaks smokehouse in alvin  tx 
 @alandonmusic x @realgyptian x kushface x smokestackglobal x 2017 x lifechanges @ platinum 
 so much weed no oxygen
 @spookymarissa smoke show
 idk shes smoked  
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation chester  va job
 someone come smoke 
 @tedtalks i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 finally something not smokey.... 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation elizabethtown  ky
 @halsey when are we going to smoke a blunt together 
 ryan closes w his favorite line im hempstead born and im hempstead bred. and when i die ill be hempstead dead. raised on terrace ave.
 my dad been outside cleaning all day cant even go out and smoke
 after i smoke this blunt bih im gone forget bout you cause i got that dumb pressure 
 this girl just asked me to smoke her out hahaha she got me good
 my cousin visited from pittsburgh this weekend amp said she brought something to smoke. i just know it was huff  tf they got up in pittsburg
 @20committee will viciouscycle cont 1 story abt russiagate 2 trump counters wlookoverhere smokescreen 3 tmw new leak on russiagate
 when i smoke this blunt im gone forget you 
 dont you love when your sister takes your weed bc i sure as fucking hell dont
 ima sip it till i feel it and ima smoke it till its gone
 it seems like finding a woman that can drive a manual is almost as rare as finding one who doesnt smoke
 i just wanna smoke and my cousin taking forever
 rollup the smoke sesh.. 
 design solution floor fray smoke  countertop pentalquartz belgium blue  backsplash islandstone glass ginger 
 i swear the stonger my weed the deeper i go into my mind
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 813 s dallas st  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 107 s collington ave  send message.
 russia narrative is just a smoke screen for their corruption. trump is exposing it.trump is always right. 
 why is the weed so bad in phoenix lol
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation loretto  pa job
 update construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway 
 money  music  weed gtgtgt friends
 id like to be anywhere that marijuana is legalized.
 i havent smoked any weed since like 439 yesterday. smh.. i got about 3 hits left in my pen too smh yet again
 if you live in a state where marijuana is legal  watch this segment from @iamjohnoliver. hes a national treasure. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1805 east belvedere avenue baltimore  send me 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1926 e pratt st  send message.
 seat way back listenin to anita baker ridin by myself  smokin weed by the acre
 if you walk into the gym reeking of cigarette smoke  you need to check your priorities
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation rockford  il
 seeing ppl smoke cigarettes is honestly so disgusting
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 i prolly dont fuck with u if you dont smoke backwoods. 
 the two of us went up in smoke
 i got lil shawty on that reefer now she kodak boppin
 just smoke my weed and play my music
 all this work  ain shit for the low.. hell naa nigga i ain giving no deals. shoot ya weed man  if the dope ain smoking
 u drive too fast  u smoke too much but that dont mean a thing cuz im addicted to the rush
 what do u even smoke candy sticks
 once i smoke this j boy ima forget you
 dont take xans  and smoke woods before getting a fade 
 look at my vegan salad with vegan mock chicken and vegan kale and vegan cucumber and vegan hemp hearts and vegan br 
 hoes always talk bout niggas aint getting no money let one of them niggas post a pic guns   money   an weed  watch that hoe 
 i mean i smoke it for free all da time might as well get paid to do it  
 clear mind. room smells like weed and room spray. window open. rainy streets. i hear the cars. lights off. 1 candle on. while nirvana plays.
 when the smoker was bitchin 
 @speakerryan holy smoke  disaster is everything coming out of the wh. nothing but amateurs ruling and you guys let 
 ill burn down this bridge and set my life up in smoke 
 really be wishing i had someone to smoke wit when i get off in the mornings 
 when you and bae smoke a blunt and watch hours of the food network  
 lemme roll up smoke and go to sleep shit struck a nerve
 watching all these people smoke cigarettes on this show is killing meeee
 you must be cool if you smoke a pack of cigs a day 
 chaduer was the first one i smoked with. him and ngor taught me how to hit a blunt. damn i miss you. rip
 with the echoes of the amplifiers ringing in ya head  smoke the days last cigarette  remembering what she said.
 all yall do is drink and smoke
 i jus wanna face a blunt  no weed  no plug
 bri grinding weed i feel like this is some shit work would make me do  uh okay bri
 im on weed and she on molly
 i smoke some pretty tasty weed  i dont know what youre smoking   
 lmao when you choose weed over pipe 
 these giant smoked turkey legs are addictive good til the last bite  
 got some weed
 idk why weed gives me so much energy and puts me in the mood to workout or study or do random shit lmao
 my weed is trash but should i smoke or just try to go to bed
 i love weed delivery services. i love la.
 i am nocturnal. i listen to the cure and smoke marlboros til 6 am. then i sleep all day.
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 2932 edmondson avenue baltimore  
 guess i gotta smoke again so i can sleep
 eww bruh smoke better... 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 see our latest charleston  wv job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 bin ladin weed
 is it nigga weed or is it other stuff 
 tell attorney general stop comparing marijuana use to heroin addiction 
 im caught between a beggars teeth.  buried in the wilted roses and pregnant weeds. 
 mybesteverdecision  gt   to stop drinking alcohol  smoking cigarettes .smoking marijuana in 2001......
 raven we have to smoke and bump it loud af 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 then smoke the whole blunt like i do not always have time
 cant even look for a pen in my bag because it smells like hella ganja 
 i smoke that loud cause i aint tryna hear  ya bitchin 
 i dont know what went on or how things went down but somebody got their boots smoked at this fucking hotel. 
 @nasirxjones @airbagged yes  and ill add that anything hope con wrote is heavier than tower of snakes. love 18v but hope con smokes them
 @goddesskimyoung ridiculously hot smoker 
 nothing gets me feelin myself like a cute dress  weed  and lana del rey
 in the mood to smoke myself into a coma amp watch rick and morty  but i have mf class 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 @artstapleton my guess  all smoke amp mirrors. dal had no intention to release him  only claiming so when retirement 
 i heard weed give yall dry pussy 
 aint got no money maaannn but you bet i got some weed. got some weed . who got some weed
 regardless of your opinion of him  theres no way you can say kaepernick is worse than savage and weeden texans
 @peglegporker @pitmasterpat asking for help 4 smoked bologna. father in law from covington  tn didnt get a chance to show me b4 he passed.
 yea i had a drink yea i smoke
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 this girl likes weed   chickens  and bongs. sounds like ang
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i love the colors of springi know some people call them weeds  but i call them 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation birmingham  al
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 back in good ol chicago. im embarrassed to admit how much i missed cannabis.
 you and nadia both knew i was sick but still smoked after me sooooo 
 trump  smoke amp mirrors. bait amp switch. divert attention from whats really important. hes a master at disillusion and deceit. trumprussia
 i used to be very unsympathetic when students in my classes would do weed legalization as a speech  i assumed it was just for fun
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 give me 1 reason wrong with weed i can give you 10 reasons its good 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2437 washington boulevard baltimore  send mes 
 deepest darkest places ive been there  thats i blow smoke in the atmosphere
 medical marijuana a step closer to legalization in md. beinformed 
 been detoxing for a week straight now. no weed  straight water.
 more pictures of our weed demonstration in poppa jacs peach orchard in white county 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 free smoke
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 working on a smoked fig vermouth today
 slowly smoked and crispy fried chicken wings tastytuesday rustysbluemountain chickenwings smoked crispy 
 i binge watch anime all day and smoke all day
 i just wanna skate around and smoke a blunt. but mother nature not fucking with it.
 just trying to chill and smoke
 i been doing good i even gave some weed away yesterday lmao
 @tredicl @exodvvs reasons to smoke weed you dont trip out under anaesthetics
 hit me up to buy weed from me after dumping me and hating me for smoking it haha nah lose my number loser
 that drugless weed
 @chitchatinmd is this is relation to marijuana laws
 brand new weed
 see our latest pittsburgh  pa job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 idk why im aggravated   i need to smoke 
 i need weed friends that i can pull up on with new strains to smoke amp so we can discuss dispensary power rankings.
 should i smoke before
 its cool  i guess. when my cannabis mastermind group comes together  well run the industry with our opinions.
 free smoke
 thanks for the likes  jessie taylor  @ smoke shoppe in in 
 dont dont touch anything bottles clamoring youre gonna mess up the feng shui faint smell of smoke lotta qi up in here. you feel it.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2806 boarman avenue baltimore  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 11421144 west pratt street baltimore  send message.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2330 riggs avenue baltimore  send message. 
 me yeah i smoke. i smoke 
 i want to smoke with someone.
 its funny cause the original caption is about a dude accidentally leaving a weed brownie batch out and his daughte 
 hit this and listen to some smoove shit while you smoke  chill  study  playin games or whatever u doin 
 i need a sum fuckin weed asap
 i legit just heard one of the partners say  im about to go home amp smoke a bowl.. then  have me some dinner..  hahaha.. me too
 ms.riceampfarkascreated smokeampwhere theres smoke theres fireampthe flames r heatinginvestigation.butthe media p 
 idk how my skin manages to look decent when i drink more alcohol than water and smoke a pack a day
 this why i dont smoke with white people... 
 if it goes down in flames   the smoke gonna spell my name
 free smoke  
 west virginia house passes the amended version of a bill to pass medical marijuana. tomorrow  its up to our senate to confirm.
 thank god for weed because how else would i sleep or not hurt someone in day to day life
 3 days marijuana free hardest three days of my fucking life but so worth it
 jadins life but every blunt he smokes makes it more distorted
 rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacationnnnnnn. franky voice
 i harvest blunts and hide them  just to smoke by myself 
 smoking weed is a part of my life so lil smoke 
 nothing like waking from a dead sleep to the smoke detector going off. also my apartment is hot af im pretty sure the ac is broken 
 iendmydayby counting how much money i made and how many things i have to be grateful for also weed and netflix. 
 ppl talk shit amp stereo type bcuz i smoke weed  little do they know wo it i get anxiety attacks. sorry not sorry
 bruuuuuuh i finally got my dad to fuckin smoke marijuana with me 
 one thing i hate about swishers is you have to break your weed down beforehand or that rello will be stale
 today i saw a tree removal road crew stoned out of their minds true because nothing mixes with chainsaws and wood chippers like marijuana.
 time to smoke another blunt.
 just realized im out of weed and its midnight 
 its time to remove marijuana from schedule i...big pharma is making record profits off the chronically ill. cancer patients need alternativ
 @sharashay smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @djslyplanet smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @nineoh smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @rubenxocean smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 so yall telling me if i become a public figure but smoke cigarettes and tweet about it... im trynna kill my people tf
 islam cant win in usa my cat the vev loves ham off the bone smoked ham
 i was gonna smoke this blunt but now idk 
 everythings better with a bag of weed
 @markhoppus i didnt know you wanted to smoke with me
 @markhoppus i didnt do anything but started to smoke more
 im on weed she on molly
 i cant sleep im so annoyed amp i dont even wanna smoke
 so much anxiety smh i cnt wait to get to miami so i could smoke a blunt
 bake egg avocado nest with smoke salmon.. over40 paleo paleolifestyle whole30 wholefood 
 i cant smoke for 32 more hours
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 2902 w baltimore st  tires. 
 sad bc my fav person to smoke with has to quit smoking 
 someones been weedwacking their lawn since 630 this morning. i hope a fucking birds poops on their head.
 i smoked way too many ls yesterday  im burnt out
 do you smoke
 you know your tired when your weed gets delivered and you fall asleep instead
 south hempstead ny wed apr 5th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 i hit a line of white  i smoke a dub of green niggas call it purple  what the fuck you mean
 @randpaul susan rice another smoke screen to cover the incompetency of u and rest of gop u represent nothing but ur own greed and ego
 in need of an unlimited supply of weed 
 420 n high school was such a big deal if you smoked
 we are starting the fire and getting this bbq wednesday started smoked chicken and ribs served 
 ac line voted @mtas most likely to smell like weed any time of day
 free smoke  
 dear kid that smokes while walking to class every morning  i hate smelling like smoke so please let me walk first. thanks
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 none of them nigga can perform free smoke nigga i write songs i cant even do so that helping shit a lie he has gho 
 cause obviously weed just isnt doing it for you  so you level up. 
 free smoke free smoke  ay
 why flip burgers when you can sling weed denvers pot boom puts the hurt on local restaurant hiring @alternet 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 jab please bring back the smokehouse turkey and chipotle chicken panini. @panerabread 
 @ingrahamangle just great wouldnt expect anything less from someone who thought the klan was ok until he learned they smoked pit
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i will find it. and i will smoke it. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 37113715 2nd street baltimore  send message. 
 @billhemmer ricelies nunes will be dnc smoke target but he handled exactly right wo lib name smearing he stated a real issue issue exists
 youre a bum if you skip school to smoke
 unbelievable. weve got to weed out these socialists out of our education system  they are poisioning our children 
 i thought i had weed on my seats in my car ...it was lettuce 
 ion wanna smoke the tree i officially wanna  be the tree 
 you a lameeeee and ya bitch break down my weed sometimes.
 i put yo hoe in the loop  yea i blow smoke out the roof
 i havent smoked weed in over a year  i never really made a conscious decision not to  i just dont anymore.
 not in the mood to go into a new community and go through the tedious process of weeding out bad nerds
 yeah. because you guys were getting smoked 101 to @stetsonbaseball and didnt want that loss on your record. soft 
 governors ask attorney general to leave their legal marijuana alone
 these bitches regular and they smoke regular. if these bitches bad then bad bitches regular.
 over weed wack ass. 
 if you quit to smoke out yo homies amp not a female you in the closet
 @lizl0 so ur gunna tell me u never sucked dick and smoked with someone after
 @gilbertssocial smokes meat everyday  fresh the smell alone is worth the trip better come get 
 all i do at this point in my semester is watch anime and smoke and wait till last minute to do all of my homework but its working for me
 i just want to chill  smoke  drink  and be cool.
 @meltingreality im so excited you dont know how many blunts are gonna smoked to this album. not trying to trigger
 this job might be a great fit for you extern  smokey point smiles dentistry   marysville  wa hiring
 i wanna smoke just dont wanna roll 
 my facebook friends think its legal to smoke marijuana in kc now 
 big sean wants no smoke with kendrick
 being escorted up to molinofire by @forestservice. fire halted at 50 acres. fyi smokey bear says danger is moder 
 when you cant smoke during the sat 
 i need a weed man that takes paypal.
 friday is smoke and dick day but i wont be participating 
 one of my weed and gonna call me up asking do his bags be looking skimpy then get mad when i say yea
 great for cars literally smokers 
 sure  i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 bout to smoke the rest of the weed and schleeeeeeep 
 pretty proud to say im 19 yrs old  went through all of high school  amp i have never smoked weed a day in my life  stayed true to my beliefs
 every time baseball season starts im reminded of the first time i was caught red handed smoking weed back in high school.
 987 kissfm is lit right now with push smoke live in the kissfm studio with djflex listen 
 dont like smoking weed unless im drunk
 i need a blunt   can some bless my life amp smoke me out 
 i remember i would smoke all the pain away  my problems would be gone for a couple hours then back to reality
 production standby  wait around the next 24 hrs for textemail fwith new call time.  all whilst watching tv and smoking weed.  setlife
 i smoke rapper weed this dat moonrock 
 im just going to drop off some weed 
 idgaf who gets mad at me but if you smoke in front of your kids your dumb asf exposing their poor little lungs to that 
 gonna roll up to my exs and smoke all his fuckin weed
 just finished writing my persuasive speech to repeal the prohibition of marijuana amp its so good i might send it to trump
 faded rn and my parents were talking to me about weed
 meek smoke mid smooth sell mid
 i wish i could just call someone up when i need a smoke out  like an emergency hotline or sumn
 i wanna go to bed but i also wanna smoke a joint
 join us this friday for the micallefcigars      cigar aficionado big smoke after party  
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 voting against the legalization of marijuana yall was stupid for that one  thingsiwontapologizefor
 grateful for weed every day  keeps me calm  and focused on the bigger picture
 i think my whole bag just permanently smells likes weed 
 cleared incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station
 walked into ap bio and mr. anderson screamed  holy smokes  ashely is back   haha yes mr. anderson  ashely is back
 its fucked up because i know that medicinally i could take a small hit of marijuana right now amp feel so much better. fuck being sick 
 @wifeemailer getting loads and loads of cigarette smokestained ibm pcxts
 pulls out twizzlers you want some reefer  @natetrammel
 my brother every morning blasts the greatest songs and just smokes until its time for him to leave for work. lol the life gtgt
 i wanna get high tonight. i havent smoked in months. 
 i dont smoke or drink and i dont pop pills ... im just high off life
 you got a cigarette smokers body posture 
 you wake up and suck on bottle caps while you cut your hair with weed wackers boy
 @aboutbandnpolls smoke on the water
 i wanna smoke
 hate a person that always wanna smoke but never wanna match..
 @perel67 i hear you  but old already pay 3x the young amp smokers face big surcharge.  should we let insurers vary premiums based on bmi
 kush smoke and guns
 shes back oak smoked chicken salad w toasted almonds amp pickled grapes is back on the menu   beef ribs  brisket 
  i dont smoke. 
 most of the 36 million remaining smokers in the us have low socioeconomic status  study finds 
 swear cigs r a laxative.  my man be shittin a storm after he smokes.
 brickhouse cigar event at lil brown smoke shack  april 7th 2017 
 smoking weed is illegal  drinking underage is illegal and half the shit you do when youre out is illegal. stop flaggin for twitter plz 
 the first time i bought weed ever was literally inside sugarloaf country club 
 luv walking thru this dudes strawberry flavord vape smoke on this raining day vapelife
 you gotta smoke all 18 today fuck that 
 @cigarweekly @jefslat @stevesaka yeah great smokes. love em. 
 i dont smoke cigarettes  but i gave her a lighter.
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 37733799 manchester avenue baltimore 
 @michigankid89 lol i went out to smoke at 3am and i was mad lol
 staffer you cant smoke in here sir  boehner takes a long drag  dare you to get paul ryan down here and see 
 people still taking xans and molly can yall not just smoke gas like mine godt.
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation sedalia  mo job
 im just trying to chill and smoke with this girl.
 lets smoke 
 ya fuckin car smells like a fuckin marijuana factory
 hate when i walk in school and i be high and somebody wanna scream out you high or you smell lole weed like duh gone on
 william and baby william want yall to know that kids under 5 get in free to salt n smoke on 
 when the smoke clears and the dust settles  may 6th class is in 
 two women transported to hospital for possible smoke inhalation in randall st. fire. firefighters continue to look 
 this home in meigs co burned to the ground last night. you can see smoke still lingering around 
 thingsiwontapologizefor not charging you if you do not qualify for getting a medical marijuana recommendation.
 cant wait to smoke after work
 you can tell i smoke a blunt if you look into me eyes.
 just wanna smoke  play guitar.
 i would make the damn smoke detector go off and it scared the shit outta me.  im alone thank goodness
 tbt the time mittenkitten13 looked at me the way rihanna looks at weed mintwednesdays 
 okay seriously if youre gonna kill someone over them shorting you on weed then your priorities are fuuuuuucked
 so what the god shiva does is drink a lot of weed
 i have an hour break. i should go home and smoke 
 neospeak flynnagainamp greatest smokescreen oall time modstate  @gabecoker @ashleeowens 
 great stuff from beginning to end @cattleackbbq today. theres homemade smoked bologna under the white bread. 
 dude weed in florida is actually super bomb haha
 holy smokes theyve made an awd singer 911. and its got a roof rack  
 @politico smoke and mirrors. trumprussia i dont buy this fake news story. presidentbannon would never let this happen.
 damn i hate being sober  ima smoker 
 when someones cig smoke blows right into my face uk its just gonna be that kinda day
 i dont smoke at all tho
 i wanna stop smoking weed but see the way my attitude is set up...
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern...httpst.cofriikjomga
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern...httpst.cojyxp63bjyu
 @patchybeardpapi same. i also really mess with passionfruit  free smoke  cant have everything  and lose you. this 
 cant wait to go home  smoke with my bestfriend and cuddle
 someone told me my voice is sexy but i should stop smoking  i told him i dont smokeamp he said oh are you sick then nope just my voice 
 @andrearussett bro if youre in amsterdam and dont buy hella weed im gonna be very disappointed in you
 im pretty sure most of the people who smoked last night woke up high
 changetheschedule        agsessionsplease he sure doesnt mind a good buzz so whats his beef w cannabis  
 no free smoke  @ cleveland  ohio 
 darian aint smoke in 24 hours and hes so happy he got bud  longestever
 scary smoked out ass
 @jessicagoldstei @angelarye and dont like food to touch. a segregated plate  grits is basically the marijuana of breakfast.
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 free smoke free smoke
 i just seen a girl ask for free weed on snapchat 
 whos in kcmo amp wants to drink amp smoke with me on my balcony
 it is raining very hard but im still walking home for my weed break
 bucket list 1. smoke joint with @supermenschshep and @willienelson and whoever else they invite
 cleared construction on westhempsteadbranch both directions from lakeview station to west hempstead station
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 some people smoke   others drink  and others fall in love  each one dies in a different way.
 bones smoked the field today awesome job @ralphnks @hlynnsm @tylergaff for getting her there. first win of the me 
 head over to  where im going live in 5 minutes ill be talking cannabis news  products  amp taking your questions..
 @marietyler49 i got cannabis lollipops here 
 cant wait to smoke a blunt after  this gym session
 i should work at my brothers weed shop on the weekends... i was scared but they got armed security now so i might...
 one of my professors from last semester just blew his cigarette smoke in my face as i walked by
 i dont know what weed you be smoking but... 
 oh  so now dont nobody smoke cigarettes
 someone smells like weed
 haha dude next in his car next to mine getting high as fuck even my whole car smells like weed 
 @younghugger rapper weed got my crying
 damn  yall really smoke cigarettes
 poached french white asparagus. cashewhibiscus romesco. smoked mayonnaise @bambaracamb 
 its 420 smoke something bitch
 you know your in texas when... @ praseks hillje smokehouse 
 i dont usually dont mind  but if youre the kind of person that asks every smoker you see for a cigarette.. gtfo
 every time i was @kkaylamariie house i remember pop off was commonly used as much as they all smoke cigs badgirlsclub
 i smoke and i know things. thats what i do.
 north carolina smoked catfish dip dill  lavash 
 fuck i have a bowl in my car and weed and my dad is in it rn omfg why am i like dis
 we discovered the fresh amazing lemonade on our most recent trip to omc smokehouse and we are now addicted to the 
 cant wait to get off and smoke smh.
 yall my roommate just got busted for weed possession and now i gotta find another ride home
 im going to try weed again
 everywhere i go  windows down  smell the weed smoke. bern 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation marshall  mo
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 my daddy talking bout you wanna smoke one w me 
 roll me up and smoke me when i die 
 yall so called plugs still buying weed from in town niggas growing that shit in they back yard.
 just got back from phoenix az im living the adventure life grabbing a bite to eat then head back home to cortez and get some weed 
 i need lots of weed
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 that body odor that smells like weed... i always wondered how does one achieve that
 @azixz @rednikekortez everytime i see or smell weed im like... 
 @longlivedario where the weed 
 about to smoke this half of blunt i got left
 just planted all of my sweetpeas in the backyard. also did a little weeding. greenthumb gardening
 thanks for the likes  jessie taylor  @ smoke shoppe in in 
 @ricksteves is such an awesome dude. his show is great  he loves weed  and all he wants to do is help people  love 
 kelvin you failed a test for marijuana kelvin 
 @garrettforva i hope you can make progress rescheduling marijuana so doctors can start doing research to get fda approval.stop prohibition
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @robmore @dilletaunt smh....at least its just weed lol. the pnly plus about the situation is he wont get to kill silva in brazil lol
 just smoked a fat ass blunt wrap in wax.... im stuck
 gas what i smoke nigga 
 whom trynna smoke tonight
 @roynowlin hello  please contact lady crochet soon have a blessed weedend 
 my next girl is not aloud to smoke bullshit if its not straight package im not allowing it to enter your lungs 
 @tonymarinaro @freewayfrank oh yeah open invitation to the marinaro home tonight for smoke meat and the habs amp impact. i live 5 mins away 
 went home early to smoke a fat blunt   just to realize i was out of bud  happy friday 
 this town smells like marijuana and shitty people lol
 get you a girl who doesnt poison herself with smoke
 @tonhe oh yeah.  and everything weve heard so far is easy conceptually.  but there are some weeds to get into.
 chain smokers album  masters stream works strangely well together
 we have received calls of smoke in several areas of the county. reminder smoky cond could be from controlled burns 
 im stuck here at work and i just wanna go home and smoke a fatty 
 just put the weed down putthatonyourkids 
 people say im addicted to weed but i really think im addicted to root beer
 great idea for your hemp lovers valentines day gift  
 is this a smoke and mirrors act what kind of president asks for ratings prayers @cnnpolitics  trumpincompetence
 and if youre going to smoke on sc please dont make me watch you waste ya damn weed. 
 u say u want sum smoke nigga puff it up
 @dickyoungsghost @nytimes i know  what is it with public advocates and weed
 me stop spending so much money on weed amp make better financial decisions in 2017 ur a broke college student me to me its just a dub sis
 ill buy a bag of weed wit ur allowance
 my truck smells like weed 
 red smokey valentines makeup from @redlmunoz  
 hm  weed must really make you lose weight
 no weed simple 
 my whole class smells like straight weed and perfume to try and cover it
 are there smoke breaks in hell
 ion smoke but if you accidentally pass me a blunt imma accidentally hit that hoe
 the democrats  liberals should smoke a joint   lighten up and let people who are qualified to run our country 
 all i smoke is killa. yo bxtch look like thriller 
 my mom is currently smoking with her boyfriend in her room. she think she slick. i can smell weed from a mile away 
 @kellyannepolls @potus yall want respect then quit fucking whiningspeaking out of both sides of your mouth using smoke amp mirrors gotcha
 arian dont need to smoke bro 
 someone bring me tree  ill smoke it w you 
 and smoking weed
 @tedsmarijuana when a pharmaceutical company co. figures out how to make  on marijuana well have all we want  at inflated prices.
 syds album is a certified you can fuck or smoke to it type album
 my weed be sticky sticky
 after that shit  someone come smoke an lay up wit me rs 
 cant even remember the last time smoked and i could care less 
 when u havent smoked in 3 weeks and u finally smoke a blunt 
 when u havent smoked in 3 weeks and u finally smoke a blunt 
 she told me no i should invest in a marijuana dispensary. gotta find one worth it.
 i love that i know leahs been in my room because i walk in from not being home and i smell nothing but weed 
 eh better worker rights and weather makes up for it   oh and weed 
 i spank its weed ass
 dont hit me up for nothing more than a smoke  a drink  some music  or homework help.
 somebody smoke a bleezy w meeee
 this man making me snifff all his diff kinds of weed
 now we just need weed amp its a good valentines 
 hes like so you aint gonna smoke me up damn you already finished you half oz foo smoke me up dont be bitch i got dabs
 niggas that smoke roaches are fiends in my book
 is this weed kosher
 ok now i need to smoke
 .@thecoldcivilwar excited about the upcoming jeff sessionss impact on the us cannabis community
 people are smoking weed at shake shack what is this   kush shack  
 an hr ago i was thinking about how good pasta woulda tasted if i was high but then ann sent me a pic of me before marijuana and 10 lbs lol
 all i want to do is smoke cigarettes with @heathhussar
 youll cowards dont even smoke crack is a real album name
 come on weed and work i hate bein drunk
 this weed smelling too good in my pocket rn 
 bring me food amp ill smoke you out hours
 ive taken xans smoked a blunt and woke up not knowing what happened shit like that good for sleep but niggas try function off that shit
 yes weedpleeze
 i need to smoke...
 nigga who you telling come lets smoke neo 
 this weed legalization paper is about to be the best opinion piece ive ever written my teacher better love it
 somebody bring me panera bread soup and ill smoke you tf down and you can watch me play chel all day
 ifuckedyabitch then smoked a face
 i hate a it smell like weed ass classmate .
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 you smoke it  
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 all i smoke is killa   yo bih look like thriller
 stg if i dont smoke a fat ass bell in the next hour or 2 ima go crazy
 when im not here does anyone miss my secondhand smoke 
 all my backwoods smokers gone fuck with these shirtcrewneckshoodies once they all set and done
 i have the craziest dreams when i dont smoke.
 you dont want no smoke  you dont want no cancer 
 when i cannot see words curling like rings of smoke round me i am in darknessi am nothing.  virginia woolf amwriting amreading writing
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1330 nanticoke street baltimore  send message. 
 got a bottle weed and nothing to do 
 wanna smoke some meth
 people passin faster than im passin weed my daddy tell me  stay strong  son and be the man you have to be
 bro theyre so cute i just wanna hug them  honestly me too... i wanna smoke this weed yeah me too
 if they dont come out for 2 am smoke sessions then dont keep em
 37mm signaling kit  smoke grenade flare 37 mm  other collectible guns at  
  good lil change up rt @keythatrackstar istg im tryin not to smoke no more shit kinda tough
 @goobiekr im sure trumpadoodledoo loves his ganja doe
 funny because my mom knocks on my door and say youre dad needs weed haha he needs to sleep tonight.  i got you dad
 dangerouswomantour barack hussein obama smokes crack cocaine
 the most interesting year of my life yet was my nysc year. i had no worries. wake. smoke. eat. party. sleep.   thank you nigeria
 go smoke a cig i guess but that garage colder than a muuhfuckin igloo
 drippin on first friday  and im smoken dat loud in public  @ downtown las vegas fremont 
 these babies get marinated for 5 days  smoked  grilled and sliced thin to make our marconi street beef sandwich. 
 @kellermatt whats on the smoker
 checked @ericchurch off my bucketlist last night and holy smokes its a first but not last thank you for a solid 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 if you familiar with full of smoke by christion. we can be friends.
 saturday lunch calls for some of our famous smoked wings. try the alabama white sauce flavor.  
 what the hell was in emilio estevez weed that made him get so hype thebreakfastclub
 @domderosa24 happy birthday brother keep grinding man people dont even know the bond we got man smoke one for me a 
 im at @zuckersbagels amp smoked fish in new york  ny 
 @badeddie13 but a gun kept him from killing anyone. smoke on that for a while
 and at 11 am this morning shalani told my dad i amoke weed 
 if you dont weed out the wrong people from your life  youll never meet the right ones. find people that feed you and not just need you.
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 you dont even smoke tho 
 most of us brough our own dope and we down to smoke  
 @rciaschini @cigargentcv66 @cigarchairman @robustobabe @hnjad @paradigmpres @pistolcliff @jcfromva @nhale1300 @dawg222jamie great smoke
 getcho hoe ass up and smoke 
 u guys ever wake up and your breath tastes like weed
 yo you telling me i smoked so much yesterday i had no idea @patmcafeeshow was retiring .
 i just wanna roll this weed and smoke it with a young tinderoni
 why do people think its cool to show off that you smoke
 people who brag about drinking and driving every weekend are always the same people who look down on anyone whos ever smoked marijuana
 @drivebycumshot @aaronsmom6212 hahahah im dying. lets all smoke a blunt later. okay okay.
 slowly gotta start cutting down the weed intake.
 a patient called in and asked if we sell weed at our pharmacy..... no.... i referred him to weed maps 
 i wanna smoke
 lmao this lady i used to work with is 65 years old and she still goes out to bars and drinks and parties and smokes weed i loooove her 
 i smoke to escape the harsh realities of this cold world we....  ion know but i find that statement funny everytime i say it
 lmfao stop they probably smoked crack 
 @realdonaldtrump this is smoke and mirrors right what are you really doing
 when your not in ya city and run out of weed 
 my brother bought us a 6 pack  pack of smokes and a cask of we dont care   dunerats
 station 2 responding to cornelius for a smoke odor inside  21320 block of nautique blvd  use caution amp yield to responding units moveover.
 im just not gonna smoke til i move back home cus uh these mfs taxin
 what would possess someone to think let me put some weed on my square nigga that square cancels out the weed
 im high afffff but who cares where the weed men at 
 nobody tryna cypher or sell me weed like wtf
 holy smokes what a brodeurian cartwheel  two pad stack save by martin jones.
 late night smoke sesh with my cousin are my fav
 wish i had my own place so i could smoke inside whenever
 its about that time... rainy day in eugene  smoke sesh at home or go out lets hear it oregon @jslounge
 finna smoke this dank and forget about my problems
 trynna smoke
 i smell like a walking cigarette amp i didnt even smoke
 who selling weed and is in town  
 i needed a weed jar so i went and bought a jar and then i was like maybe i can decal this  
 with marijuana legalization  a new problem sprouts how to test for high drivers 
 clean sheets lasted exactly 34 hours before i spilled weed all over them.
 i smoke loud in the shower
 strawberrydaiquiri smokeybones  @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  colonie  ny 
  | new marijuana law under attack in massachusetts
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 i smoke only cagefree cigarettes
 i smoke too much   my girl wouldnt like that.
 bro dont smoke no more lol   ill match tho 
 you wish you could smoke like me
 homemade brunch  smashed avocado with feta and lime topped with smoked salmon on toast brunch 
 you could smoke a few woods then do all dat. 
 several fire depts battling large warehouse fire in cicero. building was abandoned. smoke can still be seen for mil 
 bro do u smoke weed
 @pookiedaslave same  but just the weed
 mom  next time yall decide to smoke pot in the car   please just be mindful amp roll down the windows.. 
 oh man mi luvvvvvv to smoke 
 imma quit smoking weed 
 when im the age of retirement ima have to move to my home country of italy and just smoke and chill
 lmao why sis always tryna get em   get smoked nigga
 time to smoke my lights out
 @bmpearce smoke a bleez and paint some happy little trees
 niggas got ph.ds in marijuana 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  fire up to this
 this aint no weed  im tooo high
 then he tells me the weed i have some co workers and i dropped so i cant like nigga why you tellin me
 like i dont wanna fuck lets smoke some weed and figure out how to stack a dollar together
 people passin faster than im passin weed
 i always wonder why people flaunt that they smoke weed
 all louisville niggas do is snapchat  smoke  and eat indis
 id rather spend my money on weed than hookah any day. yall niggas be tripping
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1555 lochwood rd  send message. 
 @nycdeb8tr @iowatrump clinton was way worse she hadnothing2 beginwith smokeampmirrors falcons have good team 2get there ranout of gas
 i guess i love her like pussy  money  weed
 @adoremilli lol smoke one for me today millie and bob  onelove
 ever since me and my boyfriend broke up my folks keep asking me if i been crying. like calm ive just been smoking hella weed
 all he do is smoke you out    amp give you meat  bitch you dating a bbq grill 
 maybe you were used to smoking weed laced with a dab of crack and you aint getting your daily dosage 
 cant tell what type of building is on fire near clayton40 while driving by  but heavy smoke in the area. lots of 
 she dont smoke cigarettes  and i dont wear cheap cologne.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 28002818 eastern avenue baltimore  
  imy beautiful hope you get the job lol and hope you been doing good  stay out of trouble and hmu to smoke some soon
 i need to put on some clothes and go get some weed. gotta stop being lazy
 i need a mobile weed guy
 you smoke by the ounce  bitch i smoke by the pound
 u see im  gettn money nah u wanna b ma bro nah   u want ah sip of lean. u wanna smoke dope na
 5x super bowl champion 4x super bowl mvp 7 super bowl appearences 2x reg season mvp  1 smoke of a wife how do u even argue it goat
 teacher said i smell like weed and now its the talk of class 
 me if i ever sold weed  
 @connorharmon25 ill smoke down with some aliens for sure 
 you walked into a smoke filled room  little black dress and mamas shoes
 we need to bribe robby with more smokes in order to clean himself up well also take clothing donations 
 havent smoked no weed since wednesday  my body is having withdrawals
 ahh the familiar scent of avc in the morning.  its weed. definitely weed.
   me and @itsdonperrion just made a new one. smoke somethin.  cashoverclout smartmouf
 @mujaydin im losing to people that i smoked on the daily like what happened the day i got kicked out changed me but im back tomorrow
 man yall mustve smoked some good stuff cause that hit me when i opened the door.
 thank god im seeing ganja white night at okeechobee so i dont have to go to u street
 someone smokes in any anime ever me
 i need to smoke just to exhale
 first scrimmage in early tonight and i got smoked. this season is gonna be long.
 when i hung up she was like bye smokey
 if you buy these you might as well eat the weed dry 
 people gotta smoke that shit on the strip without getting caught and all the current pens are pssysht uberride
 yo give me the pen continues to smoke weed in the restaurant
 if u eat weed amp then have spicy food youll get high quicker
 i go outside but i be w my friends and they dont even like sitting in niggas face  we smoke or go out .
 will never join @marriott rewards. they are discriminating against smokers. yeah @hilton n @ihg  for having smoking friendly hotels
 50 percent sea  50 percent weed
 someone wanna smoke meowt  broke til pay day lol
 my blunts smoke so nice.  facts
 one bowl smoke seshs are offensive and a waste of my time
 all that @reaganponder does is smoke amp tell me i need a lightskin
 last pack of smokes. its lit.
 im broke til i get paid and cant afford weed so im in my room standing up too fast on the bed shit got me faded
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and take shots with the same annoying ass person for the rest of my lyfe
 ive thought about being sweet to you so youd let me smoke some of your weed  
 blah blah blah im sad we lost carlton bragg smokes weed and i have a stick up my butt 
 i just saw something about cannabis infused tampons... cramps what are thoooose.
 or when the weather gets nice. ppl get excited to be with their significant other and im like wow its perfect to smoke outside with shorts
 @j3sssz girl aint it weed world in sc
 cory baxter really be rapping about hoes and weed now  so awkward.
 come over and smoke with me
 @reallucasneff dude  there is no way i could smoke enough kush to even hear the peeresidents voice for more the 15 seconds at best
 @presssec @potus make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message msg
 if you dont weed out the wrong people from your life  youll never meet the right ones. find people that feed you and not just need you.
 why are you smoking a banana cause smoking weed is illegal
 just weed 
 i want to see a hard core gang banging ego drowned mf smoke some dmt be the funniest shit ever
 robart has to be eatingthosekind of brownies  again.or its just a  pale of smoke clouding his mental capacity  
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  keep sharing the new wave
 it makes no sense to ban cannabis billboards and advertising. meanwhile  liquor and tobacco ads are everywhere... and they both kill people.
 ive thought enough about trump for the day. now i just want ganja and listen to progressive deep house. maybe some reggae.
 huge cannabis farm discovered within grounds at legoland 
 @betterduck try looking at tags this time... 100 organic cotton  rayon  tensel  hemp are biodegradable but polyester isnt
 my criminal justice professor said weed either makes you hungry or sexy
 veteran crew of refs  mccaskey  vs hemp field ll boys
 money amp weed 
 been waiting 4 yrs for @theofficialct to be back on @mtv the challenges and smoke the fools they put in front of him. legend
 aint smoke a joint in 6 months. fk round and burned a nail
 dude i just wanna smoke a beer right now
 joel is the ganja king of my dreams  santaclaritadiet
 i cant wait to move to my new room ima smoke tf out my room
 @daiiyfire why is fucking young ma and rich the kid on the list but carti banks smokepurrp and others are pitches smh
 the amount of weed i find under my bed is ridiculous.
 i wanna smoke cant sleep 
 i think this is an example of how empire ruined some of the ideas in the bible  read exodus and look at mannaits marijuana biblestudy
 while smoking what if you farted and smoke came out
 how did five grams of weed magically disappear out of my fucking room.
 need someone to smoke this blunt with tired of facing blunts
 45 minutes after we lose the am i find out my teammate was baked on 2 pounds of weed.
 2nd day sober feelin like i need to smoke a zip  this shit ez thoe 
 dope and weed
 is weed legal in vegas this lady next to be is lighting it up at the bus stop in front of errrrbody. vegasnights contact 
 @mentalfloss wed give away weed...but wed be broke. 
 you bitches are no fun lol smoke break
 happy birthday bby ily i hope you have a great day. we can chill soon amp ill smoke your bday blunt w you @brookeeguess
 i swear  weed sellers should be giving out w2 forms to their customers. 
 dan landes people are already gathering in view of children to smoke  having an isolated location is better because its lessening exposure
 and i cant smoke backwoods in a uber so i drive myself.
 ourgovernment needs to smoke some weed  calm the fuck down 
 box of dutch   box of magnums  running right through it all we do is smoke and fuck  smoke and fuck
 i need to find out if this nigga smokes so i have an excuse to invite him over.
 im tryna pass time until the weedman get here
 lunch for the day avocado and smoked salmon toast cleaneating healthyliving foodie 
 just gathered 23 in change for weed...
 damnn i just realized i havent smoked today.. that explains alot lmao
 austin theyre gonna be really strict about getting medical marijuana in ohio. you cant just say my back hurts legacy ill break my leg
 @thekidet @aaronmesh looks like a cigar for a fingernew way to smoke the competition
 i know its time to smoke when i start getting really aggravated
 she just wanna smoke and fuck
 unlicensed medical marijuana patient
 i go to open mics to smoke cigarettes with the occasional comedy break
 part of paris metro disrupted by electrical fault  smoke police  via @reuters
 if we  as a cannabis supporting community  want change in our laws. we need to win the hearts and minds of prohibit 
 i need a connect for marijuana
 i have a shirt that always smells like marijuana like even when i wash it  and ive never smoked in it
 i only smoke weed because my mom doesnt like me to omgparentsaresolamesometimes
 @jeffpassan @abc30 hes a weird dude. straight edge. needs to drink beers and smoke weed to mellow out. weedsaveslives @realdonaldtrump
 i need me a shorty like felicity smokes. type of shorty that knows shes smarter than me and is willing to educate me on the unknowns
 @trifitology @huffingtonpost @iamsambee yup and sanders didnt get smoked by cruz keep doing gods work and the gop will get 60 in 2018
 @peterkretzman trump should spent half the time praying to root out inner weeds as he does weeding out opponents. bad
 @benmaller any way we can ban bullshit talk in ny its to the point i would rather listen to weed man hippie o god did i just say that
 good weed. good people. good vibes. goodnight 
 snowstorm got my essentials for snow day...beer  smokes  food and more beer
 @chriscuomo trump is not going to say anything  this is just a smoke screen from gorsuch
 i remember the times id wake you up jus to smoke
 we supposed to be snowed in and i dont have any weed.. 
 where marijuana is legal in the us 
 reason  2853 not to smoke  theres snow on the ground and you still choose to go outside and give your lungs cancer.
 should i smoke now or hold off for a little later 
 @mikeps78nfl youre up in mass  arent you some of that legalized weed would go well with the show.
 snowed in smoke a blunt and handle business on the computer that youve been procrastinating on.
 @wemarchbahamas decriminalize possession of small amounts of marijuana. conflict resolution in schools. life senten 
 people will always fucking talk shit about weed  always.
 @cannabisbiznews free ebook a marijuana mystery set in mendocino. 
 @cannabisbiznews @mjbiztraining free ebook a marijuana mystery set in mendocino. 
 @commishonline since we dont pick until 19 we need to screen blazing saddles at draft party to weed out the easily offended
 love how my developmental psych class always smells like someone smoked 4 packs of cigs before they walked in 
 history says the founding fathers were hempfarming theisits that slept with their slaves. dosent get more liberal than that. marijuana
 @barlage17 smoke pot  it cures cancer
 you look like a smoke 
 just woke up bout to smoke so its good 
 my mom so anal about the smell of weed she come amp wash all my clothes..little does she know the smell comin from the loudpack n my shoe box
 you dont want no smoke forreal lol  
 @realmofcaring decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same 
 all the hoopla over @intel investment in arizona is smoke and mirrors. intel had more jobs in arizona in 1980. book it. cc @jontalton
 student your hat smells like weed  my professor smells hat shit
 @senjohnmccain decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same
 me and my nigga was just having the conversation about how everybody wanna smoke good but dont wanna pay for good shit
 @johnharper holy smokes that is awesome.
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 really want to smoke a blunt and go back to sleep
 @kurteichenwald isnt all this a smokescreen hiding business conflict of interest   lack of transparacy that is now relegated to back pages
 the smoker   art illustration 
 almond  soy  oat  hemp  cashew  etc can be used for milk and i cant believe im even commenting on this post as if 
 discover new depths of pleasure with the 1st cannabis suppository formulated for allnatural sensual enhancement amp comfort during anal play.
 it begins tonight have fun smoke smokewillrise 
 educate yourself on why cannabis is illegal 
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying just smoke by mumfordampsons cubevenue
 im not the weed man i dont sell weed cause there not a nigga i trust  @dizzywright icantellyouneededit
 first day with customers on the bus.  oh  you know felicia yeah she smokes crack and does soboxone nice felicia..
 this why rowan pope started b613 and smoked everyone  
 i havent smoked a cig in over 2 years nice
 fuck nigga u dont want no smoke u dont want no cancer 
 @jesus pot weed green mary jane good notevil buds buddy buddies smoke herb green eat green bongs alchemy
 i cant breathe anymore is it the ganja
 nothing is worse then getting smoke in your eyes
 when u cant smoke in a rental van 
 pandalicious @ wildwood smokehouse amp grill 
 i thought @speakerryan wanted to help the poor. oh  its all smoke and mirrors. republicans 
 meanwhilebackattheranch egg north carolina still has no access and no equal opportunity to cannabis 
 this question is hilarious. who even smokes hookah in 2017 
 we grew up in an age where it was drilled into our minds not to smoke weed because it is a gateway drug and now it is legal 
 this is really awesome  fast  brutal  marijuana induced  trailer park boys shitbarometer grindcore check it out. f 
 ill never understand people who can drink like a mf fish but wont smoke weed. what sense does that make
 having no weed while ur snowed inltltlt
 @angelc1107 @elijahyats right bro like its weed my nigga lmao i aint never had some shit like that happen off jus smokin
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5626 sagra road baltimore  send message. 
 lol u dont even smoke thoe  
 can i count on @repgregwalden to support @danarohrabachers states rights marijuana bill
 @slyazafox cars and smoke way different my man lol
 @nicolecritestv wearing green to promote a marijuana dispensary story. love it  but shouldnt this story have been at 420
 girls  all night girls  all night girls  all night girls  all night its a zip party all you can smoke 
 free smoke .
 if lip gallagher asked me to smoke a fatty and fuck bc he got dissed by another girl i would probably beat him to his dorm
 we are about to finally legalize weed in  this is going to generate tons of revenue for our provinces amp the feds too org crime is toast
 lil pump and smokepurpp the shit
 one time i smoked weed and i got stuck in the zone for about 2 hours and my senses were ridiculous.
 @bravotv  holy smokes.  so hooked on this show already.  watched it twice.  great show.  looking forward to the season.
 my mom asked if i do drugs. i dont im healthy i smoke my broccoli... well sometimes.
 who tryna smoke when i get off.
 if you are going to smoke and post it on snapchat  please make sure you inhale that shit 
 i told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 breaking firefighters are battling a fire on the 15th floor of a downtown hotel at 200 block of state st. heavy smoke reported.
 im just ready to get to the shop smoke a blunt and get my mind right
 if i could wear mud masks  watch netflix amp smoke blunts all day amp still be productive i would
 hmmmm what shade of black to wear to smoker
 i wish i still smoked all these new swishers coming out an shit
 fire in burlington. heavy smoke coming from office building on north service rd west of burloak. 
 also  yall need to go listen to that brand new smoke n drive by my 
 guess ill drink the rest of this drink   smoke and go to bed
 if weed controls u aint no telling wats next
 so what we get druuuuunk so what we smoke weeeeeed we just havin fuuuuun weon care who seeeeeees
 my mom gave me some trash weed today didnt even get me stoned
 lifes short smoke a port on a porch...
 i hate smelling ppl fu ass weed in house parties
 had a shitty night lets smoke a blunt instead
 that 70s show started having a smoke sesh  so we joined in 
 people passing faster then passing weed .. 
 sex. cigarettes. amp. weed
 well clearly you dont need to smoke if you on a date lol 
 i get over shit ... then smoke amp start thinking bout it amp get mad all over again lmao
 easy to skip a piece like this that gets in the weeds of diplomacy and doesnt explicitly drum up outrage. dont 
 @mlarsen24 happy bday pretty girl smoke one for me 
 our house is the definition... of alcohol and weed addiction @mikemymb @dustinsutter
 im smoking every weed in the world when i get home
 hot smoked salmon sliders  delicious barrelandbushel 
 i need to smoke 
 @martinsaisha i think the weedsquach beats him out in light of recent activity
 @cosmopolitan why are you allowing the mother to smoke while taking the ultrasound
 im an og and that og all i smoke
 every time i smoke with jefe he takes my lighter 
 i smoke and get so mg sleepy
 gonna smoke this last j and crash. night friends  @toptiertatas @selfshotsdaily @thepantypanther @luvlita 
 uber driver said the weed i was smoking smell good.. my apologies 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 hold up  let me smoke this blunt and then well grub
 been up since 530  havent eaten an entire meal and havent smoked once. yeah thats why i feel like shit. gn
 hes talking about smoking weed. i like this man
 went downtown on the river tonight shit was perfect wish we wouldve had some weed though that was my bad lol
 imma just smoke and watch anime
 kyles smoke detector wouldnt shut the hell up  so i ripped it outta the ceiling and threw it outside. good night.
 @cnn putting weed in limes doesnt make the weed lime green lol
 she wan smoke my dope  let her smoke my dope
 when youre with a dominican you smoke hookah at 10 am 
 its crazy bc i have weed rn but i dont wanna roll it bc its trash i got finessed
 i cant believe smoking weed is illegal and white people wearing durags isnt
 @blessed23 happy birthday my boy...proud of you...came a long way...enjoy your day smoke 
 bruh ill really give you a sweet head kick combo if you snoke my weed again 
 niggas say they dont like girls that smoke. i say niggas that dont like girls that smoke can smoke a dick in they mouff  pussy
 the 2nd floor smells like bad cooking and old lady perfume...id rather have it smells of weed 
 i dont get mad i just get paid  i been smoking weed since 5th gradeyoungdolph
 why the fuck do people smoke cigs 
 anybody wanna smoke or something i need some entertainment
 hahaha i thought you just said the only thing you did was smoke weed screwed yourself there 
 of course if a mf smoke 7 blunts a day they gon be stupid
 if she doesnt eat right or workout but she smokes amp drinks. let that go
 bouta smoke this l and watch shameless
 imma finish my room take a shower and smoke 
 i agree. no more smoke. 
 and they get smoked today... what a day 
 who tryna smoke  ncat
 wow weed is mad commercial lol
 my jacket from last night still smells like weed
 i get my own money    smoke my own weed amp dont fw nobody 
 happyi  weed sipping  
 and im going to grow the dankest weed and come back and put carson city on some real shit
 i dont smoke  or drink. sober mind..
 buy it  break it  roll it  light it  smoke it  inhale it  im gone
 did he smoke weed
 it smells like weed outside my house 
 i got 3 ppl who hmu to smoke amp im going take all 3 up on their offer 
 wow im getting good grades  workin amp smoking all the weed i want. im finally the person ive always wanted to be 
 already lil sis. ill pull up this weekend n smoke ya out 
 nah but i smoked a blunt of that arlington kush last night... 
 its aint like midnight and cigarette smoke
 ol dude would t let me smoke a cigarette in his car the other night cause hes trying to stop smoking em 
 the best rapper in atlanta and some fan who allegedly smokes penises 
 lets smoke this beer @zskiles
 why do i always get so fucking depressed after i smoke weed. like im lit for a little while and then i crash 
 forever sneakin out in my robe to smoke my night ciggy
 fucc the grammys              im tryna smoke a grammy
 when all your coworkers smoke and some bitch named trish is the company snitch
 cause bros wanna get cuffed up so imma need to find new people to smoke w 
 @chrishockley @domvapower same on ellen ave in falls church. and anybody elses smoke detector chirping
 she just wanna chill with me and smoke up all my weed  so i rolled up summa that moon and that bitch when straight to sleeep  starlito
 who wanna swoop me n hang out n smoke kush
 this smoke sesh after practice is about to be heaven 
  wheres your nigga dweeb  amp ion smoke no more  
 @jaxonalexander the word alivethe hounds of anubis  play the victim  2012  smoke monster  life cycles  to struggle and claw my way
 @howyoudrouin weed
 @neeuqcmnadroj but i need the weedssss
 i know my favorite 4 fans do smoke that stuff just like @snoopdogg and @mileycyrus  @willienelsonfam  
 purple weed  purple drank  purple heart sargent. im the best rapper in the game no arguing.
 giving up weed for a while is probably the best thought that came through my brain
 lingo up telling us about the time quavo kicked him out his room just so him amp takeoff could smoke for da first time 
 ice for the bong  so my smoke is chilled shit  i burnt my first joint to cypress hill  for real
 i had 2 roll his weed up mfs just irritated my soul 
 i really wanna smoke rn.
 bottom line trump is not qualified. trump uses fear and hate to mask incompetency. all other issues are just smoke and mirrors. bantrump.
 anyways  time to smoke 
 1130  idk if ima smoke i really dont want to 1145  fuck im stoned
 would have started weeds a lot earlier if i knew hunter parrish was in it
 you tryna netflix and chill but im tryna smoke sesh amp bool with you
 rounds of @craftdistillers low gap whiskies  brilliant live music amp 5 course dinner with this fantastic smoked stu 
 i cant believe i hated weed for so long
 i wish i cld smoke me a phat ass blunt of that pressure 
 i smoke to survive
 there will be smoke in the mtf city 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 i actually dont like trap music while i smoke. throw on some mellow shit please.
 i cant sleep so imma hit the weed real quick
 somebody come over amp smoke
 @sarahksilverman weed will also  sparingly  be involved. writing and production
 secondhand smoke definitely triggered my asthma when i was a kid. 
 people using medical marijuana drink less and gobble fewer pain pills @alternet 
 fav if you wanna go to pf w me  i have the black card and ill smoke you down afterwards
 i smoke a lot of weed
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 @bryanfj @wolfblitzer @cnnpolitics @cnn @ananavarro @donlemon dont matter you aint about smoke  youre a  with a parody account
 i like a girl that smoke so we never on that sober shit.
 holy smokes batman  talk about a saturday lineup 
 i wont smoke meth until the new @tool album comes out. i mean i dont do meth nor will i  but this is my stance. ball is in your corner now
 i just ate a weed brownie and omg 
 ima need sum cannabis infused chocolate covered strawberries
 hoes getting xd out and we on ganja
 fucc the swishers and dutches i only smoke wood.
 ok...trumps modus operandi is to create a diversion cause hes a loser...some big smoke coming tomorrow after this
 shannons man always wants to smoke me out . hes a keeper 
 if you dont have me on snap add me  beware i post a lot of weed and food amp bullshit so if that annoys you dont @ivyyyy.v
 shouldnt have smoked
 need to smoke
 nicki just turned me off smoking weed  eye am not here for it 
 in the weeds sin at acehotelpittsburgh w eyejay. livemusicpgh @ ace hotel pittsburgh 
 me  lets go outside amp smoke dannie  whatre you gonna tell your dad also me  bye lol
 he even mentions its a port charles legend do these writers smoke a lot of crack gh lnsoaptweets 
 @ggnblackboy u aint gon smoke shit mfs a be in dallas wit real killas not my otf niggas
 guess im up now sense that weed had me comatosed. happy valentines day.  give that nigga you been curving some  finally.
 who wants to smoke some love nugs tomorrow
 @fiftytwobook blackberry smoke at santander performing arts center may 13  2017  
 @brianestrella yeah this nigga use to smoke cigarettes at the age of 11 smh lol
 i pray during the purchase of marijuana to produce a thought while smoking for when smoke is needed for others.
 dmvlituations @dmvlituations presents seductionsaturdays @ ove lounge 1853 7th street wdc 2000118 to smoke hoo 
 @kaylaaedwardss @finemaltoddball its a big ass smoke circle
 i really feel like me not smoking weed the reason i been down bad mentally i need my werd
 bitch i dont need a valentines i got me some weed
 needa smoke
 pretty sick of hrc to tweet this out  @realjmannarino. seems rather like there is more than smoke over the pizza.
 sb333 new to amend arkansas constitution  amendment 98 and to ban use of medical marijuana in food and drink u... 
 i need a girlfriend who gonna be able to sit back and smoke a half wit me 
 @kassidykitkat mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @prettyirene mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @yourdailywcw mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @reeseymuney mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @xlovej0nes mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @iamdhawk mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 i just want a full tank amp weed amp ill be happy 
 mercedes metris front doors rear windows factory smoked  llumar ceramic ctx 30 lifetime nationwide warranty 
 @coleyoley13 mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @teezybeatzbang mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @xteirraaaa mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 210 n clinton st  items dumped in 
 whats that smell bus edition is it mcdonalds chicken nuggets  or is it weed vote on your phones now
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 10 south smallwood street baltimore  send mes 
 does anyone know how to obtain very cheap but good cannabis as medicine in ontario or canada im very ill and can not afford these prices
 i just wanna smoke all day tbh
 for my birthday  ill be accepting weed as gifts
 every time i smoke its like im speaking to god. 
 @abraham981 the oa  the boss  longmire  the red road  weeds
 btw it aint never been cool to eat weed
 @hideyoshispinx its a civil right to have cannabis
 you smoke mid. 
 cannot wait to smoke amp chill
 who tf got some weed in grand prairie
 that face when your doctor refers to weed as a batch
 @jamesbonet @fzaman93 @senschumer  looking at individual cases is not oversight  its managing.  schumer is in the weeds.
 leakers of classified information should be weeded out tried and imprisoned. 
 i all but forgot yesterday was valentines day bc weed lmao
 he look @ me amp see the mother of his seed .. but only when he sober so he gotta keep his weed
 i smoke everyday amp i still got straight as 
 @realdonaldtrump  the radical leftists in the government need to be weeded out. drain the swamp.
 i needa smoke 
 just saw someone on a corner with a sign soliciting weed instead of money....at least hes honest whatatimetobealive
 bitch buy me weed amp give me free rides
 txtm on the move today. government just approved medical marijuana in south africa.
 wish i had unlimited weed 
 drug catapult and 47 pounds of weed found at u.s.mexico border. see moregt abc13 
 @rt061 check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @sincityww check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 jus wanna smoke a blunt with @rihanna that would be nice 
 goofed off taking photos today while my family thought i went to smoke weed amp got kidnapped  
 @paigelegault i dont want to see a weedless paige 
 my roommate started talking to her weed. im screaming.
 is it just me or does weed smell its dankest when your walking around in public and get a wiffffffff
 i just wanna smoke weeed  someone pls lemme smoke weed with u. i have money   
 i dont even smoke like that amp this made me mad lol 
 dear lord  thank you for marijuana 
 where da weed at 
 my parents think bc i smoke weed that in a lost cause im getting my education and work my ass off i think ill be okay
 @ryan1701e @bn9 good point who knows... the beans could taste like smoked salmon well  actually that may still be gross. 
 fuc it i want to smoke a cigarello
 wasting all that weed on top  its gonna fall off once the paper gets burned 
 fuc it i want to smoke a cigarello
 you want smoke with me  on my deddyyyyyy you aint reddyyyyyyy 
 these last two days have been so shitty  cant wait to be off and smoke an ounce
 booman weed had me knocked out for helllas 
 d.c smoke is a whole different monster 
 @phenylketo3 @coreysighsoften @egaintn @davidfrum tho if theres more fire than smoke it needs to come out. if rs bury it then ic can leak
 @tyfood lmao fuck that no smoke emoji got me crying
 someone smoke me up
 straight up i need a smokefuck buddy.
 when she funny smart and pretty but smokes cigarettes 
 i aint smoke all day 
 i miss smokey ugh
 i never could understand how people look so smoked out but now i know
 just got arrested and the officer said our weed was dank
 i didnt make it to your shown but are you tryna smoke @iamjojo
 picture @ two brothers smoked meats 
 when i smoke this blunt im gone forget you 
 @tierraunique lmao its gone feel weird when you smoke again and yeah wic clutch af cause that milk high dab
 lay up smoke and watch a little tv..
 took like an hour to smoke a blunt hell no 
 who else you know can smoke a half pound in 7 days nigga
 powder your nose love smoke if you want to  put your feet in the water the city belongs to you
 these little girls only want your attention  time amp money i just want your mind  some conversation amp a little weed 
 @1800prix i dont even smoke bro 
 i smoked a ton of weed and im watching viedeodrome in bed. dont tell me i dont know what fun is.
 get cash get cash and they go smoke  i be on another level  differentworld @kinglilg ft 
 me thinks i smell weed me do you smell weed everyone nah me never trusts sense of smell again
 the best part of being in a relationship is all of the shared weed and food.
 anyone got a ganja white night ticket for sale slept on tickets.
 the homie skima coming thru with that smoke in a pinch. cash me outside lol
 @puropinchehyphy thank u bro we gotta turn up 2 celebrate  smoke eaters and heem
 i didnt smoke today. thats an accomplishment.
 they looking at a lung transplant... he healthy he go to the gym. i promise you the cravings will go away. just smoke a joint 
 someone send food and weed emergency 
 catapult used to launch 47 pounds of marijuana over the usmexico border seized 
 love me a @concaveboard.  i sliced a smoked tri tip for supper last night and the juices just pool in the middle. 
 417 in california im wit baby j countin up and smokin this cali weed ya digg
 lemme just smoke this and get my coffee and go about my work day lol 
 eat an apple every morning and smoke some broccoli every afternoon 
 i shouldnt have smoked 
 @robustobabe @godfadr @rlilly1018 @xavier9281 @cigarsbourbond would be a sweet win and great smoke
 a guy who use to smoke pcp to the point of handicapping himself told me how it was used in the vietnam war to control soldiers amp make them..
 i can find no other reason but to believe that this resolution is a smokescreen to target muslims in south dakota  
 do you smoke crack what drugs are you on no one is fading except you  
 i feel like a 5 yr old that smoked crack for the first time
 can you recommend anyone for this job class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 cant smoke or drink for 72 hours i think this is going to be the most sober i ever been 
 i sleep good amp smoke good erryday b 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 18001816 barclay st  
 made a joke about weed yesterday now i have a random drug test 
 @theestallion my weed the only gas im on.
 @dispatchula @thebpdshow there actually isnt evidence of collusion. im all about using this against them  but its all smoke
 can you smoke an riiiiidee with a player like me and youuu
 sonnnnn with some weed  xans  amp shrooms lets gooooo   
 aight whos growing weed in hepner
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e ...httpst.cocl7ariurni
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 139 s catherine st  trash in yard. 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 114 south catherine street baltimore 
 cleared construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e  southern state...
 i rather drink alcohol over smoke weed any day 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   brownsville  tn
 yous will still have shitty weed  
 bitch the cheapest drug is weed where tf you buying your one dollar dime bags @ 
 im mad good at breaking weed up w my fingers
 working on a @rockypatelcigar 15th anniversary.  one of rockys best smokes imho.  nowsmoking 
 teacher people smoke cigarettes after smoking weed right  students no  teacher oh i heard its good to do that you should try it
 anybody wanna smoke this blunt with me
 i always feel so stupid when i think someones so innocent then i find out how much they drink or smoke or fuck like wth . 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 819 bonaparte ave  send message. 
 neighbors knockin on the door asking can we turn it down i say aint no music on she said naw that weed is loud
 u smoke that 
 hella gas being smoked in 2012 tonight
 i was tryna smoke up after work but nobody fucking with me
 16x32 16x26 vintage indigo hemp ethnic textile decorative throw pillow case. 
 well lemme smoke a blunt   im getting restless ...
 i wish we could smoke in our rooms. i wanna lay in my bed and smoke without having to remove my bonnet or put on pants and shoes.
 it really doesnt lol you must dont smoke out enough girls to come up with this theory  
 holy smokes what a almost full court buzzer beater shot by shaq carr at the half
 really pretty garden space  enjoyed the brightness of it and the break from the constant smoke 
 seems like im the only one trying to smoke  chill and enjoy the night.  where every body at 
 round 3 lowe vs. fire amp smoke aparecido vs. big black cat fabiano vieira vs. honey hush. ironcowboy
 some guy i was semi talking to asked me to stop smoking weed... fuck out of here with that crazy ass shit
 i dnt smoke..... 2mins nah lemme hit that
 and now i need weed.
 mainstream media his media is the enemy bs is appalling  but its a smokescreen. dont fall for it. russian influence is the only story.
 yall non snorters  non smokers  non sippers get the fucc up out here bitch 
 someone give me a ride home from 16 and gratiot. ill throw you gas money and smoke you out
 rather smoke than drink tbh
 you been a real veteran  you hit with if i got sum money and sum weed im happy as a mf  
 waking up from a weed coma is the wildest shit ever lmao
 i smell like fire smoke
 i just dont get why he says things like that. if youre gonna blow smoke out your ass like that at least be vague so you have cover.
 inconsideraterude smokers are the worst. if you want to slowly kill yourself be my guest but do it outside away from me. leave me alone.
 juss wanna smoke amp lay up 
 so far i have fallen completely in love with denver but its so off putting to see people smoking weed so casually
 really not tryna smoke an optimo
 @greenhousenyt @normeisen that was all smoke and mirrors @potus never meant he was going to really drain the swamp
 room smells like weed mom it smells good in here me 
 green leaves coated with thc produce smoke @currensyspitta
 all i wanna do is smoke a mf cigarette but ive had 4 in the last 40 days so its taking everything in me not to 
 i love all yall  dm me more lets chill and bring more free weed and edibles lol 
 im boutta start ordering my own fucking weed again.
 me when @sydneyalyse15 wants to smoke a cig in between times lol 
 i wish i was cool enough for people to offer me weed so that i could use these 
 just want to smoke a blunt and cuddle
 im about to smoke weed for the 1st time in forever. how long until i have a panic attack and die
 too much drama im just tryna smoke
 we smoke on that load amp we sit amp we talk every time we roll arounddd
 nigga tryna go out  have a good time  drink my beers smoke my weed amp my nigga i bring wanna start fights and shit always fucking something
 when i get my own place i will smoke in it but not dutches or back woods  bowl packs only
 my manager just told me to go smoke one 
 who got smoke 
 i need a girl friend that can smoke as much as me. i dont have one that can keep up 
 ive come to the conclusion that all of california reeks of weed and every other smell in the state is just covering it up
 @krisgriffen ima just smoke it lmao
 america smells of weed  it doesnt even make sense
 if i dont have weed sleep is not a thing
 i remember my plug told me his mom doesnt know he a plug or that he smokes...in the house. he says she doesnt know what weed smells like 
 the smoke wont settle till indictobama indicthillary lockthemup has happened then they can protest at gitm 
 its sunday and the thing im looking forward to the most today is this stella im going to drink and this weed.  not church
 who has wraps come thru and ill smoke you out
 mom why are your eyes so bloodshot   trying to hide the fact i stayed up crying all night    me i was smoking weed
 drink drink  smoke smoke  just to ease the pain
 tell your boyfriend next time hes around to buy his own weed and dont smoke my shit down.
 man i spend about 200300 a week on the smokesi needa stop that shit
 always hiding the weed every argument lmao good thing im stopping. lmao
 these little grinders are just too much work when you smoke this much  cant wait for my @scshredderinc to come in.
 who can bring me a gar ill smoke wit em
 imma make a video series called dominick vs and describe how id smoke various animals. salute @majhatesall and @joe03 for the motivation
 maybe if i learn to sing raspy like ganjasufi  i wouldnt always feel so fucking poopy
 sneakin into servers with smoke like.... netrunner 
 my manager told me to go home and smoke weed because i look sad. i am on my way home
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 3663 chestnut ave  high grass. 
 she dont even smoke but everytime she wit me she be faded
 @fuckassnipples i dont trust people that smoke marlborough reds
 @abauccc in the smoke dude am i trippin
 well... at least our waiter was cool the out of food part though...  @ salt  smoke  @saltandsmokestl 
 @jratm23 @wrongreel @gknout ill admit that my sleep lately has not been the best. new york needs to legalize weed.
 i dead ass have the flu and i am not to smoke cigarettes if you see me smoking anything please run me over
 @theantibrianna smoked turkey. i cant stand pork 
 @patgarrett8841 @reg1776  in rich areas young people smoke the weed oil.i dont know much about it.
 who tryna smoke
 it might be late but im getting at these smoked ribs.
 an 10 a gram aint no gas .. smoke that boof an stfu
 watercress  potato and smoked salmon salad. one of my favs from @gordonramsay pdx 
 in highschool  so many people talked shit about me and my homies smoking.. and now those people smoke openly 
 my jacket and hands smell like weed fuck 
 if i smoke this blunt im gon forget you
 my uncle kicked me out my room so he can smoke tf fam
 what is cannabis essential oil  
 me nor my mammy smoke 
 @meanstreetsoma update a tech room full of computers is the source of smoke  there is no fire.
  if u think weed is bad u must be brainwashed
 when your friends hit you to smoke on them gt lol
 100 smoke free hotel  @ red roof inn cleveland  middleburg heights 
 girls really dont know how to smoke 
 i remember getting plotted on when i use to smoke lmao
 so i dont smoke but of course my friends always try to get me to
 nose cameo by smoke. ghey @ the dam 
 you dont smoke. we bringin out da pressure foo.
 now to smoke one with my brother in law
 we out here @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  tempe 
 really tho who smokes nasty  ass  skunk smelling weed inside a hospital
 im really sleepy but i cant bcz i wanna smoke hookah and eat some snacks  but really i wanna sleep  and do these activities 
 when its raining hard  i just wanna kick back  lay up  listen to music  and smoke with my significant other 
 when you got weed but cant roll 
 high on life at update on cannabis sfba hpna classnext classclinical review for chpn in martinez march 25 
 @johncbolin that you should immediately smoke 420 and watch tim and eric
 colorado town getting a drivethrough marijuana shop 
 lowkey wanna smoke   highkey just wanna sit here
 im so bored and i cant sleep i want to smoke but i dont wanna smoke alone 
 should i smoke the rest of this cigar  
 might stay in the trump tower for one week spray paint all the walls and smoke weed fuck them and fuck yall and fu 
 see the smoke when the sunshines   we will forever be faded on the gold skies 
 then time to kick off another week  and to start burning that smoked sirloin. and the brownie amp 
 if i dont have a smoke before this train ride i think ill literally die
 1.8 mill yes voters legalizing marijuana tired w 160 ma politicians clock blocking @regulatemass @masscann 
 a weedman 
 as soon as the cops start cracking down on marijuana is when i see literally everyone asking to match. tf yo.
 @sethrogen trumps going no where. smoke more weed.
 if my kid comes home smelling like weed im gonna tell him hes a fucking rockstar
 aint monday great @ coal creek smokehouse bbq 
 @scrowder u smoke
 @laykendeleon freshman year carter 4 dropped  niggas was jammin blunt blowin before they even smoked
 ion smoke
 wish i was in atlanta so i could smoke a cig in the bar 
 see i dont wanna be here if i dont gotta.. my weed habit collide to snortin powder
 ive officially gone almost a week without that ganja  whos tryna blaze soon
 meant to only take a one hour nap and im just now waking up  7 hours later... dont smoke weed kids
 i just smoked a zip and made my dad call the cops
 i havent had a legitimate goodnight sleep where i felt well rested since 2012 when i stopped smoking weed
 the future is here  see a weed doctor online  sponsored 
 i use to smoke  the weed until my fingers burned
 everybody smokes weed
 i dont even smoke but i found this funny  
 me and my coworker boutta smoke up some dope in an alleyway
 come out and support the legalization of marijuana in south carolina at the state house at 230 today. we need the support it canwill happen
 heard my gm talking a few weeks ago about cbd being taken away thinking she was talking about cannabis cbd.. nope just cafe based delivery 
 i might miss ya  but watch me smoke this blunt amp forgot ya
 lunch with us meatloaf sandwich with smoked ketchup and onion crisps or meatloaf dinner 7.95 
 i love when i walk into the halls amp it smells like weed 
 pulled pork sandwich with slowroasted pork shoulder  smoker bbq sauce  melted provolone  
 first thing i do today is go to class but this guy walking directly in front of me starts vaping so his smoke is constantly in my face wtf
 @texasstandard i dont know how texas could pass up this chance to make a whole lot of money. its time for marijuana laws to change.
 i used to smoke at work
 havent had weed in my system for 24 hours 
 i feel like thats what you from when you stole all the weed from matt so.. 
 we gotta smoke one more.
 going to the bathroom with your cell phone is this generations smoke break
 @chaeronaea im laughing like an idiot after saying the same outloud in my own weedly voice
 anyone wanna cruise and smoke a blunt 
 mood i wanna lay in bed next to you and smoke a blunt
 these blunts finna be fire af lol i mixed my uncle weed with her uncle weed
 i wanna smoke but no one to smoke with
 need more friends that smokeee
 i dont smoke  drink  nor party... i use to like a year ago. once i started to find myself i let all that go as a start
 id rather have dinner dressed nice with a beautiful woman and sip wine  smoke go to my place then fuck the night away then go to a party.
 baby that pussy too crazy put me to sleep like a baby  i like to smoke w jamaicans
 i wonder if my parents smoked together like we did
 coach walck hemp. players were saying in the huddle  weve been here before confidence of sn from warwick 5 ot game @hempstudsec2017
 it seems like the nicer the temp gets outside  the more our neighbor smokes in his apartment which flows in through our bathroom vents 
 everyone wanna be the plug but no one got the smoke 
 if you haven seen the gorilla smoke a joe at blue bayou your lifes a joke
 just watched my sister on a live video smoke a blunt awesome
 about to smoke a vegan blunt...like wtf is that
 you can tell when a girl smoke by their nails.
 raines farm wagyu beef strip with oxtail  rapini  sweet potato  smoked onion belladines 
 i just had to ask someone what matching is. their profile says anyone just wanna match. apparently its smoking weed. who knew
 writing an essay on why rap is poetry. last week i wrote one on why marijuana should be legalized. interesting
 somebody sell me some damn weed jesus
 the dudes that live across from me and kyle are cheifin literally 247. idk how you can possibly smoke that much  got iron lungs or somn.
 i was like i dont smoke everyone thinks i do because of how laid back i am but it is obviously making her crazy
 rearranging my room and found old writings of mine and weed that i forgot about  lol very successful night if you ask me
 la  wheres the dope smoke
 why do my eyes look like i just smoked a bowl on my break
 private smoke club saturday
 offering 2 grand to any charity if @davedays smokes a blunt with me.. justsaying 
 @damiya but on that weed  
 someone smoke amp get waffle house with me   you paying for own shit tho  famu18 famu17
 what are you doing well im not going outside to chain smoke at 1230 if thats what youre asking
 i aint smoke all day
 q how many times you smoked today 
 @newadultsrevolt @corpsemap when i was maoist everyone i knew was way to neurotic about working out discipline to smoke i didnt last long
 wanna smoke and cuddle
 just smoked weed out of a fireball shooter bottle. feeling extra classy rn
 just smoke break  bae aint giving it up tonight  
 she my weed roller  i got new music out   link in my bio  
 i just smoke and fall asleep to netflix every night
 bro just sent me that new smoke nigga cant fw em  got money on em @tae2187
 not having weed is a problem rn lol
 you know the blunt some gas when u can only smoke half of it
 can i smoke a blunt with @kodakblack1k amp @thebhadbhabie  howboudah
 i really miss my roll dawg denzel   them early morning missions we did just to smoke like fuuuck i miss him 
 since i quit smoking weed my day is going to consist of coffee  cigs  novelas and sleep lol
 only on @nbc2 city of cape coral considering 6 month moratorium on med marijuana dispensaries. will be discussed during april cow meeting
 plans after work  smoke an l and nap 
 i gotta roll this weed amp head to work.
 i had a very realistic dream that i was hanging out and smoking weed with barack obama. needless to say  i woke up very disappointed.
 i set off my smoke alarm making tea. im not fit to adult.
 call your government and voice your opinion on the legalization of cannabis. they work for you  not the other way a 
 spicy. cheesy. smokey. our bacon wrapped jalapeo poppers are smoked amp brushed with our kc sweet bbq sauce. a perfe 
 @daxholt omg my kid would narc on me then add its ok its medical marijuana and my mom has a card.
 coming soon please ask us about medical marijuana as a treatment option for chronic pain   
 this explains our life when we lived together all we did was cook smoke and eat  
 texas lawmaker who filed marijuana decriminalization bill works in room 420 
 want to smoke that blunt
 when people act like they smoke weed to try to fit in but really dont even know what a g is lolol
 rolled and smoked leaves. 
 job interview what skills qualify you for this job flashback of doing vape pen smoke tricks to dubstep drops uhh.. salesmanship
 love walking through clouds of cigarette smoke blessed
 my marijuana prof is so chill.  coincidence  i think not 
 day one no weed successful
 people be fening for weed more than crack wte
 not really. more smoke more mirrors 
 pussy money weed... 
 i need someone who will smoke a blunt in the bath with me
 shameless  smoke  snacks  and sleep is all im on tonight
 when you hit the blunt and the weeed wasnt really weed so in your head you wondering what the fuck was in it 
 drink water amp smoke weed
 is it only 1 weedman in granite city i mean damn
 thinking of getting medical marijuana
 gonna smoke a few blunts when i get home
 @jmartnyt @liberaljaxx 57 holy smokes.....
 havent smoked in 2 days
 yall prolly think i dont do shit w my life but smoke weed but i got 2 varsity letters tho 
 see its been three days since a bitch smoked now i cant even fall sleep
 bc we have both now said goodbye to our toxic exs that stayed around too long. throwback to smoke nights in high sc 
 tf some people saying i sell spice bra wtf my friend got weed trim off the internet for the low and u guys looked at the weed and i sold out
 in 8th grade i got iss for 2 weeks bc i got caught with weed and also got on probation for 2 months 
 @carlsonmaxwell @pgv speaking of grandmothers and marijuana 
 u hardly smoke but u wanna smoke my drugs
 7. you smoke or drink
 @meganshaye smoke some mota  it always helps
 whos got some weed i wanna buy some
 girls who smoke are nasty quite tryna look cute   me bitch aint nobody tryna look cute just tryna get high but ima look cute doing it
 sex  love  and weed thats all i need. thats all anyone needs.
 activism  bad for ya health  acting like you living a life you not for clout  pussy  money  and weed. 
 if i ever die amp yall wanna do something for my birthday.. just have a big ass smoke back
 @jammy14116710 you smoked all that weed 
 do folks still flash their high beams on the opposite side of the road if smokey is up ahead checking for speeders resist
 @zonemadison wisconsin line moved to 7.  they both average in the low 70s. i smoked up in the 70s now i smoke up at any temperature
 tellasadstoryinthreewords lost my weed.. @mooshushu  @hippieoflove
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke
 niggas mad cuz i smoke like a cuban 
 got a sweet visitor on a motorcycle... @ wild side smoke shop 
 seen a guy in manteca with a sign that said need weed. needless to say  i shot him 10 bucks. forthehomie
 should i smoke or 
 have u err been shot b4 id rather smoke a cig then get hot and die hahahaha kennewick idk bout u
 major headache. about to smoke dro to make it feel better.
 protecting trans kids is a states rights issue  but marijuana usage is a federal one the hypocrisy is endless. 
 i was just about to tweet i need to smoke and my nigga came through
 white house hints at marijuana crackdown  
 looks like recreational marijuana is staying illegal and the feds are going to enforce the law. maga @realdonaldtrump
 dont forget  recreational marijuana use is equal to the opiate epidemic  and thats the bottom line  because sean spicer said so.
 i dont do drugs  i just smoke weed everyday 
 wh spox says greater enforcement coming to weed states. my story about what it means for nv  wlots of reactions 
 @realdonaldtrump rec marijuana now a priority dont use  but stick to your knitting. terrorism  immigration  jobs  healthcare. distracted
 conservatives for the legalizing of cannabis
 @patgarrett8841 until you provide some evidence  youre just blowing smoke.
 you smoked  bitch we could have matched one ..i laced you up on my end  you make me sick 
 shes smoke i pull her in nice and slow shes a habit and i cant let go blowing rings around my heart. 
 this feels a lot more like fire than smoke... 
 i really be tweaking sober imagine if i smoked lmao
 bouto get some weed amp take it in
 drink  smoke  shower  smoke 
 lol how do i buy weed is there a weed store
 i reported on harris das decriminalization of minor marijuana possession the latest issue of the @hccegalitarian  
 wow why wont anyone smoke with me
 first things first i love all my niggas smoke smoke jank jank
 low key sleepy low key wanna smoke some more
 idk where i put my weed or bag
 @mrjasonrbrown @rosie and dont they grow like weeds boom 
 @realdonaldtrump is trying to distract the american people because he knows theres fire with all of the russian smoke.
 @deanleysen thoughts on weed
 shout out to the guys who took me amp em into their home  rolled the blunt  and let us smoke in there too. u is real 
 stop the war against pot stop the reefer madness  someone give them a joint 
 i wish i could just smoke a blunt rn i hate this
 today we get to go on our high times tour.  aka the weed bus.
 so @kristilclouds dad just asked how i felt about weed so gave him a thumbs up amp said to her mom yeah.. shes kristils friend alright
 is anyone going to the edible smoke out event today
 a smoke detector is beeping in my house and im being too lazy to get up and changed it 
 @scarcedwriter come smoke and help us paint lmao
 its easy. get rid of the criminals that are accused of victimless crimes. otherwise known as marijuana. 
 dying my hair smokey blue  lets see how this turns out 
 hoya la amistad by aj fernandez  loving this smoke cigar cigars cigaraficionado 
 reyna ass drag so hard lmao i coulda smoked 3 blunts by the time she ready
 first course cured copper river sockeye salmon  beets  smoked yogurt  herb oil  everything 
 the wood smoke better
 im really just fena smoke do hw and sleep 
 i just got home from the gym i just wanna smoke a blunt and shower who bout that life
 bullshit ass weed 
 @lizlemonsquares so i should smoke a bowl first
 @jaynegalt @realdonaldtrump so youre telling me sessions hasnt stated that hes gonna work against weed cuz i know hes against it
 shoot the weedman if the dope aint smoking 
 50 sea 50 weed
 i told kevin if he could find a fake i would literally pay for us to go to cannabis cup but his dumbass wont 
 the fact that i always get my weed delivered no matter what haha im so spoiled
 i roll my weed to ease my mind a little bit
 why cant i find any fucking weed in this stupid town
 shid my squad carry tweezers and smoke the blunt till its ashes amp then smoke the ashes  
 got my weed and my oreo mcflurry  watching rings i hope its scary lol
 if i dont smoke something by the end of the night imma fight someone im so done with the bs
 @farccolombia we can sell weed at the bars.
 @lacrossemom5 smoke wafting
 rl just want someone to smoke with and open up to rn
 the fact that ion even wanna smoke after work no more  i wanna speed home amp crawl under the damn bed 
 chris  is that a weed
 if you not texting me about weed or sex then it can probably wait until tomorrow
 i love bonfires but i hate how you smell like smoke all over afterwards
 top flight craig can i at least smoke a black and mild i gotta hit the store right quick and they know
 so i guess i smoke
 @spacebling @weedhitler hello weedhitler
 ppl give weed the craziest name just to hype it up like  i just copped some eddie guerrero  nigga what...he died 
 havent even got out the car at mardi gras and already got offered weed. portarutherproud
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 who trynna smoke
 so true story.. just went outside to my car to smoke while watching willy wonka and starting lighting up. while this is happening i see two
 still up  still smoken
 im just gonna smoke this blunt and pretend that my anxieties arent trying to eat me alive  wish me luck
 my smoke detector went off at like 330 and here i am still wide awake
 the black sandbox gets the non smoker lady and windmills 
 @cltairport why does your terminal for @americanairlines smell strongly of  cigarette smoke this morning  federalcleanair act violation
 just wanna smoke rn to get my mind off things....
 my tolerance low i gotta smoke 
 i smoke so much the ashes startin to burn on me
 was going to be a good day till i smoker out the whole kitchen
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here milsatcom hemp system engineer   coloradosprings  co
 hey they even try sedate u with valiuminated weed slow u down in a diff way i smell chema to ur candy watch what u feed k
 but yet hanna doesnt do anything but smoke and drink 
 great dipa.  drinking an all hops on deck by @moonrakerbeer @ smoke eaters    photo
 @anildash @davidkharbour this story broke me. heart hurts for his wife  family. the hate has to stop. clear the smoke  break the mirrors...
 i think she just got smoked in the head...
 that weed and liq has me feeling all types of good rn 
 people used to tell me i dont look like i smoke or do drug either.
 @peteysbird holy smokes that was easy 
 i just wanna sit outside with someone and chain smoke and talk about life
 all i smoke is ls
   you always looking out. you damn near smoke more than me and ian never met nobody that dobut hell yeah you cool asl man
 i would be so mad if my ppl just came to me and said we are moving back to hempstead
 she smoked me out and had the same pipe i used that broke when i boiled it
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 @clevetroit @mikev2168 smoked one got super intense  really bolded the flavors. cooked retained its sweetness  polar opposites
 ijws i just wanna smoke
 @smokesumkdot then the dry shit is she smoke in the house
 i guess ill smoke and watch emerald city.
 all i need is someone to smoke with  share cool music with and take rad pics with 
 just trying to smoke a couple early morning blunts
 ive been known to beat a dead weed until it gives up @matsilva @whyerie
 blew smoke in my face and i was not happy camper. 
 someone bring me a rello amp ill smoke w u lol
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 @elliottfprice sophie has talent.id get that laminated and donate it to the deli in to that sells mtl style smoke meat lol
 im feelin joselines sparkly smokey eye and bright pink lip lahhatl
 im in love homemade smoked corned beef  havarti cheese  caramalized onions  @dukesmayonnaise on the outside  webe 
 guess ill roll up amp smoke some mo dope
 @foxnews @jahimes  fisa fisa fisa...  wheres theres smoke... theres fire..  democrats and rinos think were stupid..  draintheswamp
 i gave up sex and fast food for weed 
 i just smoked a joint dipped in hash covered in keef  rolled in hemp paper. imfuckedup 
 little ceasers has a smokehouse pizza...i need it
 sooooooo.... my dad officially knows i smoke weed..... idk how i feel about that......
 assemblyman is charged with marijuana possession  he is against medical marijuana  but all for recreational duh
 @paullander forest fires down 95 with new smokey
 whn i have a lot on my mind. i just light up and i smoke it 
 obama fire dea head for calling medical marijuana a joke  sign the petition  via @change
 structure fire 1000blk 9th ct @westpalmbch @wpbfire onscene working fire in a residence  fire attack  smoke showing on arrival
 where are you from  oregon  omg where are your birkenstocks hydroflask patagonia and good weed also do you 
 havent smoked in almost a month 
 i dont beg fren nah  weed is my bestfriend 
 when i die bury me with a soccer ball and chief keefs weed strain
 to smoke a blunt or dabs
 i smoke that shit that made r kelly think that he could fly
 sometimes i feel like im the only kid in my generation that hasnt smoked or drank ever
 i hate when i smoke i get high fast 
 @cozmacozmy they shut down our local track to improve the nearby airport. that was over 10 years ago. the land is 10 acres of weeds today.
 something to smoke to x chris savage
 kiya gets killed  dede falls off for 2 weeks i nominated three new plugs one guys weed is otherworldly one guy delivers who do i elect
 @pxiejude grow up. how is he racist his girl is hispanic.... if id smoked as much as you assume id have cancer. 
 i just be wanting to dig a hole amp stay there forever with unlimited weed 
 ate  showered  smoked  and read the bible. goooooodnight 
 last moon ritual i did was w brandy and we went outside in the ice cold after we burned our papers we smoked it was great
 but teia smoked all my cigarettes
 shower then smoke
 @bryceygray i have a coworker that calls in and i know she parties and smokes hella weed haha.
 i think i need to smoke more to go to sleep 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 we need to stop being appalled at each ugly weed and just pull the whole damn thing out by the roots.  trumprussia 
 that weed i had must of been magical cus i felt too charged up after hitting it tbh
 if i knew jewish people smoked out of these i would not have quit. 
 @caffeinefinch blow jobs and weed weve all been there.
 the worst part about befriending niggas dat smoke alot is they act high without being high. just doing dumb ass shit
 need something to fill in so that weeds dont take over  try perrywinkle in your landscape.  
 thats a lot of weed. 
  ur a sexy fuck we are chillen soon and gonna smoke a pound  my gf lt3333 
 aftergoodsexi smoke me a blunt 
 bb4j  smoke break  being handsome  being the most genuine person  household 
 @realdonaldtrump your healthcare bill is still obamacare rewritten smoke n mirrors .. i am not stupid repeal means remove  not a fan donald
 you wanna know why the weather is more bipolar than yourself its trying to weed out the weak ones that cant handle living here
 now smoke a bowl 
 i promised i stopped hittin him up after he had me hittin some bullshit ass weed 
 just smoked a cig
 his favourite strain of weed.  thisisus
 baby you just got to hold my pistol and my weed
 live wires down in hempfield  area of rt 130 amp fiscus ln  per westmoreland 911. also hearing outages in n huntingdon amp lower burrell.
 if all you do is smoke and drink  without prioritizing i cant fw you
 meet michael  john and jacinto. three smokers of my new film high bloods. film movie talent 
 i wanna text you telling you how much i love and miss you but instead im gonna smoke a blunt and drink some vodka
 if i was a smoker  i would need a blunt rn.
 ppl always be like how u know  u dont smoke lmao trust me my dude. i can tell. 
 ready to smoke some weed
 surprisingly dont want to smoke alone tonight 
 i smoked earlier amp it knocked me out
 @redactedtext she got into some weed once years ago  she passed out and threw up in the morning. itme
 i never read comments  much less on the av club but i made an exception for those nerds arguing over whether weed is harmful and dangerous.
 weed wrapped in weed on top of weed hellyeah 
 our neighbors smoke all the pots like all the pots
 ill never forget when shorty said she like smoking reggie bc good weed be having her too high  
 niggas dont want no smoke
 these weed cookies got me wavy 
 percocets adderall ecstasy pussy money weed faded for a week i dont sleep fuck my enemies
 @shankyoasss i took really bad care of my skin until about a year ago when i noticed that and im also a smoker so basically im just fucked
 i sleep better if i dont smoke
 my socials and weed really have to go though .
 our apple smoked gouda and naturally good kosher brie...glass of wine  a great relaxed  evening. whats your favor 
 @dtrumpexposed @realdonaldtrump no you dont just smoke a monica cigar and see
 @badhigene all i know is car note  c bill. eat. smoke. school. and i know that well so dont tell me i aint working when business is handled
 i certainly agree with that.  at the moment the pale of smoke is hanging over the obama wh.  i think the flames wil 
 all smoke and mirrors 
 get this black n mild smoke out my mentions 
 linkinmybio   yb @ hempstead  new york town 
 coming in april  what should i name it  its sesame glazed gulf shrimp and applewood smoked 
 true story she used to think weed and marijuana were different things 
 started internationalwomensday by breaking my smoke detector. had to get a man to come fix it for me. idk if im doing this right.
 @1doublezero you aint want no smoke  
 iont een smoke and this pisses me off. 
 im lost as fuck right now. might be the weed. 
 should weed be legalized
 support your local smoke shop.  we have just about everything you guys needwant liquidation 
 and stop trying to sell people weed you fucking idiot
 ugh i need some weed. 
 you said you want some smoke puff it up nigga
 using my tax returns to buy legal weed is how i imagine uncle sam wouldve wanted it to be spent.
 my mama used to threat that shed tell my gma i smoke weed if i act up  amp this whole time she already knew 
 gold water of life oak barrels and peat moss smoke the tears of a god  whiskey haiku
 @dragonflyjonez piss test him all you want  hes gonna smoke when hes ready
 my plan was to go out and get weed and chill with people but now im so high from this larry bird i dont feel like driving anywhere
 wish i could smoke rn
 half them guys you hanging out with you talk shit about make up your mind you big blunt smoker.
 pussy money weed rarr rarr  
 why do two margz get me buzzed oh right... i hate drinking amp really only like to smoke weed 
 i havent smoked in a long ass time and when i started to again...i had baby ass lungs again
 just bought tix to smokers club 420 @ oc observatory  ya boy finna see flatbush zombies  lil uzi vert  joey bada  uicideboy on 420 b
 im only tweeting so much bc i havent smoked today
 fuck around wit them fuck arounds  amp you fuck around and get smoked
 plano bbq round 1 to lockhart smoke house across the board awesome 
 joints r for occasions where u smoke w someone that dont smoke that much n u low key facin it
 i wanna smoke with new people
 i never was that kid that said  ill never smoke   been the type to be all like  i wanna get high as fuck 
 @tomilahren they could be fluffers like you. whose only job has been to blow smoke up trumps ass and limbaughs fat ass.
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 i want to smoke so bad 
 i need a weed   tattoo   amp piercing person asap
 shout out to the girl scouts selling cookies outside the weed store marketing
 @lawngardenhelp weed and feed
 my mom was coughing hella loud on the phone amp i told her to get cough medicine amp she said its fine im smoking weed
 my mom thinks im on other drugs cuz i havent ate all day lol no i just havent smoked yet
 the bram is up. @ wicked weed brewing 
 hes like 24  n acting this way   smoke bombs in state capitol  violence 
 sounds like rambis smokes a couple packs a day
 cant wait to smoke a blunt after work and not gaf
 the smoke detector batteries are low and im too short to reach the detector and too short to get the ladder to get to the detector 
 now getting gatoraide @monsterenergy drinks and smokes with @hisqueen1981
 the only place i can smoke rn is inside my car how annoying
 correction  the two largest cannabis magazines in nevada.  1 2 pinhunting @ vegas cannabis 
 still confused why weed isnt legal in the whole nation 
 fuck bad bitches  smoke big blunts who am i to tell ya different  you only hear it once
 who wanna smoke and be productive rn
  these r not emojis bud  but hm someone doesnt know how to text back  but u cute and a smoke sesh is def gon happen
 like the weed loud like my engine when i speed up 
 been burnn these woods like train smoke 
 all this weed amp nobody to smoke it with 
 dont vape smoke meth@fronz1lla  shit dood u rite
 pussy  money  weed  codineee
 ion see how mfs smoke woods.. i be tooooo high
 pussy. money. weed.
 i been smoking weed since i was like 14 i know what real gas is and what ok gas is  yall shit be 87 unleaded i cant do dat no more
 might just pull up n smoke big weed in the g. 
 the night i need it the most and i run out of weed.. wtf....
 no  dad  they dont actually chain smoke  theyre like  djs. and theyre really cool people. here  just listen to this.
 i just wanna smoke  idc about doing anything after that
 i prolly smoke 3 times out of 2 months ... i done cut allll the way back
 damn didnt get a chance to catch u live next time u come back to the chi lets smoke one bro  
 you cant smoke gas girl  so stop actin with it
 whoa  i just found out that my real doctor is promedical marijuana. its called science people. science.
 wake and bake  breakfast amp weed.
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation charlotte  nc
