 south hempstead ny tue jan 31st pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @akakatie1 @loudphillips @longmireposse @mywolfsong @anigequoti @kathyraven85 are you going to holy smokes bbq
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 uploading my burnt smokey eye video 
 @realdonaldtrump the american publics lives are not a game show stop the smoke amp mirrors
 ive always wanted to smoke a cuban cigar
 if we cant... thing we cant smoke. your nasdaq thing. you know  @littlefootlo   yes  she is cut off
 i need a drink and a smoke.
 yo i love smokey 
 is care truly affordable back and forth they sill order still i have willed myself to this point once legal ill never smoke a joint
 well we got history so anytime we see smoke we gone assume fire. but trust me we getting slaughtered via covert pol 
 todays special due to popular demand naked smoked pulled pork 7oz whisky bbq sauce optional. 
 im trying to smoke blunt
 everyone except smokepurpp 
 i need to smoke like rn
 my friends  we may have a new @potus  but out goal remains the same. reclassification amp legalization of cannabis. im not asking for your 
 i wanna get my nails done white but i smoke to much they wont stay white 
 i dont get someone that talks about god yet smoke blunts and gets drunk 
 finna smoke a blunt
 ive still never smoked with sage damn
 @iran @realdonaldtrump @fbi @abc @nsagov @cia @timcook meth can allow one to control currents of electricity why smoke in house electricity
 when she give you weed and a headache at the same time 
 my dad just said he smoked when he was 8 i love..... alex turner
 @straleyraymond im a dumbass because i didnt know that you threw a cannabis smoke bomb at the media okay you probably are high
 @parkermolloy scifi contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 @proudboysusa of course it was hahaha  they only high they achieved is the legalization of recreational marijuana in certain states 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 ohio state on marijuana charge for recruiting visitor its not a good reflection on us 
 today is day 2 of not smoking amp it still sucks. those who smoked a pack a day for 10 years amp quit cold turkey  i call bullshit.
 what id do to be smokin the reefer rn.. 
 blowin weed while she blowin me  you gettin blown off
 karina was trying to race and she got smoked
 @andrewfaulkne hey andrew we are here for your son apply online or learn more about medical marijuana cards at 
 worst car pool. strong smoker scent  inconsistent driver constant jerking  dude with long legs kicking me in the back. sflife
 before i had money i swear that i had no life. now im getting drunk  smoking weed   and poppin pills all the time
 @secbooger @bomanijones so opiates gt weed how does that make sense
 just got paid  out for break  hella weed hella booze  wuts gud
 im ordering the colored smoke bombs and holi powder tonight   im so excited for this scene 
 about to smoke
 i stay losing weed
 always the people who are too shook to even hit the bong talking about how much they smoke online  okay 
 i deadass been having the craziest dreams since i stopped smoking so much weed  its fuckin with my head ion know whats real at night
 bout to smoke and get in the field
 who in akron tryna smoke big dope n make music today
 harvard square medical marijuana dispensary gets closer to reality 
 ion smoke to get high  i smoke to survive
 its 1013 in the morning and someone in the hall is already blazin the reefer
 our sub  have a fun spring break and dont smoke synthetic weed    us  wtf 
 @nudah smoke crack
 day 2 without weed and i both fell asleep and woke up crying so this seems to be going really well
 @caseynewton carrier pigeon smoke signals
 my feelings hurt..but ima smoke about it. ill be fine.
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation englewood  tn
 @wwebitches @torrie11 now i gotta have a smoke to bring down my erection again. @kingmarliedave 
 new olivier assayas looks good. summer hours his short about maggie gyllenhaal buying weed were cool  very french 
 when u piss her off she just pull on me we smoke 1 thin she tell me how she ion want yo lame 
 lets link up  smoke some gizzle  and catch the game @trybeingmodest @mdugan12
 i dont really care if people smoke weed  but when ou walk into the gym amp the whole gym smells like that shit im telling you something lmao
 are cigarette smokers aware that they smell like rotten animal carcass or are they just immune to their own stench
 when you smoke a backwood 10 minutes before 420 
 dont ever call my girl boring if all you do is smoke weed and sleep
 she really gonna smoke on ft with me after i just quit 
 @redsarmyjohn does lebron endorse weed for medicinal purposes
 @rainbow6game his smoke grenades make so much sense now
 im here now..come smoke with us and get some deals on new merch 
 the weed you smoke is trash. 
 i havent smoked meth in nearly 2 months  so thats  whyimagreatcatch 
 make sure an hour of sleep is all you lose  test and change the batteries in your smoke amp co alarms 
 standing in the porta potty line next to a dude getting his pre race smoke on. dont think thats what they mean by smoke the competition 
 i feel like if you havent watch the dukes of hazzard or smokey and the bandit you arent southern
 irish i was dead whatever @ joes on weed st. 
 @jm116 @henease @youngpageviews i expect it from my weed man  not from my scenes man
 when you drunk or high. pregame song  brendenjbeatz  liquor marijuana  
 ive worked in a kitchen before. i get it  and ive been in the weeds  but dang  this was painful to watch unfold.
 lol twitter is so funny but my grandmother would smoke you  
 it is when they attempt to match with bunk weed  like its ok 
 rons processing is running special . 1 per lb  i got a 160 lb smoked pork package. farm fresh. 
 play this almost every time i smoke 
 welcome queens @ king weedy 
 lifes short. smoke a port.
 i havent smoked a bowl in like..two months. that shit is unacceptable.
 wgal constantly asks on their facebook about recreational weed legalization. we get it
 currently im jamming currency with this bad bitch she dont smoke but she gone burn with me 
 cant stand people who stand outside in this weather to smoke its fucking brickkkk
 dont forget spring forward tonight  change clocks  change smoke alarm batteries 
 i got the munchies. didnt smoke. appetite awkward.
 about to smoke me something then go back to sleep head still fucked up from yesterday man 
 its clear to me if i dont smoke i dont sleep well
 @iorettaiynch cant believe lynch speaks on anything given her crim. past 4 hrc. maybe trump called 2 see smoke out bugging tower wlynch
 and smoke a a blunt 
 how tf is there all this coke and no weed weed is the first step. the gateway. 
 dumbshit rex smoked my last lift ticket without me  que culero
 i used to be scared of my mom catching me but now i smoke in my house when shes home
 @netherlandshemp yes please send me your up coming news on  how to open medical  hemp  clinic store in holland
 you smoke crack dont ya  dont you smoke crack boy 
 i prefer city of trees though not the nod to cannabis as commonly refd...farm to fork rebranding is just ok. @marcosbreton @sacbeenews
 i hate sitting in my living room bc it smells like nothing but weed bc of my neighbors
 im just looking at this weed like its goin roll itself
 too many phony smokers these days.  its kinda funny and cringe..
 you probably werent wondering  but every legal weed salesperson out here is about as chill as imagined
 niggas be spending so much money on tattoos and weed but cant afford a damn outfit 
 all i smoke is skrilla  yo bitch look like a thriller 
 time for an immense amount of weed consumption. bye guys
 jollof rice  coconut rice with smoked mackerel  peppered chicken  grilled chilean  vegetable soup  beef  broccoli kitchenistasundays
 bitch better buy her own weed. 
 just burnt my fucking finger tip tryna smoke a bowl in walla walla. fuck this place 
 just wanna smoke my bowl and be sad all night 
 this tasty smoke bomb is courtesy of my botl kuboti thanks again playa nowsmokin flathead450 
 we shouldve smoked  we shouldve  did i miss my chance  i shouldve asked you out at first glance  pauline knows its true  that bs aint u
 i would like to.. como se dice.. smoke a blunt
 times like this i wish i smoked weed to release stress and calm down. buttt i dont so netflix till i tap it is 
 anybody who knows me knows im a stoner. i love to smoke
 hands smell like mad weed
 ima healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 update incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions at west hempstead station 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 excited to present this morning on stigma among cancer patients who smoke at aspo2017 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 all i wanna do is smoke some weed and eat some chicken wings. its that too much to ask  like faaaawwkk
 last night smoked a l but tonight ill smoke crack
 now on draft  @singlecutbeer strange shadows from the flames 7.2 abv brewed with nys cherrywood smoked malt  i 
 hope to see my friend jacob hemphill and @sojalive in nc.  their music got me through some hard times during my can 
 so im not finna find no weed do i gotta start bacc asking random people again
 our top 10 of expo west in no particular order @miyokoskitchen smoked mozza  violifeamerica 
 my favorite time to smoke is before bed lmao
 who trying to smoke ill pull up
 i smoked and ate a cookie and i still cant sleep
 brooossss just had a dream that i had unlimited weed and and mountain dew  thatd be crazy bros college dreams goals
 i wanna smoke and lay up 
 all this bitch do is fckn smoke 
 i live in a dorm full of smokers who never got a lighter
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in carrollwood  fl 
 okay but this is me every time i smoke 
 you laaaaaame  amp ur nigga break down my weed sometime
 you have to smoke in the bathroom with the shower on .... and a can of lysol  
 crazy shit when old highschool friends who judged you for smoking later on ask you if you know any1 that has some. ha ah nope. smoke waaa
 omg weed em and reap 
 the smoked pit beef grilled cheese is off. the. chain.... customcooks smokinforyou 
 if you know where my new header is from  ill give you five dollars and a bowl to smoke.
 every cigarette u smoke is .01 seconds from your mile time. chainsmokes
 cryin cause i dont wanna work until 230am and make 5 bucks while recovering from surgery... my best friend is on an island w legal weed rn
 yeah you might be working but all your money goes to liquor amp weed. i cant relate sis.
 uh... when your supervisor posts a picture of weed on their ig. 
 @jdunham41 nigga i smoke jimmy out like 90 of the time if i actually charged his ass id be like 2000 richer
 finallllly off work. hmu. smoke up friends.
 after 5 long years i finally quit smoking weed 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 hm2 weedor told me ill be a great surg tech in the future  honestly made my whole day
 @xann1elle look gd n you on some weed shit too u i love u girl 
 always wanna smoke a blunt  never want to roll a blunt
 i need to smoke a cigarette
 i dont even smoke weed anymore since i lost my huf socks
 wish i could smoke
 @swaggedouttaco weed isnt man made its rooted from the earth.
 i got ditched for weed lol
 i feel terrible  cant even smoke yo 
 why is it that when i hurt i just smoke and laugh about it but low key it really be fucking hurting.
 2k weed and brew
 lol of course not. another smokescreen by 45 and his administration. 
 ima eat an edible and smoke a few blunts today. i think its time to die.
 @snoopdogg snoop u can now make a video of bho in a chckn suit amp pretend to shoot him. then we can call it even. lay off th weed u look old
 @kattykaybbc @katyturnbc @maddow @robreiner @rosie tax returns were just another smoke screen to detract from russi 
 does anyone in new braunfels sell weed plz help
 id rather smoke cilantro 
 need some smoke 
 check out up in smoke... 
 hate when people smoke cigarettes around me
 im not addicted to weed im just a asshole when i dont smoke
 reefer madness reefer madness  he still has his mind in the 19th century. 
 amazing the resourcestax  being wasted on this fakewiretap issue.   russian ties smoke screen hook  line amp sinker @angelarye
 recovering addicts are two times more likely to relapse if they smoke cigarettes  study finds. 
 box 3747 e55 will be the rit. e48l28 on scene of a 1.5 stry wdfrm sfd  light smoke showing
 almost went all day without a reason to smoke 
 the @penguins just got smoked. no way to change it  just time to get ready for next game. not a bad road trip other than this last result
 late night recipe testing...just made vegan smoked salmon. i think ive outdone myself. 
 get a life smoke one and  get geeked  @ northeast tampa  tampa  
 when you find a guy who supports you in all ways possible  loves you  is loyal af and smokes as much as you so you 
 420 stoner kush weed just followed me on instagram  so i got that.
 flip  flop  flip  flop... do we need a distraction today no then im good with states regulating weed. distracti 
 my guns need nicotine they smoke more than me
 i smoke keep movin  i cant stand how a philly blow ss
 @floydmayweather  i hope you smoke mcgregor quick. show the world why you are one of the greatest boxers.
 got of work about 45 mins ago  thinking about hitting some weed amp calling it a day
 @ayeewills smoke session  we have to hit my gym up soon g
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 299 south pulaski street baltimore  send mess 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy   transportation brentwood  tn
 this one is no joke...10 total rounds @220 amp im smoked @555fitness firefit firefighter firefighterfitness 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy  
 my mom thinks i smoke weed to escape the harsh reality of life  i smoke so i can go to sleep on time at night
 out of money and out of weed. it officially happened. i hate this.
 its wrong to deny pain relief for patients with severe paindisease opiates now cannabis are needed in every state 
 @oreillyfactor old snoop is over 50 still acting like he is a rap star. its kind of pitiful. weed smoking nocount do nothing.
 music i smoke to 
 this bus smells like weed and sunscreen
 totally gonna hire the guys working on my neighbors yard to pull the weeds in the front yard.. seeing as my sister cant find the weeds.
 i am a strong supporter of weed
 @flakkito787 one time my mom found weed in my brothers room but she didnt know what it was and she asked me and i said it was a spice
 if u smoke u die  if u drink u die  if u eat u die  if u love u die  no matter what u die  so do whateva u want homie cuz u gon die anyways.
 if you smoke around your baby you dont love them lol but forreal shits sick
 tb to thon weekend with the famous kevin weeden  @ bryce jordan center 
 gfs a smoke show 
 @jakewim whew tell gator man to lay off the wacky weed its only 5 on a thursday. save that for the weekend. jake did you slap his mom
 definitely dont miss standing outside in the freezing cold to smoke a cigarette
 if weed was free for one day what would you do
 new orleans weed 
 so to mcdonalds for the weed yall the real og
 @davidw29 @westtxrancher the battery powered weed eater says you can trim the length of over three football fields on a charge. buygas
 puff the ganja let me take you higher  
 you aint cute if you smoke
 i have no idea why  but i just remembered 18 year old me being really into some guy..then he told me that smoking weed turned him of....
 taylor  from cali. wanted some good weed. i said i not from here. he said thats why he asked me. it was obvious saltlakecity
 dawgggg can someone pls serve me i just dropped the rest of my weed im bouta be angry as fuck
 can somebody bring me a blunt ill smoke you up
 i just got weed on my phone. does that make it....high tech
 girls who smoke nasty 
 somebody smoke some
 my apartment probably the most smoked out place out here  seriously smh
 this weed really calm me down
 lies your weed man tells you
 @ivankatrump chase bank has the power to turn off smoke alarms on floors under u . did u know that .
 fbf after one of my many photoshoots. we taking a smoke break with big teddy in the studio shot 
 @seanhannity i heard van jones smoked anderson coopers pole off set to get his job at cnn  pass that one around. maddow muff dived hillary
 why cant michigan just legalize marijuana already like come onnnnn
 caffeine and weed was not the best idea
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation ashville  oh
 cant smoke im on papers but hold on this my jamaican 
 happy st. patricks day. i aint irish but im trynna smoke some green to celebrate 
 500k to teach text people not to smoke   500k on the sights and signs of medieval period ... we wont cut that but will mealsonwheels 
 shout to smokesignalsinflorida for having @footsouljahs come through see you when footsouljahs 
 medical marijuana leader canopy growth is fully valued  says canaccord genuity   
 havent smoked weed in a literal week which means all this foreign candy will prove itself useful tonite
 this is the stupidest thing evr  new san francisco gym will allow members to smoke pot while working out  la times 
 @fannybayoysters wonderful feature for st patricks day faux irish stew made with smoked oysters and soda bread 
 dis y i smoke weed.
 y cant i wake up and be in heaven. doing what god knows i love to do. good deeds and smoking weed 
 newport kids be confused about this fog but its probably everyones juul smoke
 wow a close family friend of mine has stage 3 lung cancer and isnt even a smoker. life is crazy.
 andra is mad bc i smoked without him and smoked his black 
 in search of a roommate who likes makeup weed and going to the gym vt21
 @zaureniaz sdadgad i wonder if he blows smoke into geometrys box 
 @khanoisseur @spectatorindex trumprussia smokescreens follow the oil   
 @afterdook also hey lets smoke weed next week
 every weed is marijuana
 annual alcohol related deaths 88 000 annual marijuana deaths 0. jeffsessions is either stupid or being paid off by alcohol lobbyists.
 i dont even smoke cigs but ill buy a pack because now i can 
 people ask me @marcustrains what do you use for oils do you use for cooking hempseed oil to bake 
  you know we smoke big as your head and wide as your leg  
 meditation  conversation amp a lil marijuana 
 long ride today. fueled by oatmeal  hemp seed  and chia seed. intraworkout is gatorade  water  and aminos. eatforperformance fitness
 people never believe that i dont drink or smoke 
 ill be forgetting to eat until like 3 o clock. or once i smoke then im like damn i didnt eat all day 
 @katyperry @theellenshow @billclinton @hillaryclinton @chelseaclinton @barackobama @renealane where the weed at yo 
 bread look like the type of nigga that smokes kools 
 when niggas hate they send all kind of smoke
 lol man i dont smoke i need a different solution 
 just went in the smoke. going to do this one hot and fast. around 400 deg. ill post results good or bad. weird li 
 getting ready for a little birthdayhousewarming party with some smoked baby back ribs and 
 almost tastes smoked  drinking a rauchbier by @triumphpton at @triumphpton    photo
 free smoke free smoke eh
 free smoke 
 free smoke might be drakes best song ever dont @ me
 cloudy vision jeff sessions wants to revive nancy reagans just say no campaign with a renewed focus on weed 
 free smoke aye 
 free smoke  free smoke
 yoooo free smoke free smoke  ay wordtomyenemies
 red carpet ready at the isom wedding isomonthecake @ the weeden 
 swanigan pops looking like the weed man who used to lurk in the unisex bathrooms at the tunnel back in the day.
 smoking weed pen in public its embarrassing i dont want people to think im vaping
 im  at how jake continued let alonzo train him after he made him smoke wet. training day wouldve been cut short fucking with me.
 link up n smoke
 when you just started the drake album and the free smoke beat drops 
 sleep would be nice ... not smoking weed kills me i be up all night
 the weeds for the brains the hennys for the pain i replaced my soul with cocaine  hole in my heart can only be filled with chains
 why are the smoke dectors going off theres not even a fire and they wont shut up
 i smoke weed just to meditate. i never cared about fitting in
 @nerdjesse i try to do that too  but with social media  it can be really hard to weed people out without everyone else attacking you.
 try our smoked chop today with dirt wolf double ipa 
 about to smoke a couple ls and head to dennys 
 smoke good weed witta bad btch @kcamp427
 @cullenlonn free smoke is
 so favs are free smoke  no long talk  passion fruit  jorja interlude  blem  teenage fever  madiba riddim for now.
 positive vibes only... and weed... and money.
 ok free smoke goes
 wishing i was back in this lovely place.. @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 i wish i had some weed up in my system because im about 2 seconds away from just flipping out..
 @nhpotfarm so does it treat anything or is it just made of hemp
 all my friends are dead cause none of em wanna pick up the phone and smoke some blunts with me 
 im advertising my weed like its legal 
 these are weed 
 sorry  little billy. you dont get to eat bc your mom smoked some pot to cope w the fact she lost her job 
 papers smoke too fast 
 i was able to smoke a whole new port seems like these these summer time blues had got me through the throat
 a rubber glove is an amazing way to carry weed
 all these white frat boys do is smoke and lie. gd
 @rusticchicken romaine   ori sheets  hardboiled eggs  hemp seeds  sunflower seeds  almonds  acv  coconut amino acids and much more
 free smoke on repeat
 come see us for some amazing week of slow smoked bbq open all week except sunday from 1130 am to 830 pm  right 
 i really havent smoked since september. dafuq
 free smoke free smoke @dukembb
 i havent been to the gym since thursday and i cannot wait to be back tomorrow im getting an itch like a smoker in need of a cig itsbad
 got this stufd ass blunt .. no one to smoke wit smh
 people passin faster than im passin weed
 good lean ima dranker good weed ima smoker head on a boat out in boca     ha  
 i wanna smoke lmao
 why do people who drink alcohol feel its okay to call smokers gross i feel the same way about drinkers   bitch u ruining ur other organ
 about time in my college experience that i do a paper on the marijuana industry
 .@brandicbs21 speaking with @5leafremedies about their plans for a medical marijuana facility in downtown york. 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 free smoke 
 @caseeek @bschneider he would be all protective over a damn weed eater lmaoooo
 seeing dave chapelle make me wanna smoke just cause.. 
 free smoke is a banger
 @roycoopernc so when will we be joining the 20 something states where weed is medically legal. or even one where its legal period maybe...
 sparks r emerging frm billows of smoke surrounding trumps relationship wrussia  @politicalant @roseamund @jptrib1
 i dont smoke but if i did and aj styles told me to stop  i would immediately quit raw
 the smokers club 420 bout to be lit  yuhhhhhh 
 legalize weed and pay for my college education with the tax revenue 
 i need to smoke 
 some kid from my nephews  preschool told the teacher that her dad grows weed in their backyard 
 if i smoke this blunt  im eating everything
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1907 whistler avenue baltimore  send message.
 they dont want no smoke they dont want no issues
 shoutout to my asthma for making me cough hella when i smoke and making me get super high
 the face you make when all of you just got finished smoking weed amp now your standing next to the 
 @vijayxo depends where they are at for the weed laws but grinding should be against tos. sad no ban then.
 nah im bluffin  shit run... free smoke  
 chronic pain has made my daughter suicidal.  mother advocating for medical marijuana. 
 carusosspecial smoked brisket  bbq sauce  bacon and cheddar on a toasted french bread. todays 
 @govmikehuckabee if i were a senator  id smoke his ass
 free smoke free smoke
 yo i smoked a blunt of moon rock once and slept for 20 hours.
 i think weed just makes me super hungry to make up for all my missed meals.
 @billmckibben shouldnt you be living in the forest fossil fuel free  you can send smoke signals. get off the computer and into the forest
 @eeehse @mitchellvii i think ur confused as 2 who blew what or was it who smoked da cigar oh well  lemme go write a check 2 cgi oh wait
 who tryna smoke  
 rayonna dont need no liq or no smoke to be lit and i love that about her. she be sober af amp we still have a good time
 played with jared johnson today. what a great game and he is growing like a weed. at 15. i had to get on it to stay 
 havent smoked in like 3 days fr wow
 ive been on edge the past few days  havent smoked a cigarette in 2 weeks now so thats a plus and a huge stepping stone for me.
 @sethmacfarlane @laurenmolloy7  hey seth.  go smoke a joint and draw some more pics.  maybe then youll see clearly
 not a monday morning smoke... but a good one @nhale1300 @cigarchairman @paradigmpres @mclaurin69 
 lol... you are more likely to look for food or try to jump down a building with weed intoxication than drink more a 
 the best ways to protect your cannabis business  
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 people only hit me up when they got tree for sale i dont even smoke smh
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 prices of industrial properties for cannabis rose from full asking price in 2016 reaching 20 to 25 percent premiums 
 @jessedain @theonevortex @vinnylingham @tuurdemeester @cars4ever u r not capable of knowing when smoke clears to time reentry.
 nunes is just trying to help trump and his team try and get ahead of this and lawyer up while throwing a smoke ball
 to the people that put weed on their sc story  on behalf of the whole population  stop.
 see our latest marion  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 @tmksespn how great a shape was mike and his competition in when he could drink  amp smoke cigars until 2 in the morning and score 50 next day
 when your dealer asks if you have weed
 how many more times will senate president m. teresa paiva weed lead the ri senate 
 proposed ohio law would penalize smoking in car with kids. i smoked a lot of 2nd hand smoke in family station wagon. 
 @bakedalaska smoke another dube...your a joke. nunes
 famous smoke shop famoussmokeshop is having a first responders appreciation day and  protocol 
 a flower never blooms if it holds on to the weeds below
 how did i get an upper respiratory infection i only smoked 15 blunts in two days
 ewwww if youre a vegetarian. why do you need to eat things that resemble meat thats like  i dont smoke but i va 
 who got smoke uwg
 @brooke29nicole smokes the cfielder for a double amp scores @caymen10 for an rbi bree bailey into run for mcclure  pitchingchange
 being limited to caffiene is probably harder than quitting smoking weed  cigarettes  and drinking alcohol combined.
 lol i guess ima just smoke my day away today 
 need friends to smoke with.
 hurry up and legalize weed all across america @realdonaldtrump
 i need more girlfriends that smoke 
 theres a car @ with 4 guys amp a girl and there is like smoke rolling out of their car. like  wow  chill with the weed. 
 i like a girl with weed .
 eat one apple instead smoke one marijuana cigarette its the new tendency right now
 @thejhf what about cannabis families
 i pray you smoke with me
 @mathbomb smoke helps. the lions are everywhere. researching all angles. unpredictable need defense.
 skys lucky he woke up  i was gonna smoke wo him
 im trynna smoke w my right and scroll w my left but my damn arm hurt  i scraped it
 free smoke is such a banger 
 broke into my house because someone locked the door earlier  and now im debating if i really need to go outside to smoke
 @lucki6below weedmaps
 my nigga smokepurpp just keep getting bigger
 lol i literally just texted you about this listen to free smoke @tycal @hiatuskaiyote
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 514 e 21st st  . 
 damn ppl really dont fuck with the backwoods thats all i smoke
 i dont tumble  im just a regular weed
 shot the weed man if the dope dont smoke 
 free smoke free smoke aye
 free smoke  drake gtgtgtgtgtgt
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation marietta  oh
 thunderstorm gt smoke temperature up 80f gt 82f humidity up 54 gt 65 wind 19mph gt 15mph
 j.b.s smokehouse is the place to be
 so i race down the escalator. when i arrive the deputy is searching my client and has about an ounce of my clients marijuana on his desk. 
 first rack of baby back ribs out of the newold smoker marin bayarea oak realwoodsmokers 
 looks like theyre grasping at smoke  more like it 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 if you make smoking videos you should probably inhale the weed..... 
 someone mistakenly wrote a bysrep kid had got in trouble for weed  and i almost had a panic attack lol
 @ivyvillegas dude fuck yea im gonna smoke a bkunt and cry and sing all at the same time 
 415 am amp im about to smoke a cigarette smh
 money makes the world  go around want to think out of box grow hemp for sustainable life 
 @piecrust33 ...the norm for me when i was young.  as far as i know my lungs are fine.  i think most parents who do smoke wish they didnt...
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i wish everyone could experience the dispensary. real weed smokers deserve the shit cuz these plugs fuckin everybody
 time for some funk. @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 lifes short smoke a port on a port in new york calculating like a dork
 i wanna make music. wanna smoke. wanna drink. wanna fuck. want head. wanna fight. wanna kill. wanna be silent. wanna think. want peace.
 all i wanna do is smoke with ya... sit down  have dinner with the folks with ya
 i said match  he came over with no weed  so i smoked my shit amp he watched  i dont gas no nigga up  tf 
 studio in a few with @uluvcamille bout to smoke the booth ...
 i roll another blunt smoke it to da face 
 @voxtheweeds great work with the new into the weeds @sarahkliff
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @yungnatedogg taco on god i thought i gave u that hoe but i lowkey said that out of pure tom brady happiness  ill smoke you out dis week
 ld708 enroll an act to use taxes on nonmedical marijuana and increase the tax on cigarettes to partially offset... 
 firstyear student at ventura college is interested in brand  marketing for marijuana. 
 free smoke free smoke
 lavender lattes  smoked salmon  liege belgian waffles with white chocolate pistachio sauce @cafemedina  heaven 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 46044606 harford rd  violation notice outsta 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2950 phelps ln  send message. 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 all drake does is smoke weed and write the same god damn song over and over but he gets a visa jung ho has actual accomplishments but nooooo
 grodziskie oak smoked sour  from fair state brewing. one of the most unusual  and delicious  
 handing out free smoke lemme know if you tryna cop up 
 i would be a lot more sensitive if i aint smoke weed 
 @novembernicole1 omg i cant stand that nerdy  nasal sounding libtard. i like when she was up against tomi laren  tomi smoked her 
 lantana structure fire 400blk w ocean ave  pbcfr bc91 onscene of a 1story house  flames amp smoke from the eavesroof area  fire
 aviso de tormenta severa incluye hempstead tx  magnolia tx  todd mission tx hasta las 900 pm cdt 
 ive been able stop straighten my hair   make some spaghettios   and smoke a bowl and my boyfriend still isnt here ....
 @breezythebutt @stevensuptic @breeessrig i am allergic to weed and i dont have an issue with people smoking it. just not near me please p
 ill settle for coorslight if it means i can smoke in the bar. 
 they say my weed tooo loud and my cup toooo dirty
 holy smokes congrats and hats off to @devinbook 
 i just want to smoke and get rubbed on
 wanna smoke
 when the chunti in the smoke shop asks for the chocolate dutch master 
 i really need to smoke rn
 ion know  prob finna get off it tho. finna jus smoke amp chill 
 good morning from naindoor we hit the floor at 433pm today at hempfield high school @ 
 rivierabeach structure fire 500blk w 24th st  rbfr units onscene of a 1story home  heavy smoke showing  active fire inside  fire
 who wanna smoke this pregnancy test
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 14001498 cleveland street baltimore 
 too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin weed again
 what if being a bad ass chef means you dont drink  smoke or overeat  exercise and actually take care of yourself
 @flowbomb who cares they got smoked
 got 28 grams of loud with no one to smoke it with 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 lets see what i got here....some leaning chimney smoked porter from grey sail brewing...found it 
 everytime camerons somewhere  a smoke detector goes off..
 @taylorhugs its ok my brother brought weed gummies
 little more jack in my coke now  little more high in my smoke now.
 can marijuana help with flu like symptoms
 @drjjdyck .@judgejeanine  smoke and mirrors. trumprussia and if i were .@speakerryan i would be all over trumprussia as well.
 need 2 smoke
 @barikizomg i bet vettel will smoke hamilton on the start and lead the first lap. or crash trying. .
 @zwhitford @brokenlizard smoking the reefer.  i dont want a large farva...
 beach smoke and vibe type of night
 bring some weed i got a story to tell
 theres not one bad thing about weed..
 lord thank you for the day  weed  and dave chapelle
 guess who back in the land of the weed  home of da rave
 someone  anyone lets smoke
 free smoke  free smoke @ the manor 
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 high as hell watching jay and silent bob smoke weed with afroman @thatkevinsmith @jaymewes
 hell naw i aint fucking with no bum asses u not finna hop in my whip and smoke my shit for free
 what should i ride through the smokey mountains tmrw
 happy birthday to me @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  brea 
 its weird when you smoke weed it goes through your throat  so how tf does it get to your brain im dead yall 
 couldnt fw a female that smokes blacks for fun
 no one to smoke with
 feel like i can smoke a whole pound right now 
 holy smokes  this cough i got going on is not okay.
 shoot the weed man if his shit not smoking 
 the weed cotton candy guy hes awesome he made us lots of free cotton candy hes always at 
 @gbellseattle marijuana possession uhoh. isnt that a felony punishable by death in our new admin
 i smoke the backwoods of the skunk
 it makes me so happy that canada is legalizing weed as a country  america get with it
 @krisjenner i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 the only thing that i like about my job is that the stairwell smells like weed after lunch... everyday.
 @elijahdaniel @csydelko if i were yall id move to a sercurity gated building that allows bulks of marijuana storage
 ag is so full of bigot not letting citizens have access to medical marijuana its 100 times better then prescription drugs
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 dont go out your way soccs  weed andor cheap stripped shirts are all acceptable and great gifts 
 all we do is smoke and fuck
 i stay around gs that smoke weed thats my lifestyle
 i stay around gs that smoke weed thats my lifestyle
 i still come home and look for you... i miss you  smokers.  
 i really wish i could sit back in my car   listen to the doors   and smoke a blunt or two .
 smoke so much that smokey the bear had to bare with us
 see you friday for the @raekwon meetandgreet at weedssouthvan   repost weedssouthvan with 
 damn my car still smells like weed
 on marijuana charges....  5 years...  fix this please. 
 walnut hempseed soap  gental exfoliation for your skin. chic store. made in 
 west virginia cops reading everyones celebratory posts on social media about the medical marijuana bill passing. 
 students response when asked about his dramatic grade improvement soon as i dropped the weed  things got easier again noshitsherlock
 tgburbank smoked brisket sandwich  watermelon radish slaw  pea tendrils  house made sriracha  
 i want to smoke so badly but i love myself too much to do it
 feels good to just smoke and cruise on this beautiful day
 if you got em smoke em 420
 sweet now i know how to smoke if i cant find something to smoke out of 
 besides getting smoked for a good hour an a half today wasnt a bad day.
 when i smoke an l or 2 a day i get more shit done
 about to see what lucilles smokehouse is all about
 watching my grandma trying to sneak and smoke her ecigarette in the middle of a restaurant is hilarious
 getting treated by my choir director  @ wings n things in hempstead  ny  
 this impossible i would never choose dick over weed.. u smoking flock u a jackass 
 kcmo decriminalized marijuana today  to a 25 fine for lt35gs. this is huge. more than huge.
 i just need to smoke a zip n get away
 doris burke is a smokeshow. @dorisburkenba
 drinking a hemp hop rye amber ale by @ofallonbrewery @ groovy little hippie pad   photo
 poppin pills smoke on that gas sip lean
 just wanna smoke w oomf and lay up 
 stfu cnn. the smoke is around russiaclintonobama 
 get up go and smoke hookah  
 oh and i dont smoke as much because of what i learned from that experience. you know how much money i save 
 free smoke 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 3632 elm ave  couch to be removed 
 maybe im trippin but it smells like weed outside
 she just wanna smoke n fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 free smoke free smoke  niggas moves soooo waste
 @tamronhall holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 understand when you make this commitment that means you can no longer smoke with hood niggas. 
 arthur why is  blocked  kathleen and i start laughing  me thats marijuana  arthur oh
 in the mood to smoke 
 i dont mind smoking you out  but if its an everyday thing...yeah im slapping the shit out of you. get ya own weed some time you kefe.
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation shelbyville  ky
 @spicykrisps @zachkinz try telling the weed community that. 
 so i end up on my own  cuz he lives in shame all used him for his weed his growing as movie and warned b 4 movie breakin bad y made his own
 visit the smoke shack today for all your favorite damn air freshener scents springtx damnsoldhere smokeshack 
 breaks are the best cuz i can smoke and go back into work lit asf and every thing is just great
 is it okay to have weed  wine and ice cream for dinner
 i seriously cannot fucking wait for colorado. working with weed is my dream
 chocolate chipotle  glaze w smoked sea salt amp maple cotton candy  coming to your sugar cookies tomorrow. 
 we sell fronto leaves  hemp paper unrefined shea butter  incense  handmade soap  aloe  and sage smudge sticks. all orders in person for now.
 lets smoke in jamaica
 i cant wait to get out of work and smoke a blunt  and kick back with my man @opt1mus61
 when the weed gets you in your feelings during the hot box 
 well someone smoke the truth
 id be rich if i didnt snack a lot and smoke weed
 got an email advertisement for a free cookie with a marijuana delivery of an 8th or more.... not a weed cookie though..just a cookie..
 music and marijuana the only reasons why i havent snapped on a few mfs yet to be honest 
 @shamiyamaxine ion smoke 
 says the young sperm cell that cant stay off the weed  
 if you pull up with a bong or a pipe  i will dead go to the store  get my own rollup amp smoke by myself 
 legal marijuana advocates are uneasy with sessions stance 
  i focus my mind  stay comitted like weeding rings  i can do anything really mean anything 
 wake amp bake with bud kushions  the worlds first pillow in the likeness of marijuana buds 
 wake up smoke dope
 who tryna smoke
 its always the ppl who in hs used to talk shit bout smokin weed that snap me their weak ass blunts as if they have somethin to prove idgaf
 my mom just looked at me and said no buying weed with the money dad put on your card 
 i live with liz and i feel like i rarely smoke with her.
 tbh all i wanna do is smoke 
 what they say is true  growing weed does make you a chick magnet  springbreak 
 i might miss ya   but watch me smoke this blunt amp forget cha.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 509 n collington ave  send message. 
 i gotta smoke to keep the fuckery away
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1719 cole street baltimore  send message. 
 some random guy in the empty parking lot of smokey bones just tried selling me bud as im like running in late for work.
 @garrettforva @catopodcast @tulsigabbard @sensanders @randpaul medical marijuana takes away all my nerve amp chronic 
 anyone wanna smoke a blunt
 nah when i smoke blunt i really be forgetting bout chuuu
 @uber should give you the option to ride in a nonsmokers or smokers car. tired of smelling like an ash tray every time i come out.
 about to smoke this wood  then walk to the mall and get a haircut  and try not to buy nothin
 people need to stop smoking weed to cure their depression. marijuana is a depressant 
 gotta smoke we have a case filled with smoking related antiques and collectibles smoking 
 been rewatching some older stuff on dvd and holy smokes was the user experience awful compared to streaming. menus  trailers  warnings  etc.
 whatever happened to pokemon go  smoke shop open until 1000pm for all your smoking needs 
 @mancsel im a pot smoker  and id like to say i take pride in personal hygiene
 good weed is all thats necessary right now
 just gunna sit here and smoke for the remainder of the day . . 
 very scary when someone sees smoke coming out of the manhole at the gas station. westbroadway 
 my sister came in and said marissa i love you. do you wanna smoke 
 i found some pot in my dads house and smoked it.... i feel like a rebellious teen.
 we dont count the same cash or smoke the same weed
 but with weed 
 gabe trained me to be the ultimate smoker lmao
 smoke weed for shoulder pains.
 city of stars  just one thing everybody want..  there in the bars  and through the smokescreens of the crowded restaurants..  its love..
 our listing for air bed and breakfast is that a discount price funhousela  wake up and smoke to 
 do you smoke pot because weed be cute together
 @chriscrocker ask her the hard questions chris like how much meth did she smoke today propogandatweakerbarbie
 look what the weed make your bitch do 
 i want 60 grams of weed
 niggas taking 10hrs just to smoke 
 i never realize i forgot a clip in my pocket until my whole office smells like burnt weed 
 its ok we all smoke
 anyone wanna double date w me amp chris later  smoke some weed amp eat some food 
 churchill stick today. i sleep a little  and i smoke cigar after cigar. that is why i am in twohundredpercent fo 
 it was an honor to participate in the legislative look ahead this morning to discuss medical marijuana. thank you  @wvpress lookahead
 lol you trying too smoke 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes available   job
 @laurenovee @lydiaaenglish @hippiechickjh @addymagann pretty sure it isnt weed. weed isnt that bad. i think a stink bomb
 @melissasvihel yea smoke me up foo 
 @paidfamray  you only gone smoke 1 wood head ass
 noo  its just the a is actually going harder with the energy  amp activities. for example gotta smoke 2 blunts in nc 
 how can you smell weed and your... 2 cars over from me coming out a complex im lost
 couldnt sleep so i smoked a blunt n now im sleepy
 smoke so much that smokey the bear will have to bear with us 
 somebody come help me smoke this zip
 i lost my id so nick is buying weed for me 
 when you cant close the yearbook @ hempstead high school dubuque  iowa 
 if you ever drink or smoke ill lose faith in humanity. 
 the only negative side effect of weed to me is finding adam sandler funny smh 
 @eddiecastle21 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 i say baby just drop that cheese cause you cant smoke for free
 about to smoke my 4th bowl for today  
 bookend. ashevillenc craftbeer @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 @strawberrywish its very weeds but zombies instead of drugs...right
 i will not smoke anymore   smoking a blunt 
 if you smoke cigarettes dont talk to me.
 libs  fingerwaves @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 on the aesthetics of this the smoke is ugly. gradients of the fumes clash with the flatness of the hand and torch. 
 all i wanna do is smoke 
 she smoke krack. you kant acknowledge this lady 
 a mouth full of smoke helps me see clearer
 calling this right now by 2027 drones will be delivering weed and its covered by your health insurance.
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes available   job
 he can dress ampd he smoke  
 psa if youre going to smoke in the car plesse role the window down  thnx 
 i put my weed in yo blunt 
 i think we gone smoke amp lay up tn 
 i wish i had friends to smoke with 
 cant rly say this. having watched weedencassel.. zeke doesnt run for 1600155.1 without a starting level qb. u 
 horrible pictures but  20 lbs of pork shoulders are headed to the smoker  porkshoulder pork 
 @realdonaldtrump no smoke up your ass either
 remember when me and @ryleighhwhite would smoke and try to vlog me either 
 i dont smoke but this is beautiful  
 got a scooter boi   alertalertalert @ old crow smokehouse huntington beach ca. 
 wyd after u smoke this  5 mins later 
 weed  dont smoke 
 i smoked medical once and laughed so hard i threw up lmao
 they teach you how to plant weed in kindergarten.
 ready to get off smoke and tap ..
 when these alleged straights boys ask me for weed connects 
 oh shit my mom found the weed...... lmaooo
 if medical marijuana were covered by insurance like opiods... our problems would be far less addictive and long ter 
 but this guy. he that last of my problems lmao. all i gotta do is tell him to leave money and weed i can always get that shit
 who got a weedman near kedzie
 my house is definition of lean amp weed addiction ..
 i bought some harambe glue last night. excited to smoke that 
 me dont need a bag for that beer.  cashier i think thats illegal me really youre located in between a weed store amp stripper baristas
 having people over for the super bowl of yall dont got nothing to do come eat and watch the game. smoke some blunts lol
 i do not fuck with the federals  i just go smoke on some medical
 3 drafts  4 select appetizers includes 6 piece jumbo smoked wings @ravenswoodq today  
 2017 style so far spend 45 mins blending a smokey eye and meticulously teasing beachy waves  then throw on an old band tee amp beat up boots
 my mission weed out the fake find the1 who wantz 2 b found . who sees the truth in a world full of lies. filthylivn family1st 4evapurpz
 i slaved 16.5 hours to smoke this pork butt. ready for sb51 superbowl fb 
   when i smoke freestyle young amp reckless coming very soon... @ogburna187
 @dunlapsports @hpbasketball brady sprains his ankle. grappo comes in and smokes them.
 a friend with weed is a friend indeed
 who wanna come scoop me amp smoke  
 who got the good gas @ appalachian state i need a weed man asap
 told my grandpa how depressed the super bowl made me he saidgo get high on something  that marijuana or whatever lol  classic
 i love her like pussy money weed
 okay im tired im gonna go smoke my new bong and watch youtube go pats
 ion wanna hit yo weed if the blunt aint bigger than yo fingergrapes superbowlsunday bigblunts 
 my ex really hated me fr lol he used to always be bitter i liked him better when he could smoke 
 can anyone please spot me a .5 of weed before i lose my mind
 @cnn @martysaurusrex good go smoke crack with obamas
 wont yu roll a nigga weed  do sumn extra and a lil sumn special for me
 walks in mels room me smoke up  toke up mel burn up  turn up 
 why did you smoke you a child of god now huh 
 twitter needa smoke a blunt n chill rn
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  customer to customer  reefer freight  
 you put enough money behind any artist and you can make them a thing in the publics eye.. its all smoke amp mirrors. consume
 lets smoke somewhere outside 
 i miss my bed and i just want to smoke a fat ass l 
 the damn pnp cant tell the difference between parsley  chives  and cannabis. 
 actually its not my last smoke  i just dont want to give you any
 bro this flight to cali next week thooooo. soon as i get off the plane im asking where the weed at
 just before this some guy gave me weed amp in exchange we hid him from the police lol @ las vegas 
 dont understand how you niggas flex money 247   smoke weed all day but yet yo transportation is everybody else
 can a mfk call   text me or send a smoke signal or sumn. gooodddaam
 @politicsnewz make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message msg
 ark legislature working hard to defeat ark constitutional amendment allowing medical marijuana. regnat populus yallthe people rule not u
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 819 washington blvd  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1145 w cross st  send message. 
 @flowverchild imma stop smoking weed forreal forreal  though. cant fuck around with my health like that. pray for 
 hokey smoke rocky may get nautical in the ol 62521 today. february 
 ugly god  famous dex  rich the kid  tyo  carti  xxx  nav  slumpgod  smokepurrp  lil pump  
 i remember when i said i would never touch marijuana i say as i put my edibles in my room 
 @erwincassidy i smoked away prolly 16k last year for fun with my boys but im broke
 @theweekend always makes me smoke weed
 needed something different. @ the dunedin smokehouse  @thedsmokehouse in dunedin  fl 
 today wouldve been a good day to go sit on the beach smoke a few joints take a few patron shots n chill. its pretty asf outside
 how r u gonna claim to be hard when u smoke marb lights 
 ima come smoke some blunts in here 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1811 lauretta avenue baltimore  t 
 im literally buying weed in craigslist with paypal right now.. ill let you guys know how it turns out.
 me and b smoked. went to class and then went home took naps and woke up around the same time. bestie
 okay i need to smoke cause that lil drink aint do shit
 all those times we stayed in. the way the smoke would fill the room  and wed be dancing in the clouds  like we had nothing to lose.
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 that time i tried to snort all the weed  bongappetit cannabiscrystals keef thcdistillate 
 get ya ass smoked like a blunt of purp
 acting like i didnt see that weed fall out of his pocket when he gave us change. right in front of jaxon 
 go smokem peace pipe. sleep w squaw  kill buffalo. return tomorrow in  headdress and listen to us confirm 
 equal rights amp justice for the cannabis community. set at liberty those who are oppressed. legalize cannabis freedom   us uk eu usa
  my fav caucasian  i love you boo we need to smoke soon
 this valebtines about to be lit  i got the magic formula  weed  pizza  my bed bruhh perfect date with myself 
 those smoke signals will become scalpings and war dances by sunrise. sitdown pocahontas 
 sometimes you just gotta smoke them
 eh   what do ya say bud smoke a dart  do a dab
 @abtrey @realteneleluhh @johnnydeh im hip im bout to send him a smoke care package this mans needs help
 damn  they can smoke in bars in philly  im a smell like shit when i head back to bk
 need new smoke buddies
 @dja2113 shit about to smoke a couple bowls b
 like fuck. i just wanna lounge and smoke with my man everyday. two days out of the week isnt long enough.
 lord help me cuz i need you. i know this weed is burning amp im on drink number 2 but its all to soothe the pain from this cold  cold world
 if you niggas dont smoke you out w no problem  that aint ya patna
 i tried talking to alex and she told me to fuck off so im gonna smoke and cry myself to sleep
 if i could get back all the money ive ever spent on weed i wonder how much i would have
 fire at madsen roofing on martin way  in lacy. lots of smoke and flames .@q13fox 
 trump administration may inspire congress to legalize marijuana  merry jane  potus and potstocks
 an hour into compassionate use amendment 2 workshop in tampa and still no dissenters to medical marijuana.
 care about my weed and myself  im selfish but thats the way that i succeed.
 mine gonna be a marijuana tree   the 1st of its kind 
 just seen a man slip and do 3 backflips on the ice. holy smokes
 told myself i wasnt gonna smoke today but the way my day is starting 
 my new suite mate just moved in and ever since then its smelled like dank weed but she only speaks chinese what do i do
 tbh i get really paranoid when i smoke alone. so last night i greened out by myself amp my vision was all wavy it was totally terrifying lol
 i just want to government to stay out of my weed and out of my pussy.
 we should legalize weed because it would help with malnutrition  hayden edmondson  presidential candidate 2036
 @jonapplebaummn if your bill were to become law  would you be in favor of sunday weed sales
 in my cannabis garden stillnotfinished ht2 @ brickell 
 i just need this weed in my system
 bbq with the fam @ rollin smoke barbeque ll 
 who wants to get up and smoke hit me up  im in reseda.
 i dont understand people who skip class to smoke weed in the bathroom or elsewhere  i mean do you but theres a place and time for that 
 my whole family smoke weed from my great grandmas to my 13 year old cousins.
 cant wait for the summer man the beers get colder the nights get longer and you can smoke outside 
 only concern when theres an impending storm i need weed lol
 @40datruth lmao  niggas whole job is to roll weed and listen to boogie and still..smfh.
 three am climbing up your window  ounce of that good smoke blowing smoke out  your window.... i think im ready to jump out the window
 trying to smoke a wood in the woods . in a jacuzzi. that sounds relaxing lol
 my clsss room smells like weed 
 definitely trynna smoke or go out for drinks this weekend. see a movie or some shit.
 cheri sicard is a cannabis cook amp cookbook author. this link takes you to a page  to sign up for her on line class 
 you cant call yourself a smoker if you cant roll.
 im just going to listen to old music  smoke a little  sip on this lemonade and pretend like my life is alright.
 fuuuuuuck  i shouldnt have smoked so much before watching this lmao @legionfx
 @mpascoe theres nothing scientific behind the laws regarding cannabis. all social and political.
 im just trying to smoke 
 worst loss of the season for the celtics ugh  how do you get smoked like this by the kings wo cousins in the lineup celtics nbakings
 @amarisjessica i just need to smoke
 you can inject marijuana
 to smoke rn or to not smoke rn
 today i should do laundry and clean but i think im gonna smoke and read game of thrones instead
 i left for school early and was driving behind a smoker going 10 under and came to the conclusion they deserve lung cancer
 rollin marijuana thats a true vacation.
 guess ill smoke before i go to work
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 my mom wont eat the brownies i made because she thinks i put weed in it lmfaoooo
 did this nigga just smoke a ghost pepper..... white people be trippin mane lmao 
 day 4 no smoking. having a tough time  i wish i never smoked when i was younger. smoked over half of my life. icandoit
 beyond all the coverage of trumps craziness his team is changing things behind the scenes its all smoke amp mirrors resist shepersisted
 see our latest olean  ny job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 i dead ass feel for whoever is trapped with no weed. smh.
 my grandmas weed fell out her leg in walmart  im currently crying 
 the shit in his mouth smoker  
 see our latest batesville  ms job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   clayton  oh
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   crawfordsville  in job
 milf weed
 libertarians are just conservatives who like weed
 i get a u smoke everyday maybe 3 times a day
 if i smoke this whole half today i will be mad af tomorrow 
 @marcscottemery in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 lemme smoke and relieve stress
 man i just need someone whose down to get scooped up smoke then hit the movies with me  why is that so hard to ask for
 yeah im bout to smoke lll
 real shit if someone brings me a rello ill smoke u up
 when bae takes you on a super special smoke stack tour that involves 10 and beers at 10 in the 
 @ad31 happy b day my son u dont smoke though
 the smokescreens  the chokes and the screams you ever wonder what it all really mean
 people who post snaps of them smoking weed are soooooo cool
 my hobbies include eating  smoking weed and yoga 
 how half yall females smoke  
 lol nun of my brothers smoke no more fr i be flying solo 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3406 e baltimore st  send message. 
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 wicked weed pernicious ipa now available on tap.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 @traveltx i know plus shes so smart and growing like a weed dogsoftwitter rvlife rvliving 
 all you females do is  lie   talk to more than 1 nigga   smoke weed  watch make up tutorials amp pump gay boys head up.
 an incredible seasonal salad from the kitchen smoked king salmon  beet  radicchio  marmalade  meyer lemon join us t 
 i was walking down the hall and it smelled like weed so badly and then i realized it was my neighbor across the hall  yikes.
 holy smokes babe you sound amazing  
 boy do i miss dallas weed
 my homeboy showing his lil brother how to use his grinder lol weed brings everybody together
 ive got nothing against people who smoke cigarettes  but if theres 1 thing i wish didnt exist cigarettes would be it 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 2201 booth street baltimore  tras 
 @bertkreischer @dougbenson thanks bert that means a lot to me. unfortunately with drinking i just get sick as i drink more. more weed
  what i smoke nigga
 @jessadoodle113 @samanthabehr6 jessie u smoke my whole pack when im w u stfu
 people smoke to calm down   i smoke amp get mad . only me 
 erells is on this up in smoke comedy crew show with my hilarious 
 just posted a photo @ speakeasy vape lounge and cannabis club sevl 
 i have what apparently is a smoked salmon breakfast pizza 
 @ashton5sos and most things in between. i roam the city in a shopping cart  a pack of camels and a smoke alarm
 i dont smoke no fuckin swishers
 i need to smoke a blunt or two now
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes available   job
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gonna forget you
 class  sleep  smoke 
 heavy truck accident blocks exit ramp on 610 w lp nb at hempstead traffic 
 always good chatting with @timgriffinbig12 our postgame bbq talk got me craving some smoked meats. its not burnt e 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 just tryna smoke
 no lie  whatever weed my bf got got me feeling good as hell 
 or bring me food amp ill give u weed
 wonder will a lil weed make this heartburn go away
 your sister boyfriend gives you that look ........ lets smoke and chill so you know whats about to go down. wha 
 some one come over and smoke w me
 imma need some weed
 @xcandeey do you smoke
 who tryna get smoked out hmu
 dancing with the devil smoking weed till his eyes would bleed
 i dont smoke  so idc if you pass me this i promise you im throwing that shit  
 @rocknrollrach sorry this didnt happen but cl definitely sells beer and is worth going even if cigarette smoke wall hits you hard at door
 theres nothing better than weed
 ilove it when my friends smoke with me i love you bitch @madipate01
 i cant stand people who talk down on other people who smoke weed
 im 20 years old and my mother finally doesnt have a problem w weed b l e s s
 man idk whos random hookah this is but they invited me to smoke it so best belive i am 
 lost some weed tonight 
 ill smoke you out lol
 time to smoke a bowl 
 i know the only way imma fall asleep is if i smoke 
 pops bitchin off the gas smoke   tol em how u think i help you out when ya funds low 
 when i get this weed out of my system the first thing im doing is getting this job at the hotel
 shoot your weed man if that shot not gas
 we are being lied to. smoke and mirrors. stephen miller is top wh bullshit attack dog. 
 @willieamerican putinelectedtrump ... this is the what happened nov 8.  fake news about voter fraud is just a smoke screen theresistance
 i got to hangout and smoke out with @slimedaddy69 last night. i love everyone in @hangingmoontn
 if you are to busy to smoke a cigar  you are to busy. 
 dope smoke  @ sacramento  california 
 holy smokes  @adele grammys redcarpet bestdressed whoisshewearing
 i hate a slow ass fuckn weedman 
 mood u old petey pablo take ur shirt off wave it round ur head like a helicopter i aint put enough weed in the blunt all i do is smoke toba
 you in the service so you cant smoke when you get upset 
 you ever be mad af  then smoke  then think damn i was tripping  
 katy  smokeshow
 this weed tho grammys
 probably finna smoke me two blunts and crash 
 do you guys smoke weiner  the one and only  @samuelcooper81
 holy smoke girl my girl @marenmorris is killing it mywholebodyiscoveredwithgoosebumps
 pussy  money  weed aint all i got to offer. i can bless you with so much more.
 dont give me no mother fuckin bammer weed bitch niggah in the 415 its a problem @larryjunetfm
 everybody i know smoke weed.
 great night for adele. was an honor being at staples to see her smoke the competition and her george michael tribute.
 guess ill smoke then go to sleep
 how do the chain smokers have a grammy but @nkotb dont imnotunderstansing @donniewahlberg help me out with this please
 theres crackheads and men that smoke blacks in my mentions and on that note  im going to sleep.
 got stopped on the beach for weed fake news sad
 are d.c.s weed delivery services legal 
 how to protect yourself from buying bad marijuana 
 damn valentines day is tomorrow  fuck it  its gone be me and my weed 
 @lirr who is responsible for snow removal in the town of hempstead lots them or you
 roll up nd smoke dese drugs wit me
 so many dudes who skinned off after a lottery ticket and a pack of smokes only wish they had half this excuse 
 not for kids  new labels required on marijuana edibles starting tuesday  waleg
 i just wanna count 100s and smoke hella weed 
 of course i said yes  but after i smoke this blunt
 yo somebody should pick me up from school.. ill smoke you down
 this @caldwellcigars lasttsar is one awesome smoke  monday be damned  nowsmoking 
 in hollywood smoking flavored weed in a upper class condo feeling v boujee
 getting aj weed and weed accessories for valentines day cause hes picky af but i know he can always use some weed lol
 so i coulda been smoked all my weed   i was holding off on it bc i thought i was gonna get this job 
 why the chain smokers win a grammy all they do is go bee boo bop on a keyboard
 40 min left of class til i can smoke a hot ass spliff
 @olivialanemusic your single me to i want someone that wont smoke and that wants a relationship and that is honest i hope
 i work  take care of my son  smoke hella weed  cater to my nigga  travel  and go to strip clubs 
 id smoke sm pot in there 
 i havent smoked in over a month amp have done coke in 3 weeks  ima go crazy....
 @cflores178250 seems likely theres fire with that smoke otoh  ive always thought of @vicentefoxque as a trumpian sort aka  blowhard.
 yeah i had a drink   yeah i smoked
 do i want to smoke or just go to sleep  
  chain smokers r trash 
 id kill somebody. i try not to say shit like that but i would really smoke that bitch if i saw that go down 
 coulda been our national bird. i love the wild turkeys  out here in the great smokey mountains. 
 so aint nobody up with weed huh 
 @wtffrench my weed canister fell out of my bag and its somewhere in the gym 
 no amount of alcohol or weed can suppress this sadness
 i smoke on the mic like smokin joe frazier. the hellraiser  raisin hell with the flavaaaaah
 i only smoke cigs if they are fancy  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 2025 mchenry street baltimore  tr 
 do white people put heroine in their weed
 i sometimes trip out how much ive cut on smoking weed. shit was draining my wallet like a mofo
 ill turn your girlfriend into a pall mall smoker
 @jtitum mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @savannahhope mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 i just smoke maryjane everyday to numb the pain away
 @teetime4 mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @tayloglo mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @lilsarrahsosa mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @morganbrenay mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @raymoneyymmdb mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 need a valentines my prices vary... 20 we just fuck 50 boyfriend experience 100 smoke fuck and go out to eat hmu
 @nicholastephon mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @kingklip mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @xmadenamerica mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @jamilaaaar mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 yall forgot sistrunk since yall seem to only wanna sell weed in the hood. 
 my weedman is my valentine 
 @chocolateekkiss jk i woke up late and didnt get to smoke before class 
 will someone smoke me out before i guvkimg kill myself
 only in the case of republicans. everyone should see this for what it is smoke and mirrors. republicans need to do 
 saw my bus go by as i got off. fml. could really go for a smoke now. ugh. @ bridgeview cook county court house 
 lots of smoke  you know the fire is near. 
 cant wait to get home and smoke cam driving me crazy
 bout to smoke his fat ass blunt after work
 this is why you dont smoke crack children 
 why you stressing on a tuesday come amp smoke a few.
 when ur coworker lets u leave to go smoke a bowl 
 crawfish and mirliton linguine with grated parmesan and cold smoked crab claw butter 
 best way to hide marijuana plants from helicopter view  in a legal state.  without greenhouse.
 who wants to smoke real quick
 just smoke weed and youll forget everything  
 hemp seed food products are also considered more allergyfree than many other seeds. hemp seeds 
 i still got one more day here and i just ran out of nw weed ineedtogohome
 need weed man  
 im smoking me a marijuana soon
 lets smoke one
 my roomie really asked me not to come home because she plans on getting her boots smoked tonight 
 im about to smoke so much weed oh my god.... shit has me a little frightened
 my first valentines day in a very long time as single so today i proclaim self lovei donated bloodampit is my first day being smoke free 
 someone come watch movies amp smoke w me .. im bored as hell 
 fire gt smoke
 @275yungsimmie for xxlfreshmanclass2017 @xxl dont sleep on big smokey
 roll one smoke one and were just havin fun
 long story short have less drugs with your friends less  smoke less sex  and get off your phone 
 everything but the smoke. 
 you dont want smoke w my gang
 all i did today was work  smoke and sleep lmao
 im sorry but like.. how do yall not smoke bud
 bet lets smoke 
 so im studying on campus right now  working on the 4.0 grind and some deep weed is literally playing with a taser..like an actual taser
 i do not consider homegrown as good weed may end my v day with a head ache 
 i just wanna smoke amp vent right now.
 deadass just lit a stale amp expired taki on fire and smoked it 
 finsta  where girls post their weed habits and hangover problems
 if you wanna invest  invest in some weed stock i promise you money will be made
 never smoked a blunt at all 
 pete just told me to roll up a fattie and lets smoke in the dump truck lmao
 cleared construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road
 i really need to stop buying so many smoked butter scotch lattes 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4020 wilsby avenue baltimore  send message. 
 where da weed at in tampla fl 
 pray4djt  @brunelldonald  youve got wolves on your train  in sheeps clothes.  need to send out a party to smoke em out
 now a days  i dont blaze  because there are bad sides to weed. its not completely safe as most believe... 
 i havent smoked all day and its 4. progress
 im pretty sure bill walton smokes pack lol
 im tryna smoke but i aint tryna smoke wit no niggas today.. i need a chick to be my smoking buddy lol
 fuck yeah ill smoke you out  
 evan said to me.. why your eyebrows spell like weed 
 wish i can smoke a damn freaking blunt or 2 rn but for a 30 a hour i will stay clean even though i still around the smoke  bake always.
 everyone sell weed it should never be hard to get some tree round here 
  anit nun wrong with smoking weed    god put this here for you and me   
 texas weed not worth it im not buying it no more
 got asked if i wanted to smoke at work tonight by some customer lmao
 i was dead telling rythima n anika that smoking so much weed in high school dead made me slow lmfaoo 
 @calibuddz gas what i smoke nigga
 bouta smoke my lungs out and play cod zombies 
 i love old people that smoke weed
 omg so just finished watching this scary movie n i go outside to smoke a blunt n the fucken light goes out  i ran inside i fucken scared
 craving dennys or waffle house or whataburger and ill smoke pot with ya and float the bill soo hungry
 there was like an explosion somewhere in valencia. wth was that. i could hear it form gv. and see smoke
 wow thats fucked up. all this mid  nobody to smoke it with smh 
 @beedrizzle @taaysavage taylor smokes
 if she smokes or drinks on the daily is she even a woman. i emphasized woman
 drink one  smoke one... stream the overtimeep  thisiswhatnewyorksoundslike overtime ep 
 @cnn crappy ass weed lol
 i got no smoke fuckin another dudes biddy  but dont be sloppy if my shorty fucked a guy  id blame shorty. but niggas aint build like that
 my shirt smells so much like smoke lol
 flagler sr11 from haw creek rd to cr304 is closed due to smoke from a brush fire katiescommuters 
 flagler sr11 from haw creek rd to cr304 is closed due to smoke from a brush fire katiescommuters 
 me someone reeks of weed wtf  me two sec later o wait its me
 lots of fire activity in central and south florida. lets be careful out there watch for smoke advisories. 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 @xogeorgiajones @tribeandcbj i feel you on that  ms. gajones lets smoke one and fuck about it tonight...
 mix dat lean mix dat yellow wit dat purp smoke my gas amp rap my verse
 @imtheboyofsteel well if you smoke especially that long  youre asking for it. but cancer is still a thing nobody should suffer through 
 @phillytalk @spongeworthy2 protesting is evil.....freedom is evil....go smoke a joint
 whenever the donald tweets  hes gaslighting  deflecting  diverting  smoke screening. youd be best served looking 
 if any nigga really want smoke w me only they gotta do is pullup on me 
 its hard to stop smoking when you got so much school and work going on u cant help but to smoke a blunt 
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e ...httpst.cozcourcno1x
 hg cl ng all smoked today. energy not believing today
 u.s. government finally admits marijuana really do... 
 those the niggas that let em smoke for free tho  they love that shit 
 there have been rumors of smoke coming from the double gym. its just the nets burning from @tonyjones20 shooting display last night 
 mark your calendar 221 careers amp coffee features women in arts administration 6730pm in ella weed  milbank 2nd floor. rsvp on nace 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 we used to have big time concerts where notredame plays basketball...... halted too much pot smoke everywhere... elvis 2 nights in a row.
 someone come get a beer with me or smoke a blunt or something. 
 if you claim you smoke weed but roll a whole half g in a blunt. you dont smoke 
 ready go home  so i can get some good food and weed 
 k i have a 5 weed cookie from some sketch dispensary. i hope i feel nice off it for that price
  bampc melrose bbq specials today  smoked salmon  smoked ribs  amp nachos come see us @ 2617 franklin pike 
 somebody tried to send weed thru the mail  ....it smell like a pound in the post office 
 i cannot stress enough the importance of having working smoke alarms amp co alarms in the home  fire marshal 
 i just wanna smoke everyday  reminiscing on the times i was broke everyday  
 @maln i think its more so ppl who arent hip allowing the weed man to work them cuz they dont know better lol
 wake up amp smoke good weed
 how you gone sell bud amp you smoke it it aint trickin if you got it
 bruh im tryin hit my weed. i cant be coming in town staying at my peoples crib no more lol
 @yessbree waiting on thee pack to get here to smoke b4 i eat. get it together buddy lol
 i want a cigarette. i havent smoked in about a week 
 i didnt lose my weed it was in my sock
 headwaters cheeseburger with caramelized onions and smoked tomato aioli  side fries 
 yayyyy powers back on had to smoke my emergency bowl bc i didnt know what to do w myself lol
 i stg panda is goodys new weed is he good
 that was a sign that i needed to smoke lol 
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6w  southern...httpst.coskghzdpbgp
 i shouldve just smoked some kush yesterday and went to sleep but nooo  i wanted to drink.
 im a non smoker still keepin  truth offends fuck your feelings this aint what you want
 @isaiahrhodes i know  im being facetious but this nigga is trash right now in this game. smoked mad layups amp just od outta shape
 @lukeskywaka24 i think kyrie smoked about a pound of dabs before he went on the podcast lmao
 i wish more than anything nora could smoke a cig with me right now
 smoking weed riding round
 nobody to smoke w tonight 
 should i smoke and tweet or drink and tweet
 i got arrested for smoking weed and my dad swears that im going to jail
 off this weekend.  time to smoke myself onto a coma.  frieday
 i feel high but i didnt smoke whats going on
 @deadeyedraw what about smoked rum how do you feel about that
 the last time i smoked gas  i almost crashed that whip  
 bitch was literally in charge of a 2 things. a diving sandwich and weed. forgot both is those for a bag selfish
 hood weed  
 listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 @crystal420    wow  is that all weed products  i imagine my state alabama will be the last to even consider legalization..  
 mom how much money did u spend on weed                                   me 
 smmfh  thanks for ruining a good time. is there no more weed for you to smoke is why youre being a helicopter cunt  pmo
 @therealrvd weed is legal in colorado 420 
 i just want a fat blunt but my weed in my sock.
 all i do is smoke an chill when im @ work lmao
 another smutterday post  this one for blowing smoke 
 we smoked an ounce saturday  its never enough blunts my nigga 
 no body to smoke with and i already smoked a blunt to my self 
 whos got me on sum smoke
 baby we dont have to fuck   we can smoke and let me talk to you
 medical marijuana works. 
 i like to change up the bud i smoke every day.. i would get tired of the smoking the same bud by the next day lol
 is tonight the night i smoke my first black and mild of 2017
 i know i dont smoke  but this dont look right  
 i smoked 6 blunts today wow
 night out @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 these bitches need to get the priorities together be more worried bout smoking weed and popping pills than handling business
 @alecthedurdle every. single. morning lol i think its that wildfire smoke though that is nearby finally hitting us. its crazy outside.
 l13 @phillyfiredept communityoutreach smoke alarm installation today in kingsessing hey @redpawrelief what about 
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 1200 block of sw taylor st  portland  or portland fire rp17000014859 0806 pdx911
 non smokers are aggy.
 sunday. 72f and sunny. ribs on the smoker and @stonebrewingco stoneripper in my hand. yeah  this works for me.
 made him drive 2hrs to bring me weed and eat my ahhh and then sent him on his way  no head or none
 body of a skinny kid  soul of a fat one need to sit back amp smoke a fat one
 wings that were in the smoker for an hour and a half  now finishing off on the grill for that crisp skin 
 we deserve a smoke break..
 end of the first quarter and its already 53 to 48  holy smokes
 @amctalkingdead smokey and the bandit joins the walking dead
 @rojamesxix smoke sum.. 
 @sarahksilverman @presssec u are seriously blaming anti trump fakenews on trump honest question how much pot did u smoke today
 patrick dempsey is a smoke in cant buy me love
 just tryna smoke   watch tv   and then go to sleep
 suggestions of bacon smoke.  sweet overly and a bi... smoked maple syrup imperial stout  photo
 @amctalkingdead why was the smokey and the bandit semi trailer in the show tonight 
 when i still smoked menthols my mom asked me what so terrible happened in your life that made you start smoking me 
 someones smoke detector is going off and i dont wanna have a fire drill 
 pop upmeet amp greet in sf at smokeshoponhaight @mollytreyways @thatdude415  bestoneproductions 
 guess ill try to smoke myself into a coma
 @genghistron3d @brittsieee aww lil smokey 
 now its officiailly ok to freak out all the time about ganja white night amp boogie t thursday 
 thank you benzos and kratom and coke and gabapentin and weed 
 holy smokes. 
 if anybody would like to smoke bring me a lighter please  
 make america great again trump  on my way back down to miami 305 @ smokey mountains north 
 daily smokin weed cuz ah nigga thoughts is cloudy
 she only smokes when she drinks she only drinks now and then now and then when shes tired of bein let down by men
 we can see the smoke from old town alexandria 
 id smoke a poll
 another perfect day in the burbs. nofilter blueskies beach beachlife @ weed beach 
 went on a run  did some yoga now im gonna make a smoothie and sit outside and tie hemp 
  be a truth seeker about the cannabis plant.
 its crazy how dependent my appetite is on smoking weed 
 now ill smoke a lil reefer  
 051 you niggas hoes. ask fathead about that smoke
 @audiaanthony nah i only smoke penises
 i was so depressed i literally smoked cigarettes which is the nastiest things you can ever ever ever do do not ever fuck with those yall
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 fuck bongs bro  we smoke big blunts
 paola a real one she came to my job to smokeme out when i was on break 
 like i rather catch my child smoking weed than smoking a cigarette  
 when u wanna smoke your bowls make sure u have a hemp wick to light first so you dont inhale butane ya turkey 
 drugs truly scare the fuck out of me  weed is about the only thing i fuck with
 im tryna be out to dubai and then to afghanistan to smoke all da kush w my pops lmaoooo
 not ready for all my headaches when i cant smoke
 i wish i could smoke. i be irritated 80 of the time
 when you smoke the herb  it reveals you to yourself  bob marley
 bouta smoke and go tf to sleep its getting past my bed time
 before i left 30th street station  someone outside asked me for a lighter so he could smoke his blunt. but he didnt even share. so rude.
 @ggoodgas what about that time debo tried choking me and smoke out back   oh that was different
 @reallilscrappy @scottybyrd scrappy follow me they hacked my old shit im done to smoke if you ever in the 304
 i stg once im off probation everybody invited to the brib for a smoke sesh omm 
 @jadaindigo well my dumbass dont pay for weed so idgaf im just saying if you smoke you should expect at the most to pay 15   go away ...
 omfg on god dis niggas favorite line  i buy too much fuckin weed 
 i dont smoke anymore dont ask me to
 thats a facts but its our hip hop scene  so we gotta embrace the talent out here the fakes will get weeded out 
 where theres smoke theres fire. @vailresorts purchases @stowemtresort for 50m.    
 great weed amp good movies 
 this is to a member of your fandom. hemp me to get rid of curious cat @joegatto @jamessmurray @bqquinn @salvulcano 
 i cant date a girl who smokes all day
 came to the doctors and ask me do you drink alcohol im like naw and do you smoke im like naw lol  
 i also only smoke im@screaming you are acting like im out here doing coke which is very serious and ppl who do it shouldnt be demonized
 the videos are being uploaded via @goodfellows52 smoke signal system...it will be awhile 
 theres extra credit for a study on people that smoke weed or drink alot. ayeeeee 
 @maddow    trumps smoke screen to get off the russia story who hacked our account
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 48014899 foster avenue baltimore  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 45014599 portugal st  
 is that a weed
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   elmira  ny
 vegas todays awesome deal at oasis medical. cannabis staymedicated 
 very confused as to why everyone smokes juuls now i thought we collectively decided as a society we were antivaping
 im at texas smoke bbq in jefferson  nj 
 last time me peyton and majeski all smoked together we almost died in a car crash so im kinda scared today
 ugh that loaded cream cheese bagel amp coffee from winchells is not sitting well with my stomach  i need to go home amp smoke already.
 holy smokes theres a whole episode on oklahoma on the travel channel right now all about unique foods
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 need more friends to smoke with
 why do people come to my house and smoke in my drive way 
 oh you smoke this bitch is a pothead 
 this marijuana class is actually really interesting 
 when the cops show up not just because the weed too loud but you just loud lmo
 when you want to smoke but dont feel like rolling up
 habesha parents do the most tho they act like niggas smoking crack  knowing they probably used to smoke
 peanut what is ur favorite food peanut meat  chat weed
  . . . friedchicken friedandtrue kwawesome soulfood  @ the lancaster smokehouse 
 when the tree super good im in no rush to smoke it. 
 i dont wanna be here if i dont gotta  my weed habit so close to snortin powder
 a fan of messy smokey eyes over herevideo with full details posted up on youtubesong 
 do not smoke willie nelson if youre tryna go to sleep dumb ass. 
 @purifoy nigga pull up and smoke when you free.
 ill never trust a girl who smoke swishers and drink four lokos
 why is it so difficult to try and find someone to smoke a cigarette with
 i will sell my uterus and all my ovarian eggs for weed money right now i dont need them i dont want no kids
 man who weed can i smoke
 i dont wanna smoke with you  your money too funny amp i dont wanna joke with you
 great bbq @ south street smoke house in lafayette  in 
  marijuana industry projected to create more jobs than manufacturing by 2020 via @forbes  @wallandbroad
 sxsw 2017 cannabis in the event world sxsw cannabis  via @sxsw
 the new @cannabisculture marijuana shop in ottawa on bank st. opened today. @ ottawa  ontario 
 when i get smoke in my eyes 
 when you waiting for the weed man to come out after you just told him you was pullin up. 
 i dont get people that wear weed shirts  hats   especially in states where its illegal. theyre just asking for police to harass them.
 damn i miss living in south loop lol it was so easy to hit up people to smoke in the park or at the beach... now niggas in pilsen or logan 
 does smelling weed make you high
 all 4 of them habitually smoke marijuana cigarettes
 @rayz2cents weeds legal now. i make my living smoking it  eating it  and writing about it. get used to that its not going to change d
 who ever said 20 min naps are the best for you smokes fuckin crack
 with nmleg considering legalizing marijuana  i sat down with @kob4 @calebjameskob to discuss the economics 
 im tom kaiser  and i have smoked for 40 plus years. . . it is genetics that kill people. .not food  or other shit
 new song from the ie boyz smokeout99 @audiopush cuz i just want to chill and smoke can we do 
 @plagueofprogs @melanieeresman @expatjake youd be surprised how many cons smoke..they just dont talk about it in polite company
 i wanna smoke 
 i think 4th year is all about coming to terms with your own mortality and holy smokes i am so incredibly bad at this
 oregon gettin smoked
 im making pancakes and madison deadass sprinkled weed into the batter
 i just smoked a blunt witcho gf
 anyone who likes shameless should watch weeds  
 i need to smoke so my right eye is as red as my left 
 when someone compliments you by saying they love your hair bc its purple just like their marijuana.
 @blenzzzzz i hate when people smoke anoints too
 the weed make me think man it put me in a vibe 
 i just woke shorty up and asked him if he wanted to smoke with me and all he said was prepare it. keeper
 i rather smoke than sip shit even if i forget shit 
 the smoke shop exemption is a great idea. its just like restaurants having a liquor license. 
 @champagnejojo @papachief @djschreach561  let me see maybe its because you dont smoke
 so so so so sad i didnt get a ticket for ganja white night before it sold out 
 never trust a female who prefer to smoke flavored gars.
 @justintrudeau @jodieemery  from1 loving parent to another.plz legalize cannabis.not 1 person has died from it. rx is killing our kids
 @therealnymart huh ps  im a guy who limited fluid intake in hs to avoid using restrooms dominated by smokers who hazed nonsmokers.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 29092999 east pratt street baltimore  
 @bulldoggebite weird  all i hear is ima big puss who acts tough on the internet because id get smoked in real life...
 soft lob texture waves | dimensional smoked ashbury balayage melt and babylights | after color 
 ma law legalized marijuana to regulate it like alcoholic beverages.  i wonder if federal prohibition could be chall 
 don q smoked young veterans
 im a joker im a smoker
 i gotta take a piss test for my p.o   i know i failed cause i done smoked hella weed bro.
 trying to say that marijuana falls into the same class of problems as opiates is just obsurb
 people be so surprised when i say i dont smoke 
 trump said during the campaign that marijuana was a state issue. keep your word. change federal law to allow states decide. @realdonaldtrump
 i miss jaz amp weeda  need to see them.
 closing out schooled at @goodgoodcomedy is @thedookness  talking about her first time smoking weed. a cat is involv 
 wanna get high but i refuse to smoke with my brother again so umm stay sober 
 i smoke too much
 plug sleep and i need to smokee
 i wish i had a blunt to smoke. the night capper before bed is always a must
 leave the rights of women amp trans kids up to the states  but throw all pot smokers in private prisons amp send tanks 
 lgbt rights its a states decision legalized marijuana  its a federal law voting everyone register guns no background check
 and furthermore susan  i wouldnt be surprised to find the 4 of them eventually smoke marijuana cigarettes.. reefers
 not sure i understand how lgbt rights are state issues  but marijuana is a federal one.
 this classroom smell like a whole weed shop
 @mdageospatial holy smokes eh... did you just buy @digitalglobe 
 cant wait to go home  smoke  and fall asleep. im exhausted af. 
 students evacuated from montwood hs due to smoke in the building. no immediate threat to students. 
 bad doctors over prescribing isnt the cause of opioid abuse  marijuana is. right. 
 ab1527 new state and local marijuana regulatory agencies employees. 
 recreational marijuana is a lot safer than opioid dependence it can be used to go off of opioids.
 my life so ironic i break the cancer paper off dutches but i smoke cigarettes lmfao.
 tastes like weed  drinking a thunder cloud by @churchbrewworks @ house of 1000 beers   
 i hate when weed mans take extra ass long
 need weed and near 15 hoover hmu
 why dont anyone smoke weed anymore....... everyone is into perk 30s.....  or meth 
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking.
 privacy rights privacy rights privacy rights weed queens masters of lush and remember blue waffle some 5tg grade shit. the book motherfucka
 i smoke every 14 days now
 the weed is all free    justinbieber
 bout to smoke hella backwoods this my last weekend smoking too.
 married2med   gay and the andy reference was weak.  it would have been better not to address it.  is there smoke drdarrin
 @potus is all about states rights to violate title ix but not to implement marijuana laws passed by popular vote. 
 @larryt1940 lkets give trump time amp benefit of the doubt i believe he will help us to get hemp legal we need to believe him let him work
 incident on wantaghstateparkway sb at exit w3w  hempstead turnpike 
 all i do is smoke in eat shyt all day
 so tired   just trynna smoke amp chill .
 as the marijuana burns we can our turn singing them dirty rap songs
 im smoked out  
 @amandaflorent you know im drunk out my fuckin mind lmao and im mad cause i wanna smoke
 @nc5 watching now.. you know its kind of ironic that its called the great smokey mountains  and its earned the name now. climatechange 
 i had a dream i got caught smoking weed in my dorm so im debating if this is a sign that i need to stop smoking weed in my dorm....
 loves basketball like me  freak nasty like me  amp smokes weed just as much as me gtgtgt   
 @potus @realdonaldtrump  i dont drink alcohol  i dont smoke cigarettes or marijuana  i support legalization and taxation of marijuana.
 im at cherrywood shopping center in hempstead  ny 
 weed really isnt for me i be feeling depressed when i smoke 
 red cross and dc fire out making a difference. neighborhood canvasing to educate and check smoke alarms in se dc. 
 @annuhbele awesomr pics u got all of them except for that runaway ninjajensen did he pull out the cloud of smoke and disappear 
 cant find my wallet or my weed 
 im allergic to smokeamp ive been in a rent a car that smells like smoke for 4 hours on our way to dallasamp ive never been this close to death
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 get it i just wanna roll this up  and smoke it  happy saturday everybody.  hope youre 
 today on what the fuck customer told me that just wait  trump will do good. are you smoking some of that weed republicans want to ban
 there tucked everything under the rug  shit shana bayder a nutrionist of mine there used to come over during lunch breaks to smoke pot
 this is all because i quit weed and cigs so ayeee
 it does hemp when the former vp campaigns in a state senate race. 
 been a week now without ganja.  the withdrawal is starting to get a little better
 ya boys just trynna smoke
 @souljaian cool. @souljaian followers lololol. all them niggas do is fake smoke cigarettes  fetish for xans  and dick tug
 my mom say she so sick that she cant grease my scalp but can smoke a cigarette foh 
 i smell like pussy  money  and weed... she say ooooh i like your cologne....
 my cousin smoking weed while listening to indian music and says thats the most relaxing shit
 this man just said i wanna smoke a cigarette with you . 
 @whitehouse just wants a lot of  busywork and smokescreens while it systematically destroys checks and balances. 
 im glad the media is weeding out he weak i care more about morals then i do about how many followers
 @littlelibtard @blizzisme @marilynlavala @kazmierskir @lelandpc sounds like the weed your smoking is pretty good the left has gone lemings
 start my day with a biscuit and a cigar full of weed 
 yeah no kidding you take like 5 bars or weed brownies every weekend  id say far from innocent 
 @lainghome   do you have a new blog i missed.  will be out a few days  so let me know please. and be sure to keep up with your weeding...
 home smoked pork belly  eggs from the property...  country life 
 @boounds smoke a blunt shut the fuck up.
 hey a funny thought was ugly so now hate me cuz im susi n cute men suck it any rather sensitive male he or she ty  n weed n music n ur hack
 sorry i pick up three clicks my teeth how feel near n threw blame weed love it no wonder take it jealous love hmmmph
 24 girls basketball teams head to san antonio for the uil final 4. 6 will be state champions when the smoke clears. shut up amp deal
 did you just smoke another pole @seedanerun because theres still something there  @othergregwolson @rmbrice @argusjohns @cnn
 i need to smoke like 10000 blunts  .
 renewed us crackdown will hurt jobs amp damage the 6 billion marijuana industry  the doj to enforce laws even in states where weed is legal
 who trying to smoke this l with me
 when im around too much cigarette smoke my eyes start to water so bad.
 if i had all the weed ive ever dropped  id be snoop
 after as close as i was yesterday for the qqq 300  watching daytona500 today was even better. and  smokes finally 
 if u dont have nothing going for yourself all u do is sit around and smoke w yo niggas all day dont even bother to try to fwm ..
 someone get pizza w me and lets smokeeee
 if he smokes cigarettes i dont want him. 
 another year another weed festivalstaylit heres a flashback clip wit @breal who will be 
 shoot ya weed man if the dope aint smoking
 what a great night filled with food and an adult beverage even when i slightly smoke out my 
 paola got all these cute little kick it spots to smoke at
 @chopcheesehenny he talk shit lied the list goes one and said he could smoke me and im tryna fight him and his mans but he blocked me
 im salty i lost my smoke spot yesterday smh
 when the smoke alarm goes off while cooking dinner. twice.  oops
 so to @anthonyb97 for comin through lastnight amp schoolin me on how much a gram shld really cost w my non smoker ass who dnt knw shii lol
 just set the smoke alarm off cooking chicken at 1206 am which woke everyone up. anybody have an extra room
 i have the cough of a grown man who smokes a pack per day
 @djenvy ll cool j diss cannabis
 white people were okay with jeff sessions as ageven with his history of racismup until the point when he came after their legal weed.
 that had to be at least 3 weeds
 real gun smoke real cookie in best n da city   9375203106
 beauty guru now since this is a black smokey eye  wear a glossy nude lip.  me puts on a matte black lipstick done
 u shouldnt drink anything at all while pregnant. now weed wont hurt the baby but the rillo will. but u should jus 
 did a gjco couple simply follow legal advice when they ran an unlicensed weed business @gabyreport explores 
 im rlly just so happy weed exists bc its the only thing that makes all the shitty shit i go thru bearable
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 time to stop being antisocial  take a break from painting and smoke one with my friends. artlife futuredeadartists
 @dianabarakattt marijuana kills brain cells and makes you dumb cigarettes just make you look dope and smell good
 oh yeah its a creeper amp a brick wall amp then lots of smoke amp by smoke i mean gas 
 @marklevinshow do you  trump  bannon and limbaugh sit around smoking weed concocting these ridiculous theories or just bored old men wed
 this is from adam gottliebs the art and science of cooking with cannabis from 1973 and a total dig at the anarchis 
 picking up new batteries for my smoke detectors.   they get changed this weekend when the time changes.
 @soledadobrien  i n i refuse ta go ta free babylon doctors coz tha pigs own em pigs use mental health pros ta stigmitize weed ppl as crazy
 whats your addiction is it money is it girls is it weed
 messed around and got attached to ya  smoked a blunt and forgot about ya
 if preventative care was included in the new health care plan  then those  who dont smoke  drink  etc. could get incentives like discounts.
 maybe legalize weed that brings each state over 20 million a year  
 any of you north carolina bros wanna send me some wicked weed beers
 i need a new friend that smokes weed.
 dont have the urge to smoke as much lately
 i promise i stopped hittin him up after he had me hittin some bullshit ass weed 
 i need some weed
 1.8 mill ma marijuana voters predict prohibitionists wont hold office in 2030 but will need medicinals 
 ima smoke blunt after blunt @ the golden gate bridge
 i went from a drinker to a smoker. and thank god. lmaoooo.
 just threw a pork butt on the smoker. cant wait to pull my pork in the morning 
 @bullyray5150 spikedudley once asked @vincemcmahon for weed video   wwe roh ringofhonor impactwrestling
 the gym parking lot always smells like straight weed. i cant even fathom getting high to go work out
 real fat ass n she love to smoke that hydro 
 have you ever had the marijuana ice cream 
 yo lmaooo niggas gave the weedman a scratch off told him its a winner 
 my eyes are hella red and my mom thinks i smoked without her 
 yeah like chill out bih smoke a blunt 
 yall niggas gone get enough of ridin round smokin weed in ya car when ya dumbass get pulled amp u arrested for possession amp dwi .
 cuh its too cold to go smoke rn im solid in my cobija
 @speakerryan @secpricemd @repkevinbrady @repgregwalden @housecommerce @wotal smokeampmirrorsrepeal amp no replacementgtplanhad 8 yrs amp no plan
 so hot.....2nd one is just smoken hot 
 i took a 4 day backwood break. smoke one today and now i feel like im dying slowly smh
 vegas today at oasis medical cannabis vegasstoners vegasmedical vegasdispensary @ 
 @maxkellerman stay off the weed 
 this bitch stopped me in the middle of my game to ask if she smells like weed.....
 this is not what smokey wanted. 
 lmao came to lex with mom.. forgot my purse is full of weed.  she keeps asking why my windows down.. so you dont smell dis gas bitch
 i jus wana xount bands. n smoke dope
 @kathbarbadoro awww yeah notorious lover... of weed 
 no smoke and mirrors....it had better.  this has to be done right  and right this time. 
 @radgabs @isabellabok21  and dont forget the pot they smoke.
 1 oz and 14 of weed and u can get 7 years in jail  never going to missouri again 
 not the stuff that gets you high hempcrete  clothing amp other textiles  food products  biofuel  lets do this  wes 
 thats exactly why i wanna smoke again  
 fish fish fish at least im not sick but if u look in my fridge i have cod scallops pickled hirring and smoked salmon 
 bitch when i smoke a jay ima forget your ass
 @liammelady20 now that youre famous i can say i knew you when... before you smoked a goalie
 its so beautiful out so i smoked a joint on my fire escape and now im laying in bed... with the window open  tho
 i cant wait to smoke a mf blunt
 that smoke regular black and milds 
 yep. gotta buy some weed today. have to. not even up for discussion anymore.
 yes im gay asf but did yall forget im still a nigga ill smoke niggas bro like fr stop playin with me
 @doubletakejesse @armyparent wait...is this supposed to scare people into smoking weed or not  im confused.
 nothing bursts my bubble more than when i actually wanna be nice and spark someone and they turn it down because i dont smoke anymore
 if america would just legalize marijuana and tax it  we probably wouldnt be so far in debt
 fingerwaves @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 lmfao i remember one time me and jordan got into it and he wasnt talking to me and he was about to smoke amp my smart ass was like
 finna smoke a cig yall need one
 air compressors  brass connectors  wrecking chisels  smoke detectors  tire gauges  hampster cages  thermostats and bug deflectors.
 i wanna smoke so i can sleep but i dont like smoking wo kayla so like..... fuck my life lmfao
 my mom really thinks im an alcoholic but i rlly just go to the bar to smoke 
 all i want is two fat bitches and a bag of weed
 i hate when ppl treat free weed like free weed...then the next thing you know they be boujie as hell
 we got hella weed
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 crazy fact the declaration of independence was written on hemp paper factsmatter factcheck factoryhack trivia historymatters hemplife
 so fucking tired of smelling cigarette smoke from my roommates
 this guy added me on snap and said   you live in gt colton  you smoke right uh no sorry  why  explains  lol he deleted me
 but did he say yo clip gone be smoked 
 ive never smoked weed  been drunk  snuck out or skipped school. copy amp paste this as your status whoever likes it thinks your lying.
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i need the fire weed in bk to cure this headache
 idk how people prefer alcohol over weed like 3 blunts at night and ill bethe next day but liquor ill drink a cup andthe next day
 my smokes highly exclusive
 house gives preliminary approval to bill to study hemp use in animal feed sb109 
 @mikephager going to be hard to dodge in court considering @jodieemery lists herself as cannabis culture owner in her own twitter bio.
 any weed men in astoriaqueens bridge accept cash app
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 544 e 22nd st  vacant property rea 
 @kathleenq @ericbrownzzz apparently some dude got busted for weed and denied it  so cops searched his room and found cocaine
