 coworkers making fun of this lady and her plant because it resembles marijuana and im sittin here lmao wthem like i dont smoke weed.
 its been smoked...  pulledpork bostonbutt pig pork porky smokedpork smokedbutt smoke 
 its been smoked...  pulledpork bostonbutt pig pork porky smokedpork smokedbutt smoke 
 i need a samuel adams to get the taste of weed and hooker spit out of my mouth
 got sad about the us earlier but then i imagined the halfpound of weed pres. obama has probably smoked since going on vacation and smiled
 seely and i share everything  our food  her milk  our weed  my bathroom  our munchies.  its a good friendship to have. i appreciate her.
 havent smoked in months...time wayyyy over due 
 really tryna go to hempfields prom help
 @politicalbunny thats like calling me a criminal for having a prop. 215 medical marijuana prescription. shame on you. @nancypelosi
 @meanstreetsoma fire has been knocked down  starting ppv to blow the smoke out.
 off work finna smoke good
 sos weed. need weed.
 dont you stress over me baby  smoke dope
 ahhh the college hallway  smells like marijuana and bo.
 first 15 min of lifespan arguing about if marijuana should be legalized why
 i wake up... smoke this blunt... go to work... to make a buck... 
 people who smoke cigarettes are the least considerate people ever. nobody wants to breathe in your nasty air
 stg i needa smoke
 way better weed in a 
 all i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed  really nothin too drastic 
 so im not smoking for 40 days... no weed for 40 whole days.. lol.
 lord have mercy i need to get some weed.
 the feeling right now  roll one and smoke one
 @senwarren granny warren you got to get a bigger bull horn believe dems blowing smoke up  theres no way theyre backing you for president
 sheon got weed but everytime she text me she use pounds baby 
 love me  love me not  just come smoke me out ..
 i smoke everyday but cant keep up with a lighter
 senatortimkaine does this guy smoke a shit ton of dopewow
 i think i would smoke weed if post malone asked me to  guess that friend
 when someone say they sellin girl scout cookies and your first thought is weed 
 why does the us  ban cancer killers like marijuana and vitamin b12 but they dont ban poison like coke  mcdonalds or cancer infested gmos
 @tevinknowsbest you gotta smoke it its go taste better
 quote from bunco with our moms  im going to try weed when im 65. @saragonzaless @rachel
 saaammmee  but food cause i dont smoke  
 tbh i cant be with someone who smokes mad bud  dont find that shit attractive at all.
 can my parents go to sleep so i can smoke 
 i wanna smoke weed and be naked so i think im gonna smoke weed and be naked
 i got ls on my record weed on the vinyl
 is getting into the honest business of marijuana sales a realistic thing for me at the moment is the big question 
 update i smoked amp i just got back into bed.....ill be out in 5 minutes 
 @vinaysinha8 and soundstage basically for filming training videos and other cannabis business content.
 once again trump blows smoke on twitter. we know you and the republicans are struggling with obamacare. stop messing around with dumb tweets
 i predict subway and the ganja after school today.
 i neeedaaaa smoke.
 banana boat full of blow  banana clip to cut ya throat  banana dro come take a smoke  banana diamonds yellow stones 
 this trio is literally pussy  money  weed tho.  
 you cant die from second hand smoke if you first hand smoke 
 man this dude just said the first thing he tried was ayahuasca and straight skipped weed
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   muncie  in job
 @mckjr lmao like i know i got big forehead but this boy shit is smoked 
 @zachjmiddleton sleep 4 hours  wake up  deliver tacos and nugs for 16 hours  order some tacos and weed for yourself  rinse amp repeat
 medical marijuana debated on house of delegates floor 
 this girl wanted beer so she was like ill just take it off the weed you gave me dont worry about paying. bitch you wanted beer i cant
 @kingcharlesthav bruh when u and @vibewite gon slide out to my side n smoke wit a nigga been too long
 its okay we all know you would of smoked them allllll  luv u  
 its impossible to have girl homies to smoke with. all girls think im trying to hit on em lol i must have a past i dont know about 
 does quitting weed make you eat more or less replytweet
 i be dropping so much weed around my computer that whenever i finish my gs i can still have a good 2 bowls on bong off the shit i drop
 really just want a guy friend that i could smoke wit  chill wit amp bond wit amp probably fuck every now amp then.  nothin major.
 niggas think they hard callin up they kinfolks  faggot ass niggas you gone get they kin smoked 
 i wrote a thing. about weed. check it out  
 that nigga tracy be stuffings 4 to 6 grams in each blunt he smoke  nigga can out smoke snoop and wiz
 take down a tree i smoke a tree down 
 all i wanna do is smoke and make music with rodl
 and i wanna smoke another one
 me looking through my mood chart for patterns between my manias  depressions  psychotic symptoms  weed use  and men 
 supreme judicial court hears case of woman fired over use of medical marijuana 
 real estate readers offer suggestions on smokers  timeshares  escrow  roc
 i have the new batteries for the smoke detectors.  check monthly  amp replace every 6 months.  2 cosmoke amp 3 smoke d 
 the only thing weed do is make you hungry  forgot where the other nigga say  and hella focus 
 nigga be hitting phat ass blunts but barley any smoke be coming out
 good weed and hennessy. goodvibesonly
 my girl prayed to god she would go to church amp not even smoke before if i could just get an id. bc this shit been killing me and she hate it
 need marijuana
 how i know im hip and cool  me do the emoticons in your profile mean you set forest fires tinder guy they mean i smoke weed.
 1. smoked salmon  2. grilled salmon  3. lobster  4. trout  5. crab 6. shrimp 
 need to smoke and i cant 
 @ericfisher cape beaches are smoked regardless rainsnow
 oh i think they like me  yup  in my white tee. oh no no no baby smoke so much dope need some visine
 we need regulation for dispensaries. they should only sell lp marijuana  like this stuff. @brokencoastltd 
 see our latest caldwell  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 people smoke more here than back home
 does virginia beach even have good weed anymore feel like i could find a unicorn prior to someone having good weed
 jason and his guys take a smoke break.    cigars smokebreak weddingday victorycigars 
 this shit make me wanna....... smoke...
 lmfao im the happy and i love weed smoker  @dezzysymone you the sipper bitch 
 when your grandma asks you for your weed mans numbergtgtgt
 @eaglescfc smoke a fag lmfaoooo im in tears yeah its so crazy how much things are different
 drinking a dayblazer by @newbelgium @ sublime smoke   photo
 all im tryna do is smoke and go out to eat when i get off 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 298 willard street baltimore  send message. 
 like yeah im for medical marijuana  but this seems like a trap 
 incident on i90nysthruway wb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 
 anybody want to smoke
 drink up marks. drink up. ill keep smoking legal weed. 
 this satanic ass weed lmaoo omg
 i aint smoked in two years so i smoked a bit and  this shit still feel good 
 i got a blunt already rolled  nobody to smoke it with tho
 according to my weed im a loud mouth 
 i used cannabis over the last 8 months to treat my cancer  this monday ill get my all clear  cannabis saved my life 100 dabstars.tv
 i dont smoke weed cuz i listen to rap music mom i smoke weed cuz i fricken hate my life. u treat me like a 5 yr old @evanbreen
 @phoenixstar86 this officer doesnt know specifically  but there are legal cannabisrelated stores such as @420kingston.
 please when smoking your cigg please have some manners and put your cig down  instead of letting the smoke blow into my face
 no one wants to smoke w me  wow
 homeless man told me i needed to boil up some lemon and honey and get rid of my cold. then proceeded to smoke crack. i dont have a cold.
 where the weed at
 @whelandanni that is a long day. holy smokes. glad youre back after that odyssey.
 i feel like niggas rarely sell weed on my side now
 i cant hold a job smoking weed bc employers dont like that but i can pop all the pills and synthetic shit i want no problem
 @roseperson disaster lies in wait for those countries whose officials smoke the same hashish they give out i.f. stone
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414
 trying to smoke before work
 i dont need anything thats going to make me any lazier or hungrier. debby cain on the topic of marijuana
 this medical marijuana though 
 get your smoke on for sportingkc
 @alvaro845 i shouldve asked do u smoke weed and at what time but nah .... 
 happy birthday to my day 1 thicc mami  we will always be emo trash ilysm egg  p.s. dont smoke too much dick to 
 20 free dabs today amp over 5 grams free weed amp 2 dank ass rice crispy treats  kushstockfestival iloveweed stoned
 my weed man gave me a xtra gram on accident 
 hardly smoke but you wanna smoke my drugs
 where is the smoke sticks 
 @biglnasty2 i just wanna ask them how people who smoke weed can get cancer then.
 flynn report has shep smith fed up its too much lying  too much russia  too much smoke  theresistance
 @jayonns7 so you smoke now
 sarah to our lyft driver sir  youre gonna get pinched bc youre not wearing green lyft driver i got weed in the back does that count
 @realdonaldtrump dont use smoke and mirrors to pass a bill  expedience doest make a great healthcare bill free market solutions
 so much was smoked last night
 bob burnquist x reefermaddness 
 mom going to go smoke another one me  again mom mom its been along time sense ive smoked  me long time mom its been 2hrs
 u can smoke weed as long as u have good grades  mom
 accident blocking intersection in woodbridge on old brg rd both ebwb at smoketown rd dctraffic 
 drinking a tower 10 ipa by @karlstraussbeer @ smokejumpers grill   photo
 to the girl outside the gym  do you smoke your cigarette before or after your workout
 sunday s means 5 tallboys and smoked brisket sandwiches  doors open at 4pm tallboys bbq brisket 
 i smoke like ion play cause i got to stay high
 them chicks with the black lips from backwoods and wood tipped black n mild smoke gone ride ya dick until ya socks get crunchy
 price sounds like the principal that cancels the prom till the bathroom stops smelling like weed 
 bouta smoke nd go see kong dolo
 this random kid just called me beer weed im ded
 hate coming to indy without kiarah bc i never have anyone to smoke wit 
 daz amp wc  roll and smoke
 i was gonna do my make up all simple and ended up with a smokey eye 
 i feel so violated lol my mom was going through my camera roll amp seen all my lil weed activitiesi like keeping those to my self
 nahh people like to smoke weed they cant afford  
 and its sad cause dickheaded white people are still gonna say he deserved it for selling weed like they dont fund t 
 i dont feel good at all. bouta take me a nice hot shower smoke amp relax..... i miss my boobie 
 he looked straight into my soul and it smelt like weed @lainaboobitch   me 
 why i call her mary jane shes green  loud  and she smokes good. 
 @nytimes all the smoke has cleared amp after the official narrative we still are left with question marks    one
 niggas wake up at 8am and stead of being productive they smoke a blunt and pass back out till 2 n da afternoon
 when he says my weed is your weed you know its real
 carols like why cant anyone leave me the fuck alone i just want some tea and have a smoke thewalkingdead
 dex 13ya whoa i smell weed in this drawer talking to sebby 20ya.  tessa 9ya yeah  it smells like my school hallways.  wtf.
 my ds anime and weed the only things keeping me all the way out the void. im like knee deep in that bihh doe.
 she ion smoke but every time she with me we be faded  id never change on you  girl you my baby  promise i protect you thru any altercation
 sadly  this state can even screw up the weed industry. nys iloveny timetomove 
 at sierra high school i used to smoke everyday before school amp at lunch everyone thought i was antisocial but i rea 
 old people are so extra when they smell weed. not even smoke  just weed. they start building a makeshift gas mask and shit
 fresh off work .. one to the face   high af already amp aint smoked nun but half 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 i need someone to smoke with 
 boutta just smoke real quick get my mind off of things
 i do have data right now he but i see @nojumperdotcom go a new store super lit i remember when he first got that weed sponsor lol
 why would i fold  my lil niggas still got smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1131 w cross st pigtown  send message.
 cigar smoker reading  davidoffofgeneva cigarlounge cigarporn cigarlifestyle cigarsociety 
 bih you smoke bigarettes  fuck out my face 
 if you stressing smoke a blunt
 convinced the only way 2 get over the flu is 2 drown urself in dayquil amp marijuana
 how did ut manage to get hunter hayes for forty acres fest holy smokes 
 ive never smoked weed  been drunk  snuck out or skipped school. copy amp paste this as your status whoever likes it 
 v both sides of the 12 steam both sides of the l freeze smoke rings and they hail sleet snow grind for the wealth.
 in what context  music  beyonc  .cuff beyonc . one night stand  rihanna. we gone smoke and fuck all night 
 someone smoke me up smh
 i wonder if our microwave stopped working last week cause obama was using it to watch my roommate smoke pot
 only 1 person from irl follows me on here everyone else was like you tweet too much your annoying you smoke weed whats wrong w u unfollow
 bout to smoke this l
 nick is a weed addict and daniel is throwing away his weed to do better in school i dont know which one i am i think im seth rogen
 trying to smoke a bowl kick out some jams rn
 wanna have a smoke sesh with my homies from preschool class of 2000
 i smoke a bong it filters out all the addictive shit
 black smokey eye  here i come 
 my lyft mad is shit she thought i was getting out no sis just picking up ny weed 
 it smells like weed crazy in my house i bet mom is smoking that phat kush
 my high school experience can be summed up as arriving late  walking past a boy in a car n cant tell if hes smoking weed or sucking his dick
 ive got a feeling that the marijuana is rotting my brain.
 so what if i smoke weed lmao
 my mom literally made me leave her house right now at midnight because she smelled weed
 remember when you had to go to some guys house and fake hang out to buy weed
 sometimes i really wish i could smoke 
 almost 2am and the new neighbors below me are still going strong with the weed partying. its a monday night  what are we  in vegas
  weed pills covered by  insherins  what if  by saidv
 @lilking watchu want some smoke nigga
 smart kansas farmers teach dumb politicians about awesome industrial hemphttpst.cowuyiciahpp piday farming 
 governmentweed gweed looks like what weedbae would sprinkle on top of real weed.  
 betrayal counts as talking to somebodies smoke or enemies
 grandview tx fire smoke plume seen on 1km vis satellite. 
 forever smelling cigarettes when i wake up bc my dad told the contractor he could smoke in the basement and he smokes a pack an hour.
 @bwsmith3 feel bad plot twist you didnt actually bring any smoked chicken to work.
 @gracethemermaid i wouldve punched them and never let them smoke again. no.
 this quote really stood out to me  @kwri @ north hempstead  new york 
 @summit1g working on it using a reefer nice
 bruh smh i need to send them my plug   this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 sandwichoftheday smoked buffalochicken  butter lettuce  tomato  rosemary bleu  cheddar on a pretzel roll.
 all we do is smoke all day 
 brrrr....nugreen permafrost at cannabis country store.  experience the nugreen difference @c4uwa craftcannabis 
 im having severe weed withdrawals im so antsy and i have a headache
 currently in the medical marijuana investment ideas panel at the @rothcapital conference @tedroth 
 now that my weed is so loud  you can hear it down the street
 last year lawn mower quit working this year weed eater quit working will the fire department to do a controlled burn of my yard
 wheres the weed in st. louis
 if i didnt invite you  you cant come but you can give me weed for my birthday
 i just wanna smoke. 
 i rather smoke than eat an edible... edibles creep up on you like crazy dawg.
 justin wants to legalize marijuana after 2 years of pointless research and crony committee talk. meanwhile drug raids are clogging our 12
 i gata hurry up and smoke
 lay with me  smoke with me  laugh with me.. i just want the simple things .. 
 aint nobody ever got sick or died from weed but watch when america legalize it and it starts getting manufactured bet weed catch a case.
 takes one hit of the weeds @matthewcocacbs  timothyphilip17 @ 
 good for you rachel those of us that see through the smoke and mirrors applaud you 
 theres something about marijuana drugmovies @midnight
 i smoke weed cause life sucks  @supabwe
 drugmovies catch me if you cannabis @midnight
 jack n coke  couple smokes
 when i can just lay back  smoke a blunt  rub my back or somethin  you know im sayin
 we were drawn from the weeds  we were brave like soldiers
 someone in brooklyn by kings hwy come smoke up lollll
 @tonystewart smoke you need to find out what the hell is going on with @stewarthass r fucking e natzi shit..dissa fucking pointed. wtf
 i just wanna smoke wtf 
 i cant smoke weed rn and it kind of sux
 honestly someone rolled that up in front of me i might not smoke it thats some skill  
 kinda wanna smoke all day kinda wanna sleep all day
 unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer  monsanto gmo health
 10 hour smoked brisket  home picklesthai chilies  cauliflower  baby red potatoes  cippiolini 
 @glynnernesto smokers havent made themselves our consistent cultural opposition. smokers didnt say  bake the cake bigot
 phase 1 of our journey from brassy blonde to smokey blonde stay tuned head over to 
 big ass smoke session tonight in the boro @ 930 hmu
 my brothers tried coming at me talking bout if i left a used apple on the side of the house like nah fam ion even smoke out of apples 
 ever notice that when trump is under pressure  he sends out a smokescreen taxes  amp plans a rally so he can feel adored fakepresident
 i need different strands of weed today
 whos crib can i pull up to and eat and smoke for free on some humble shit lol
 i smell reefer.......gotta be close to willies ranch lucktexas luckreunion outlawcountry partytime willienelson
 kate wont let me smoke in her new car so im stuck standing outside by myself like a loser
 if you have a passion follow it. if you dont have a passion  find it. katie weed teacher talks cms @charmeckschools
 @isabaddie till when u there lets link amp smoke
 my eyes been the same size for 19 years amp my parents real think i smoke now 
 @nymag yes  when opioids are killing more people than cars  than aids at its height in the us  by all means lets focus on marijuana.
 when youre smoking amp the smoke goes in your eye 
 im out of weed and dont get paid until tomorrow afternoon i have no idea what to do with myself
 @kayleighehughes then dont smoke.
 @jeffsessions brozay talk to @wizkhalifa you need a lesson on the magical wonders of the weed
 god made dirt   dirt dont hurt. god made weed  weed dont make you bleed.
 its always a smoke cloud in my kitchen 
 fun story so when i was at the hospital yesterday they had to ask if i was pregnant or if id smoked or done drugs recently and my mom was
 man i need to smoke but ill be damn if i smoke outside
 but ion smoke blacks anymore 
 @jazminnns we need to smoke together 
 i just want someone to smoke with me babe  lay with me babe  and laugh with me babe  i just want the simple things
 smell that smoke that shit linger
 it hurts my heart to turn down a smoke session bc i got a drug test tomorrow 
 i need a man that wants to smoke blunts in bed by candlelight 
 its been a good night. weed smoked although at 38 i shouldnt be advertising it like a teenager.  i am a sad sad ombre but one with a kitty
 @therealt2 man you gonna be hurting because im gonna come by you and theres gonna be no smoke trail to follow she so tuned up
 marissa the type of bitch to get in a fight with her cat over weed
 @cjreno6 @jonahnro oh is it i smoked it for 20 years  all day everyday. i had to get high to have fun. if i didnt have it i wasnt happy.
 ugly ass weed man i shouldve ddtd his ass
 highest grade marijuana directed from the farmer...
 i smoke to escape dis harsh reality of dis cruel world  
 the only dating service was together on hemp. turnpike. levittown beforetheinternetexisted
 i wanna smoke on my way to work but im be starving
 i wish i had bud so i could smoke a nice bowl before school but here i am with cigs
 i wish i could smoke rn 
 @johnfetterman i  for one  have no problems with both legalized marijuana or a woman choosing to wear a hijab.
 im stressed out  why else would i smoke the weed
 bout to take a xanax then smoke this motherfucker
 find me smoking weed where the wild things are.
 drunk or smoke tonight 
 if i smoked  the only time i would smoke is at night  it just aint no way i could smoke in the day time and be high alllll day
 how does one sit and smoke threeefour cigarettes right after another 
 @ctvtoronto plenty to go around the big smoke eh frig
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 32123298 brighton street baltimore  
 yay delicious smoked and grilled meat @ rack shack bbq in west saint paul  mn  
 chill smoke drink and fuck
 congratulations to deanna fisher  she won a 25 smokehouse 61 bbq gift card  winningwednesday 
 who wants to smoke
 look bitch i just wanna smoke witcha ion wanna fuck.
 so like devin and cody are now finally smoking in the apartment and it was so nice to be able to smoke inside today
 this weed hunter got smells like a freshly cut grapefruit 
 im telling ya  its from smoking all that weed   no tia  no
 im walking home amp this guy keeps driving around the block amp screaming at me to come smoke a blunt w him amp if he can give me a ride home naw
 this nigga just said aye let me smoke with yall 
 everybody in the world  here we go  fill your body  with the smoke and thats the way to go
 i just took a perc took dabs n smoke some blunts still feel like that aint enough
 yall lil bitches b skippin school to smoke sumn fuckin reggie 
 bitch  i won 160. yall already know im throwing that for weed lt3
 i get so impatient waiting on da weed man. like i wanna text him and be like hurry up but then i dont wanna feel rude or get ripped off
 @schwarzenegger im so conflictedarnold is my idol growing up  but how can he drive a humvee amp smoke cigars amp be a 
 the wayans bros. love to the world dont do drugs because its not good ... smokeing is bad for 
 still heavy smoke and flames showing on hirschbeck.  @news4buffalo 
 why my uber driver smell like weed
 plus  donated weed yup  its all in whats trendingthismorning. 
 incident on westhempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to west hempstead station 
 whats getaway place in nap where you can smoke out in the open and not be bothered
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2026 s warwick ave  send message. 
 @realdonaldtrump tweeted sure i smoked a lot of pot as a teenager  and snorted lots of coke  but i dont do that anymore.
 went to smoke a black for the first time in like a year  took one hit of it and threw up. never hitting a black again
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation bloomington  il job
 tell me why i thought this was one of these weed pictures where the nug is covered in dab 
 to the ladies  please dont let your natural scent be a weed smell. its not a good look.
 @floreslia that time you swore we laced the weed because you were all fucked up  
 we won you lost. so go smoke some weed and protest. your hate amp socialism is no longer in power. goodbye 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here reefer mechanic  2 500 bonus  top pay   automotive
 i havent smoked in forever 
 when liberal women can no longer walk the streets half naked  have multiple sex partners  smoke  use drugs only the 
 these boys really broke into a zoo and made a flamingo smoke weed  til it died smh and people say weed isnt danger 
 anybody else charlotte notice the smoke in the air
 thought for a minute that was weed in chis matthews pocket lol
 i just want to chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 drinking a leprechaun lager by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station  
 fat smoke out or a pour up lol 
  im bout to re up on this gas you wanna come smoke later 
 eat your weeds these sweet little flowers are popping up all over my garden  and maybe in 
 i be wanting to tell my dad about my weed stories but i dont think its time just yet  but i know he used to be off gassssss lbs
 @arneydustin i legit thought it overdosed on weed or something... tf is wrong with me
 i jus smoke amp tweet
 i am sick of my sista bros freezing me out to smoke cigs but i still love them 
 i just wanna smoke some bud amp listen to some old school aap mob 
 its funny when my family thinks im leaving amp they ask where im going .... to just go in my car amp smoke in the front 
 not champagne but canned sophia sparkling wine paired well w macncheese n @patagonia smoked salmon no photos @foodwineclick winophiles
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke
 ill stop smoking weed when i dont get high no more 
 @trenttza its just like weed busts in legal states   authoritys should bag it out to legal sized bags and resale
 this dude came up to me and asked you got any rolling papers  i got weed
 i smoked w my mom and now shes asleep. she cant hang
 lol mine to only time i used it was to page my weed dealer i dont smoke it anymore though lmao 
 this is totally a smokeweedstayinbedwithicedcoffeeandread kinda weekend. need to stay outta trouble most importantly
 watch a priest  rabbi and atheist smoke weed and talk religion 
 smelt like loud yesterday amp went home amp my mom was like dont think i cant not smell the weed on you  im not stupid
 proud of myself for attempting a smokey eye look with a pink crease 
 @american1765 sorry  bimbo... this is here and now  the 21st century. your redneck reefer madness is nothing but a bad joke from the 20th
 calm down smokey everyone dont think as well as we do 
 its like i cant keep a conversation with someone without them bringing up the fact that they smoke. 
 drinking a smoked lavender stout by @scratchbeer @ scratch brewing company   photo
 five years ago ah couple of females were telling me they love me and i wasnt familiar with love thats until i met marijuana then i knew
 see ima have to smoke up listening to this morelife
 i kinda wish they woulda ran free smoke back tbh haha
 hate when i cant find weed 
 an album of cant have everything  free smoke  and sneakin wouldve been dope  but youre  at making albums so heres morelife
 free smoke free smoke 
 free smoke 
 mannn. i just want to smoke a phat ol blunt rn 
 dinner with my sweet man and the roomie yum @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq 
 yall smoke toothpicks  i pick the steak out of my teeth 
 here i am thinking free smoke is a chill intro to more life then that beat dropped and im instantly on one. its about to be a good lift
 still listening to free smoke  i cant move onto the next song until im over the beat.
 why do yall like smoking weed
 free smoke by drake 
 i need to smoke.
 the way drake says  free smoke drives me crazy 
 elliots mom was a bad parent. shes letting her kids smoke in the house while playing dampd
 funny how you smoke niggas then you start coughing. all my niggas need throat lozenge
 i dont smoke but i would really like to get high right now. dont know why. just this current moment in time
 @tommydispensa that shit is visible through smoke though  why would you want to use it
 here are some tips for the boulderfire   avoid outdoor physical activity and get far away from the smoke if you ca 
 free smoke
 deja vu all over again...and again...and again weed killer roundup faces new doubts on safety in unsealed documents 
 smh this weed shit crazy i am so high
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 823 n calhoun st  dirty yard. 
 listening to this pop star rap on free smoke 
 @yessenixxx you need to smoke a blunt before that car trip
 everytime someone comes into my room they feel the need to tell me my room smells like weed. bitch i already know
 my dumb ass washed amp dried the weed 
 i need somebody to smoke with
 the first 40 seconds of free smoke is so wack wtf
 they said ima crackhead cause if ion smoke i dont wanna eat 
 foundwhilespringcleaning those smokes i keestered last month
 i need to smoke a l so damn bad
 bbq charcoal grill 30 side offset smoker wood smokebox outdoor barbecue cooker 
 me during the intro of free smoke 
 add me on snapchat smokeyab
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 havent smoked a cig in a week  feel better than ever
 i think this nigga doesnt smoke weed  @kidcannabiz 
 my girl foreign my whip foreign my weed loud   lifes good
 line cutterz shark tank episode will reair on abc prime time this friday holy smokes
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 sometimes i wonder if weed helps my antidepressants or just actually acts as a better antidepressant
 csuse there will be weed  lots of it.
 @kmwarchol @gwennasaurus we have a fire extinguisher.   actually got the torch because pan searing causes too much smoke.
 stigmabase usca   teen marijuana use and mental health disorders pose real risks  as maine approaches 
 thats the shit that kills me about weed mans...how tf you gone tell somebody to come to you and you start bullshitting
 @nadia1ro im black nadia  when black peoples gof hiccups thats means there too much smoke or kool aid in my chest lmao
 @mcfaul feels like we are being prepped to accept smoke without fire  desensitized to a new normal. dream of a day integrity returns
 play free smoke at my funeral.
 dont smoke but boutta play w a dab pen aka rip goodbye
 free smoke free smoke  aye 
 fire on rugg rd. schuylerville w charred smoke detector now outside. man rushed to hospital and dog saved. live 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 maybe smoke definitely sleep
 smoking weed and smoking cigarettes is not the same thing 
 you like to smoke that lala ... amp roll that fire
 chain smoker 
 im tired of buying weed and watchin these broke niggas smoke my weed.
 how has no one on thewalkingdead smoked a blunt yet
 morning meditation smoke on the water this morning. peaceful time to reflect. lifeisgood 
 @rtcom holy smoke...
 niggas talking about backwoods being the heathiest thing to smoke but you eat hella mcdonalds amp pop xanax left amp right stfu
 nah  i mean its cool of them to acknowledge the fact that you do it but to smoke with them is disrespectful asf to 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1004 n arlington ave  
 i dont need a girl to smoke with me to enjoy her company  but since i smoke so often girls dont like me being high 247.
 watching cops cop whens the last time you smoked meth lady uh... yesterday
 @clinteastwoodla @realdonaldtrump @potus no worries real americans see through smoke screen no bomb shell @ intel hearing keep going potus
 sneaking out to smoke 1
 lmao im dead i think this is my dad welcoming me to his world of weed 
 everytime i sit at this light i think of that kid that almost got smoked @coleleggieri1 
 free smoke. for all these boys out here showing disrespect.
 free smoke free smoke aye
 growing like a weed ft. kaitlyns bathroom 
 i just burped and smoke rolled out of my nose 
 i love coming home to the smell of dank weed 
 winners and losers from the james comey hearing  comey provided the fire to all the smoke on trump collusion wussr
 free smoke free smoke
 partners hemp factory our cannabinoid extraction laboratory will be built  luvcures 
 i need to smoke before i spazz tf out. 
 do i eat tha weed cookie or a weed candy
 fuck @ayeewildd he a bitch and he smoke .2 of huff
 even if you dont like more life you cant deny that free smoke slaps
 free smoke  freesmoke
 just wanna cuddle smoke and bump jhene aiko
 liberals dont care its all smoke and mirrors and distraction 
 who tryna smoke 
 if indeed you smell smoke  then see smoke  you can reasonably deduct   there is fire. ignorance or lack of courage cannot  extinguish this.
 only the baddest of the bad smoke pot 
 keif rolled js  whos tryna smoke i need to wind downnn 
 son watching ur man smoke be too much for me dont even wanna finish the damn jay 
 smoking on gas who want smoke just brought twin 4 os
 i aint smoked all day today... thinking i might just quit. im trying to be someones wife one day 
 free smoke  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3421 e lombard st  send message. 
 taxes on marijuana could bring in more than 100 million annually  state officials said monday 
 @shaylawillits im already feeling sick from the 3 smokers.  i love you too
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 between balancing school  work  and music  if i fwu i must really like you or you have some good weed lmao
 who wants to smoke my mornings already shit cmonnnn
 i smoke so much the ashes startin to burn on me
 ima smoke another blunt... this bull shit aint gettin to me today... nope not today not tomorrow not ever
 this one time we had a sleep over at my house and she pulled out a big ziplock bag full of weed hoemygod
 @jordsmac i didnt realize rookie corners were perfect out of the gate. rookie getting smoked by aj green thats odd.
 free smoke anybody that want problems  can get it   no joke .
 i need a friend i can smoke with and talk about life
 i would idk its just weed to me the most they gone do is laugh eat then pass out. no harm done. 
 comm perez is voting against this as he is against marijuana  doesnt matter where it is.
 im ready to smoke 
 anyone got me on a ride to royal oak. big blunt will be smoked with you
 thats what happens when you compare everyone to weed. weed will always win. 
 it smells like the marijuana
 welp this blunt aint gonna smoke itself 
 like  whats next  whats that  whats up i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck cause god damn that bodys goals as fuck
 damn i just remembered i cant smoke weed on 420........thats fine perc 30s for the w
 bruh i just been wanting to smoke a blunt a listen to apple of my eye by ross in the dark.
 i gotta enjoy you without sex or weed. i gotta feel a genuine connection. 
 people of chattanooga that know me pleaseeee come smoke with me or bring me weed i will payyyyyy
 afroman said colt 45 and two zigzags baby thats all i need we can go to the park after dark and smoke that...  me 
 shell be back    in smokey voice 
 colbert if sessions decides to partake of marijuana  he should go to goodwill. 3 lbs was recently donated in a cooler  street value of 24k
 @madeinchynna what type of weed is that 
 @mahinalinaa its okay  you can smoke it too 
 now i remember why i smoke before bed 
 didnt even smoke this morning but somehow i smell like i just hotboxed on my way to school what the fuck
 im hungry and im bout to smoke so im bout to be even more hungry
 @lizschultzxo @morningjoe theres so mch smoke arnd trump amp wh they can hardly get a breath and dont frget thats our wh hes destroying
 when boys wont pay attention to u  weed sure will lmao
 2 marijuana essential oil diffuser pendant necklace car  bathroom aromatherapy pendant necklace jewelry cannabis 
 @realdonaldtrump smoking weed
 which is why you smoke it for breakfast  
 i smoke so much the ashes starting to burn on me 
 one of the attorneys said someone mustve had a baggie on them cuz the mens bathroom smells like weed. guess who now wants to go in there.
 @senwarren @senategop @fcc. haha the drums are beating and the smoke is rising cant stand the heat get out of the kitchen
 big smoke
 @megolas1 basically nunes is creating a smokescreen for trump. there is nothing there. he had nothing what a dick.  trumprussia
 love these purple weeds @ henson family ymca 
 free smoke free schmooke
 yo story time so my brothers friend got caught with weed and blamed it on the biggest pothead in the group
 when your brother invites you over to smoke then cancels because hes being a codo
 @moarcowbelle yes check out the marijuana industry in colorado wa amp or and look at all of the inventions that came off of that new industry
 stop and go traffic in bellaire on 610 w lp sb between hempstead and fournace  delay of 17 mins traffic 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 me choosing to quit smoking weed has got to be the best thing especially when your boyfriend is committed to stoping as well
 waiting for 600 so i can go on my smoke break dinner
 for me just replace weed with the beach  
 psa do not get your pet high or give them edibles. marijuana is very very toxic.
 then i smoked a blunt and felt much better
 wishin i still smoked rn bc baww could i 
 you are a beautiful flower  dont let someone mistake u for a weed
 she smoked all of it 
 @tonyagrubb13 we both have an agreement hempamp trippy life
 the boyf smoked pork and ham all day at work and he smells delicious and now im hungry again 
 i smoked all day lol
 havent smoked all week 
 my guy @drankestien512 smoked me under the table
 someone  call  text  snapchat  email  fax  shoot... smoke signal me im bored
 my apt buildings elevator smells like a mixture of marijuana and pizza. before 7 a.m. some real gogetters up in this place
 @raisinglynn the weed brownies  
 is recreational marijuana legal in nevada  asking for a friend.
 breaking @timbersfc front 6 amp @tacaposdnt caught up in goal kickback scheme with big chant amp smoke conglomerates. film at 11. rctid
 im no smoker but some mfs never own a pack. they be everywhere like can i get one
 when yo friend said theyve smoked before but they actin a lil strange 
 my manager and my coworker keep asking if i smoke now because of him lmao
 @bobby when you balling again pull up and smoke me out lol
 grades are good  the alcohol is even better  the weed is loud  so life is good 
 just got told i should go to rehab for marijuana use .............. what
 my hair smell like weed
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1825 dover street baltimore  send message. 
 coworker girl u smell like weed me buys a whole new outfit before my shift
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 man i was looking at my snaps from last week i really would po up a 4 each day take half a pill and smoke like 8 blunts to da face 
 to the beat yall  til the mf champagne and weed is gone
 @theeapartment quizzo  1030pm  smokes.... be there
 hey if someone buys me bww tonight ill smoke you a bowl  and tell you a story or two.
 @monstermike197 whole time it wasnt weed
 gonna smoke  watch out 
 yes id much rather smoke weed than drink. its just how i am. ive seem more people be fucked over by alcohol than anything.
 what you mean them niggas gas up to i done smoked with niggas in the league so im not seeing your argument amp i don 
 i wanna have a night where we park at the beach smoke a blunt and listen to oldies while we watch the waves
 tfw 422pm weed nap gets outta hand 
 im tryna smoke a blunt
 my house is he definition  of alcohol amp weed addiction.
 @donnylumpkins dan lets smoke a joint in seattle when you play ill prepare such means. sincerely yours  waiting till may for your tour
 angleton raid nets 12 ounces of marijuana 
 psa you dont have to post a video everytime you smoke 
 bagels amp lox salad mixed greens  smoked salmon  hardboiled egg  tomato  fried capers  red onion  dill dressing  eve 
 about to smoke so much weed
 holy shit lol my voice is hilarious rn  it keeps switching between this deep low chain smoker tone and highpitched breathy whisper
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @joseph719co whats up brother cant wait to talk thanks for supporting cannabis family
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2589 west fayette street baltimore  send mess 
 which backfires bc now im bouta smoke a face and take a nap
 free smoke free smoke
 you keep mentioning az my kids livein buckeye amp last year my soninlaws employer wanted 1100mo because hes a smoker.aca was550 fam of 4
 @stonekettle what i meant to say  is that its melting  and will soon go up in smoke.
 @arjelle many try to wake up and help humanity  numerous see genocide and white supremacy and hide until the smoke clears.them directly
 see our latest augusta  ga job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 dave said 2 puffs of rapper weed lmao
 can weed be sweated out in two weeks
 i think its such bullshit that you can get a dui while high on weed. like come on people
 i could watch him smoke backwoods all day 
 when the sole purpose of buying a popcorn maker was too make cannabis popcorn you know your a pot head lol.
 bandit outdrives smokey filmsin3words
  this dope weather in good weed got me vibing like mood dope out here first time checking these parts
 ive never seen pot smoked so openly in the streets as i see in morgantown
 @hooters new smoked texas bbq flavored wings are our new favorite while watching marchmadness atx austin sp tx 
 this is the kinda night i really wish i had a boo to smoke amp be laid up with
 accident in northwestlasvegas on rainbow blvd at smoke ranch rd vegastraffic 
 this hoe ass rain not letting me smoke
 @theeconomist smokescreen helps politicians 
 that weed was so good  i thought my mans laced my shit at first. i was tripping hard af. 
 no cigarettes were smoked in the making of these photos 
 mylo and aria are playing tug o war with a tumble weed
 almost everyday this week i came inna house wit a stench of weed and tonight nothing new smhhh
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 39 i90  state fair i690 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 endless thanks to the dino island crew over 500 000. holy smokes. could not have had a more talented and deserving team. we love yall.
 @joeyydrew so fucking dumb and i even smoke
 gone go head amp smoke amp watch a movie  then im go be slumped.
 free smoke free smoke
 so  got on stage with the hippies  and then had a smoke circle next to the tour bus afyerwards. 
 @harlemj11 smoke up.
 see our latest harrisburg  pa job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 they dont wanna see you win they dont want you to smoke gas they dont want you to shine fuck em
 youre weird if you cant smoke and go to work or communicate lol 
 @davidjohnson717 heard you smoked the spigg for your birthday
 attention smokers my flower pots  the neighbors lawn  our streets  the sides of doorways  the entire world is not you ashtray
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 how do you smoke 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i wish i could smoke today fuck
 wheres smoke theres fire. trumprussia
 ima keep smokin till all the smoke is goneeeeee
 @joeyswife @maxlewisreports it weeds out the assholes. that way  she can avoid those who judge you for menial stuff.
 new 2017 smoke song idea entitled flaame wit me... yay or nay reply to or quote this post or with your answer 
 the one time im actually not bored af and dying for some company it seem like everybody wants to come over and chill and smoke 
 @cooleebravo bro i rarely smoke cigarettes lol like every blue moon lol idk why im shaking like that 
 help make it happen for the amazon of the cannabis industry  indiegogo via @indiegogo
 who got smoke on the westbank tho
 finna smoke this bowl and contemplate
 free smoke  
 when ur friends dad assumes u smoke weed bc her car now smell like dank but it lowkey was her bf im shooook hahaha
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 600 n franklintown rd  trash again 
 i smoked too much weed
 i smoke weed give me a break. 
 when the cat hides your weed from you 
 on me i wanna smoke and play gta
 time to smoke 
 a rainy day smoke  
 @ohitsmecee @rolltribe2017 heck in kentucky im pretty sure you can smoke in a church 
 i smoked for nearly 20 yrs amp quit in couple weeks to keep a 25 n hr job. if he cant for a job that pays millions 
 feel like i just smoked crack wtf
 @chriistaxx3 agree it is a smokescreen. jets arent taking a qb at 6. dont seen anyone trading up for a qb. hope im wrong. we need picks
 basically the methodman is like rts  lts  smoke it. 
 if you smoke like i smoke then youre high like everyday
 about to smoke myself a solo blunt and get some in n out. thats my sunday funday 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation coshocton  oh
 if you ever wanna make money  but weed and roll it into joints and sell it there @ the place of the show
 only way you gone get me outta bed is food or weed 
 the security guard at my internship smoked the fattest blunt with me last night. what a homie.
 about smoke this joint with ej
 i want a guy bestfriend on some lets smoke weed   get food and find you a nice wholesome girl buuut nooo niggas so extra
 sundayfunday god doesnt pull weeds  he picks flowers
 evidently the phrase windy city smokeout tickets is a lot easier to type than it is to say out loud...
 picked up tatsuyuki tanakas cannabis works  its cool to have all his linda3 art in one place 
 stop eating edibles if youve never even smoked before
 all i wanna do is smoke amp fuck her  thug it out and keep shit undercover
 @aynrandpaulryan no that wud be @hillaryclinton non email scandal no smoke no fire just a lot of hot air from repugs now we have trump
 my mom is trying to argue that she smoked more weed than me in her life  whitemoms
 mom hannah you have to pull the weeds  me i cant im in huddle
 niggas love asking do you smoke 
 she just wanna smoke and fk  i say girl thats all that we do
 all weed does is make you tired and hungry. i just had cheesies amp insomnia cookie.
 and i really wish fake woke people would stop saying they are the universe but claim you cant smoke or drink
 to smoke or not to smoke is really my debate rn 
 i thought u had to smoke crack 
 gonna smoke his fatty before bed 
 finna try to smoke this headache away
 who wanna smoke
 thats a mf reefer salad 
 first thing said after getting in an accident today @fennecpuppy hide the weed me i already did
 to eat good food and smoke good weed with a good man is all im asking for
 kid shouts in class  weed is a flower
 @scrowder if u can make a living off selling just marijuana then i give u props..the profit margin is way 2 low..like living in efficiency
 nc will have to legalized weed to offset that 3 billion  loss
 yum. breakfast @thebestyhotel. the avocado toast  with smoked salmon and a poached egg. need a 
 last night i had a dream that i was on the playground of my old school and i found a fuck ton of weed under the slide
 you dont have to be friends with congress neutralize there opinion and legalize cannabis its not hard to be a hero @potus  @realtrump2016
 wake n bake where my real smokers @ 
 @jimcantore i doubt this is lightning ive been struck while driving a car amp yes electronic are fried  but why smoke this is fireworks
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 niggas dont smoke like gang do we really be faded hot boxin the v 
 lol that actually helped me stop smoking. and im almost 2 years in no ganja. 
 my dad thought it was the funniest thing when he asked if me n nathan go protest when we smoke ampi told him we just watch movies 
 max kellerman is shooting holes in stephan as marijuana argumentlol he has on the ropes  espnfirsttake
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch azasha told me to
 looking for the smoke hit me up i got some good deals going all day
 @jamescburns i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 @joannesandi i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 remember when people use to say im high and you knew they was high off weed 2017 if somebody say they high who knows what drugs they on
 my moms tryna smoke rn 
 idk i like the taste of weed 
  i dont like girls who drink or smoke weed 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 28062808 rosalie avenue baltimore  
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 def smoked a cigarette while asking their 5yearold about his day.
 i loved this. if you are a weed smoker this is 16 min. of laughter and head scratching. good time 
 @taraadactyyyl one time i smoked out of a potato
 dave east ripped that free smoke beat too
 i need something to smoke g
 idk if any at idaho are but i know one who was selling hella weed till she got robbed
 i wonder whats on the agenda for today  smoke and mirrors or cloaks and daggers cointelhell
 states with legal marijuana have lower rates of opioid hospitalizations  new study finds 
 thinking of a master plan while i smoke this blunt
 lower brule sioux tribe gearing up to move into hempcannabis arena. 
 dave had to get smoke on kayser the other night trynna race me 
 thank god im not a chain smoker. one of those days
 yall really do just be wasting weed 
 i need weed
 dey dont want no smoke catch em down bad  shoot em thru da peacoat
 starting to think im addicted to weed now
 after eating enchiladas its only right that i smoke 
 ok no but really whos in sa amp down to smoke cause i aint tryna burn alone rn
 i need to chill on smoking but... puff puff pass wit yo bitch ass back in highschool used to smoke when i skipped class amp now im a addict.
 see our latest fayetteville  nc job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 @davidgoodfrined  get over it  there is no russian connection  you are the smoke screen.
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hattiesburg  ms
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 gonna open a weedbar with different strands and shits and 3 bonghits  rent a bong  and my own brand blunt wraps 
 @carlosmarinlive seeds must be planted in fertile soil. 5 yrs and still seeking that soil. many weeds infested fields of minds.
 straight smoke 
 brandon weeden still in the nfl
 yearly drug test. i dont use my pee. i smoke  weed. im a trash mom for using a childs pee  eat my asshole
 legit morning routine wake up  shower  put a face mask on amp smoke a blunt 
 dr. rineheart we know secondhand smoke gets you high  ummm...  vtpoli
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2609 shirley ave  send message. 
 so sickening seeing women smoke while theyre pregnant
 the last time i smoked  a podcast on itunes and soundcloud @ los angeles  california 
 late cause free smoke was coming thru the aux
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2554 madison avenue baltimore  send message. 
 so within the last hour ed ambrosino has been fired by the nassau county ida and resisted calls for hempstead supervisor for him to resign.
 you better be careful what you wish for in your rice smoke screen  she probably has the goods on you. fbi still loo 
 she a silly bitch hit da weed and started laughing
 people who smoke in their cars with their windows up are the superior species
 mood blows smoke in your face 
 i wont even roll no weed less iit lik donatello  
 and where theres smoke..the flames will show soon enough. 
 smoking this mild and i dont even smoke milds
 my favorite thing to do when im high is smoke more weed.
 @modsun smoke
 smokin weed in a rental car 
 @redmercer i think were supposed to smoke it off tinfoil behind the closed family dollar.
 @tonimz81 @dete1dea if a private business wants to allow people to smoke weed on their property i think that should be legal
 i havent smoked in 3 days.... im proud of myself 
 stick to weed mama 
 regular nigga tweet anyone want to go on a date with me to date and busters me who trying to smoke go to dnbs then lemme fuck.
 for anybody in future situations wondering if i am high no i am not. it is probably just my contacts. i do not smoke weed.
 she a silly bitch she hit the weed and started laughing
 dont send me pictures or videos of your nasty ass weed and say hit me for tree i dont want that shit 
 picked up this baddie from smoke depot today @ smoke depot 
 i can out smoke out anybody i stg 
 hmu for smoke
 @phillewis @emmcognito tight assed  pretentious white guy. sick smokey the bear on his sorry behind.
 obsessed with the tv show weeds 
 @shmehhhh for real though. my homies smoked me out last night at this dive bar  listening to radiohead and shit. 
 cant sleep  guess ill smoke this j
 theres too much going on  what do i do i smoke something amp write poems
 when its 530 am and youre really craving weed and matcha green tea
 i just cant trust anyone who smokes outta white owls 
 going to smoke a blunt with rumeal in slippers and a robe over my pajamas because it was a hard morning and i deserve to look like trash
 bitch dont even smoke  
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 @huffpostent holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 looking forward to @artweekboston amp featuring my strawberryfieldsforever hot smoked turkey with strawberry glazed 
 he dont want no smoke with lance  
 she wanted to go sit by a lake  under a full moon while we smoked amp conversed. it was lovely. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 524 south bentalou street baltimore  send mes 
 @gendohime and then smoke emits from your ps4. you die in the ensuing fire. they were serious.
 i smoke alot of weed to keep da bitches off my mind
 we have openings available from now until 630 this evening if youd like to get a medical marijuana recommendation. 420doctor malibu ca
 dude i smoked at lunch and now im stuuuck 
 ok first of all... quit lying. and second of all it depends on how much you smoke. 
 get ready... 420 is coming... live art  free food amp speicals from washingtons finest cannabis companies  420 
 people at parties or kick backs ask me why i dont drink but smoke... i like to watch you get fucked up and crack up 
 does the room smell like weed too or is it just me stonerstruggles
 im bored as fuck and have no one to kick it with and no weed to smoke
 brisket is like weed  either dank af or gross af depends whos it is 
 dying to get home from work so i can knock and smoke
 shoot the weed man if the dope ain smoking 
 within the first 3 hours of being in san francisco i witnessed two people smoke crack and blow it in my face
 only 2 things would make this night even better weed or some dick from oomf 
 cant wait to smoke all my cigs 
 these niggas dont want no smoke. 
 no you cant smoke in my car idc if i dont drive it no more
 its not cool to smoke 
 im bouta smoke till i finish this whole damn cd
 clownedddd  im so weaaak.. young smoke burp  @maxwells 
 my soul smells like weed
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well set up a weed farm.  well go work for a weed farm.  ask for  derek  
 trynna smoke a blunt
 just wanna find someone i can smoke and joke with ..
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 woke up with no weed cause i left it my home boy car...great 
 if all you do is smoke amp do nothing productive  you smoke too much 
 with exception of a few if ive never been to your house to pour up or smoke or watch a game bio..... we really aint tight like that.
 i miss leah i aint smoked with my baby in 3 yrs
 my cars still sending smoke out the exhaust pipes nice
 when yall come back what r yall gone say when someone asks what yall did  i uhhh just smoked drank partied on the beach 
 i occasionally  rarely drink  i never do drugs and i do not smoke
 i need to stop playing video games after i smoke man i buy the dumbest dlc
 understanding what matters most when youre in the weeds  from the perspective of the people who are most knowledgeable. r2s ptsafety
 billy paynes words on @arnoldpalmer theking were amazing. seeing @garyplayer with a tear in his eyes smoked me themasters magic legend
 @umboya @ktnkenya moses smoked the burning bush  remember. this plant is biblical
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern state parkway
 it smell like straight weed in this restroom dirty ass bitches 
 bro kashajaun such a faggot tf he will sell everyone some weed but me and  i only call him when im desperate like ur weed not shit ho
 cant wait to get off work and smoke some routers
 lets take a smoke break with shiest bubz and puma at the secret location mobvill harlem go 
 i refuse to smoke joes idgaf how stressed i get
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 no one drinks for the taste anymore  they want to get drunk amp forget amp no one smokes weed cause they like the taste  it makes them happier
 @nohoesgeech yeah its fucking dope down here i can shoot guns  grow weed  all types of shit on my families land with out being bothered .
 dude all im saying is im always fucking sick wtf is going on the government is def fuckig killing us i better get medical weed ya jagoffs
 as wind shifts from n to ne this evening  some smoke from flint hills burning will drift into greater wichita. 
 i had some crazy ass dreams man  it be that weed 
 10 days no weed unless i can find some in florida
 the majority of my life is spent feeling like apl.de.ap or like the other member of the chain smokers...
 i got high on cannabis oil for a little over 12 hours.
 got this one in arizona smoke that california
 yall smoke fruit flavor rellos yall boys gay
 forgot i didnt own a toaster so tried to make a toaster strudel in the oven. 60 burnt but luckily the icing hides the accents of smoke. 
 910 times ill go local but out of desperation i got a @starbucks smoked butterscotch latte  and... its spectacular. overcaffeinated
 mondaywoke up  smoked a blunt tuesdaywoke up  smoked a blunt wednesdaywoke up  smoked a blunt todaywoke up smoked a blunt groundhogday
 neva smoke dope from cali 
 all i smoke is scrilla your bitch look like thriller  
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 yeah fab and don q smoked this dont run remix.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 125 north ann street baltimore  send message. 
  chris brown dont want no smoke he ducking that cancer lol 
 shot some test footage for my next shortfilm loss and found w smokey and he was such a good 
 only perks of a navy chick is she wont smoke.
 10am4pm shift at in and out  half hour smoke break  5pm10pm shift at sketchers
 i cant smoke no booboo foofoo
 baby hit this weed cuz it might calm u down
 bout to chill at the spot and smoke a whole 7 and watch movies
 cray how the cannabis cup is always on my birthday  crazy how i never go  crazy
 im at @bonedaddys house of smoke in dallas  tx 
 if youre going to go out in public smelling of devils lettuce please have the decency not to smoke mid cut with horse shit. mursty asses.
 got a big weed stash pocket fulla cash just seen a big ol ass  forrest kline
 @jamesfrancotv lets smoke
 @tittiesnterror me with weed smoking. i was never high amp mighty about not doing it but i just thought id never do it ya know
 someone smoke with me right now  please 
 how the nurse at kaiser feels on the inside when she asks how often you drink and smoke 
 youve smoked weed like twice now. chill
 i smoke a lot of weed
 just tryna smoke a blunt....
 gonna give big seans new album a listen for the first time as i smoke this b4 bed toe blunt
 malia issa perfect name for a weed strain. malia kush.
 bouta be smokey the bear out in big bear 
 who has dank i need weed asap smh
 @longislandtonv @gnatseepunches @ncmama1970 @pascuzzo @marym47 @mattyglesias weed and mindlessness got us here
 why does everyone think i sell weed
 money so loud i smoke it
 @joefreshgoods  rt @chuuzus lmao chance the rapper really made a malia obama we all smoke its ok shirt  
 @robgeorge @mta meanwhile  i smoked a cigarette on the way to subway and it showed up right on time.
 love it when they call me big poppaa only smoke blunts if they rolled propaaaaaa
 going off the grid this weekend. if you need me  you can reach me by smoke signals or carrier pigeon. see ya monday
 all these folks in savannah do is smoke them nasty ass cigarettes and stare you down
 2 rules of nick fines house  no yelling curses if youre in the front yard and if you wanna smoke weed you have to offer his gram some
 excited to be opening for @joshwolfcomedy feb 1618th at helium comedy club. come to one of the shows and bring all of your weed.
 the shit im smoking is pressure. the shit you smoke gives headaches
 anytime i make a homoerotic bro joke i lose a follower. im gonna keep doing it to weed out the weak ones.
 free smoke  anybody want it they can get it no joke  call up landlord  nigga thats bro 
 im going to opening a medical weed delivery service in slo. im offering a 510 minute get your card online with your first purchase
 thirdhand smoke ths may harm young children   thirdhandsmoke ths
 a mouth full of smoke really makes things clear
 watching shameless and lip says college is medical grade weed mixed with piss grade beer. truuuuuuuuuuu
  i spy a weed leaf  haha 
 i dont know what i would do without the ganja
 got weed now who gone roll it
 good weed in a backwood paralyze you i swear
 shaq dont want no smoke wit chick 
 takeaway from cannabis amp sex @greenflwrmedia cannabis helpfl 4 desire  arousal  orgasm amp satisf in women mmj 
 jack daniels lacquered lollipops  smoked beer butt chicken  and banana pudding...still wondering what to do for 
 id rather smoke my swisher by myself than to smoke a wood with 3 people
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 back when i barely smoked amp didnt have a job alllllll i did was play black ops 2 amp 2k  im too nice @ zombies idc i miss that gameeeee
 smoke a lil weed but my shit together 
 im high but i aint got no weed  habit  i just got a shoe  and getting cheese  fetish 
 best thing you can do as a friend to me is put me on to some new music  new wine or a new strain of weed 
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed the whip.
 i havent smoked weed consistently in a month i dont sleep the same anymore.im use to fallingy in a black hole for 8 hours and getting up
 01.28.17 || green street smoked meats  chicago  illinois  feat. @tonalmemories whpdisguise 
 i do too much i spend too much i work too much i smoke too much i say too much
 you can smoke cigarettes in bars here 
 that moment you smoke your last cigarette 
 bitch im smoking weed in the 6 some of my niggas lood some of em crip 
 just smoked a suped up mustang and challenger on i10 in a stock civic lol
 im legit tryna smoke my sweet tonight
 i guess ill smoke
 i wish i had someone to hold my cigarette while i smoked it bc im so lazy rn lol
 this is what happens when you smoke a fat fucking blunt 
 niggas smoked 1 blunt 
 i was just gonna smoke to ah shit
 mama eye been twitin weed n now it time to lock tha fro
 toughen up cochran this is a smokers lounge. day cares on the first floor. goddamn marcia peoplevsoj
 these two are destined for the smoker tonight around 9pm. i think theyll need 14 hours or so. 
 holy smokes. this is useful. cant parse all the status updates. 
 i left all of our bud on the desk in our hotel and we got a note from the cleaner saying not to smoke in the room lol...
 today this girl tried to pull out a 10 dollar bill out of her pocket and pulled out a huge bag of weed
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 strawberry cake its like they are channeling @preciousdiva81 @ smoke ring 
 something textbooks forgot to include. william r. hurst effect on marijuana in us.  via @thedailybeast racebaiting
 join the smokey bones bar amp fire grill team see our latest job opening here  hospitality greensboro  nc hiring
 @kayy923  wyd after you smoke this 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes available   job
 fun fact im actually allergic af to weed
 dank is right  im convinced instead of hops  this is brewed with weed @relicbrewing   weed dank craftbeer 
 just gone smoke then go to sleep
 see our latest bucyrus  oh job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 only smoke the best cigars.. 
 its obvious that i need marijuana because i dont benefit from others who smoke marijuana medically the way im supposed to
 gotta be 21 for most the good ones   turning 18 really dont have benefits unless you smoke  
 need a smokeing buddy no lame. nigga 
 a smoke session 
 im scared to smoke this nigga weed again .. but he the only one who answered the phone 
 they legalize weed in dallas imma be a grower
 its a smoke a whole pack kind of night
 if youre gonna plant a rose  expect some weeds to grow
 i made a bunch of marijuana butter so long ago and i havent eaten any of it. who wants some
 i just wanna cuddle  smoke and listen to @6lack
 i cant believe its been a month without weed 
 who sells weed
 lets smoke @famousdex
 i hate when rickey dumb ass smoke he be out like my nigga we just walked in the damn door den takin up da whole bed
 my friend just gave me the most amazing windbreaker rn. its literally the dopest dope ive eva smoked 
 except weed 
 who trying to smoke
 as soon as we drove back in from charlotte i went into smoke gear. 
 looking for a light lunch try our composed salad with couscous  herbs  smoked garlic and lemon tzatziki. brunch  
 so  the burden falls to states or investigation was only hype  unravels as smoke amp mirrors 
 dive in  take a breath... blow the smoke through the hole in my chest... still choking on the 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  customer to customer  reefer freight  
 just wanna smoke and watch the game thats all
 yesterday i had my blunt ready to roll up weed perfectly aligned then trinity elbows me and drops all the weed 
 drinking a one hop this time amarillo by @nightshiftbeer @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 i agree  we need more extreme vetting to weed out known satanists hint check the scalp 
 welcome to @prestonpowell3 super bowl party @ churchill smoke shoppe 
 ladies and gents  we have a new... 2013 old guardian oaked smoked aged in bourbon barrels  photo
 i died last night. i have been resurrected via coffee  weed  errands  and tacos. jahbless
 when we were leaving the comp we got into an elevator amp it smelled so much like weed i had to take a step back amp recollect myself
 to much of bad vibes in this house. i need to smoke a fuckin blunt
 @thesignalcaller jed remind chris didnt quit.just like mary jane aka pittsburgh marijuana better.  beer to get rid of blount than bell dui
 just smoked so much fucking toilet paper
 apb looks awkwardly fascist. dont give andy from weeds ultimate power over a police force.
 my grandpa just asked me how my first trip was talking bout weed then he high fived me
 i wanna smoke me a super bowl.  timehop reminds me that i make this joke every year. 
 i feel like i should start smokin weed. next time someone offers me the blunt im going to smoke it
 how many cigarettes has roger goodell smoked since 830
 @jtnova3024 i dont smoke but i feel like starting an ugly habit right about now..
 seattlefree traeger smoker and bbq seattle includes new hot rod replacement. takes two people to move from 2nd 
 this environment is just freaky.. its a song playing about bitches being down to fuck and honestly im tryna smoke.
 when your trying to not act high and smell like weed around ur family 
 check out my live stream on instagram around 10 o clock to see weed passed around like yo bish
 girls who smoke cigarettes
 niggas be broke   but have money for weed... nigga flip that 10 into 20 tf
 i could chain smoke an entire pack of cigarettes thinking of how you left me when i needed you the most.
 hit up my weed man for delivery neighbors they think that he live with me
 you put the weed in the coconut and light that shit upppppppp
 @wfantrades do you chain smoke marlboro reds like benny
 yea weed aint never told me it didnt wanna talk to me lmao 
 the moment when you realize you know someone who claims broke  but would spend their last on weed rather than a toothbrush.
 rey lay back off the weed
 really just so excited that i dont have to hear any poorly contrived weedrelated word play about the super bowl for another year 
 i just smoked a blunt w yaaaaa girlfrannn
 i dont always smoke cigars  but when i do  my mouth tastes like burnt ass for the next three days
 to go to emo nite or stay home and smoke all night... 
 rainy days i smoke a pound of haze
 @londowell lon  did you see my wolf turds i made them last night in the smoker. real tasty. stuffed jalapeo peppe 
 all i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed  really nothin too drastic
 i smoke a lot of gas drink a lot of syrup
 youre blowing smoke at me burger 
 you cant smoke out wit me cause i heard u a busta
 this pothead just told me they should make receipts smokeable 
 im def the happy smoker lmaooo i just be chillin lit slll 
 the wink in weed woodstock nation goes to pot  via @mjheadlinenews
 regrann from @flyingjohnson    smoke trails... jointheteem dieepic teamblackstar skydive 
 @truthfeednews @rescuetracker81 meghan is right  the leakers should be smoked out.
 is there any men that dont smoke or drink lol
 @phaganmatthew i was just playing bro i dont smoke.
 legalized marijuana is breeding enormous amount of illegal sales due to illegal being nearly 50 cheaper. that must stop. hannity
 dinner amp then a late night at the beach with weed is like a perf ass date 
 @mcfaul @terrymoran  you stop it. you dont even like the military . you just blowing smoke out of your a. military got @potus back lib
 prince harry smokes kate  will in charity race 
 when you inject too many marijuanas 
 i just realized i have 4 followers. now i feel pressure to be witty and profound. really  i just want to go pull weeds.
 i do not believe that an individual can be addicted to weed
 i smoke that rosa parks  that shit dont make you move
 im boutta tell kirstyn pull up i wanna smoke wit her 
 wake up smoke a blunt n try to make more money then the day b4 
 summer amp jerrica think its a gameno lucci  matter of fact ima jerrica name like young thug gf name  jerika dem gettin that smoke
 we be having the biggest smoke sessions
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 5415 the alameda baltimore  rear 
 i work with a bunch of undercover kkk members but they dont want no smoke with me
 @rikkileegrand @wadexwilson still smells like smoke before theyre washed lol
 damn shame im basing me staying at work all day on my weedmans response to my text .......
 my best friend is pregnant and she smokes weed  u and ur best friend need jesus.
 free smoke .
 @40droprecords  smoked
 now  normally when a player smokes weed once   theres always this good riddance attitude amongst fans and media
 lol i just needed someone to talk to and i had no weed so i had to overload the timeline wit some gems
 going to school after i get off cause i know if i go home ill smoke and go to sleep 
 who trying to bring me to get wraps ill smoke you out
 id rather be ya nigga so we could drunk and smoke weed all day
 watch porn and smoke a blunt 
 i wanna smoke weed and get fly everyday this working shit aint for me bro its cool right now but ian tryna be doin this shit all my life
 wicked weed sir ryan the pounder now available on tap.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 @davidyankovich @darvan @abc smoke bombs wban terror attacks no one looking at everything else. no aide4ukraine russia going 4 poland next
 i need to smoke this black
 build a wall and see how many weeds and flowers flourish heretosavela sigmaphoto canonphotography canon6d 
 @realdonaldtrump  if we had term limits that weed out lazy asses but now we have to vote the deadbeats outdont need a collage grad to gov
 nea president vows that there will be no relationship with betsy devos.  teachers  your dues go up in smoke.  
 @lazlothebuzz live smoke break was fun
 @betsydevos my public shool friends i are headed to your house to correct your grammar and smoke blunts in your driveway.
 talking to this kid in class today  do you smoke him  no hesitation a lot. all the time.
 watching this person in front of walmart do smoke tricks with their cigarette lmao what
 towards unsupervised weed scouting for agricultural robotics  from our friends down under. we need more farm drones 
 hey jude half pound chicken burger with applewood smoked bacon  haverti cheese  avocado  
 tequila shots when youre low on weed college
 @englishrussia1 @camojoe5682 everyone smokes over there.
 the city of henderson passes a 6 month moratorium on retail sale of recreational marijuana growingtesting it is 
 whoever says you cant get addicted to weed must not know ricky williams 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhjiiklll
 when we smoked out bumping our playlist @fatherdmt 
 also judging by all theses photos he wasnt insanely close to family either and he might have had a weed plant lol. i miss him so much.
 every time grandpa would plant weed  grandma would pull it.
 one marijuana injection can kill you.
 whos tryna sit outside somewhere and smoke a blunt  i need to take advantage of this weather
 ryanare you still making one weed
 @ireneemmm do they got weed im down lol sleeeeeepover 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to jamaica station
 @jbaileysmom @ringod01 only those smoking weed in colorado think bernie won
 @saraaoakes lay off the weed
 hot style  fresh from the smokehouse getwild handcrafted beefjerky @ wild joes beef jerky 
 my bf got the pax vaporizer and i got him to smoke cbd flower for his first time. igotmybftosmoke stonerchick success 
 chemotherapy the old distructive kind wo injectable marijuana is always done in the open when everyone will ignore it then be uaware why
 my car is always trashed after i smoke in it smh
 dr. mark hashim says one of first docs approved for med marijuana in florida. has had patients die waiting for approval.
 mitch mann teaches weedens 4th grade about sound  sound waves and local history through music.  @willvaden 
 whilevaping whilesmokinghookah @ smoke n vape 
 you from the rich neighborhood  got your school paid for  everything handed to you  and you sell weed  aint nothing gangsta bout that
 someone to smoke and chill with is exactly what i need
 its going to be weird when im 30 and i have to hit up a college kid for weed
 someone smells like smoke in here.. raises hand lollll
 sellin trash ass weed for 20g
 13th question continued i dont want to be a criminal  i just want to medicate. unfair to compare marijuana to alcohol.
 wisconsin senate passes marijuana extract bill 
 @thepatriot143 @westxgal  get off that funky smoke.
 1. car in the shop 2. nigga you know ion smoke the devils lettuce 
 limo weed liquor strippers and xanex  hell of a night
 smoking weed and wearing sneakers aint new to us nigga  be respectful.
 @yamiche @joanwalsh if @presssec gets to smoke weed why doesnt everyone else
 its odd really that rep. applebaum wants to legalize weed  but is opposed to sunday sales.   makes you shake your head...duuuuuude
 our new wall mounted posters celebrating lgbtq and cannabis liberation history went up today 
 leave marijuana alone please @potus
 she think i be embarrassed when she tell me people i smoke boa idgaftb awe you like people to know lady you the one tellin em wtf
 i lost my wallet on the bus and i had weed in there
 smoking weed while getting fire head call that knowledge
 caught 2 ws ina row so now i smoke another
 my psychiatrist told me i should start smoking weed again.
 great job confirming the racist weed hater
 lets smoke a blunt or two  ill fuck you good then cuddle you 
 baby eggplant  scallions  olive oil and smoked herbs d provence salt  home grown tomatoes  goat 
 @politicony @nygovcuomo  alcohol vs cannabis   cannabis amp neurogenesi 
 i was just thinking to myself   i think im gna try and not smoke till friday .. like biiiihhh thats only 2 days away 
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern state parkway
 so we all know i suffer horribly from my asthma and im always one 4 meds but someone recommend smoking that ganja lol what any insight
 havent smoked in 3 days and im actually alright 
 yeahhhhhh yall officially lost me with this weed shit now  
 alone at a restaurant w a jar of sauerkraut and a half smoked joint in a ziploc bag that im hiding under my seat
 being snowed in with weed gt netflix and chill
 when people ask me if i smoke 
 today was the i smoked the green on green day amp got my ass suspended for 92 days. happy kwaj day 
 @jimmyb3nn3tt overstuffed dime bag of weed
 @nickiminaj they wont let you carry if u get a ptsd tag ... but you can get a weed script.    how about...
 i smoke like a chiminneyyyy
 when yo homies ask you do you want to smoke 
 yes yah honor i feel ashamed  i broke the law but look ill never smoke or steal again
 i smoke too much the problems of a 20 something
 just wanna smoke and sleep
 trump should spend half the time praying to root out inner weeds as he does rooting out others not agreeing with hi 
 heavy smoke and active roof flames at fireplace and stove store on camp rd hamburg @wkbw 
 @valley308 holy smoke heard last night the east would get slammed been like spring here in new mexico bundleup america needs you 
 oshawa fire acting chief says flames and smoke visible from the building when they arrived. man jumped from home  n 
 @jackiefarnham their smokescreen is only perceived. @larryc2882 @hollyberry872
 ok but do i ask the weed man to drive in this lmfao
 update incident on i495 eb from 164th street to new york city and north hempstead line 
 bitches who smoke loosies pussy dry 
 let me say it in terms youll understand  omg its lit let go smoke 3 gs 
 my jacket smells like cigarettes... pero like i dont smoke
 @foxnewsradio @danaperino  decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research 
 its crazy how much ppl be hating on the smoke
 @govmikehuckabee decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us do the same 
 at urgent care man this drug test dont test for weed  right nurseit does... man oh...well i guess ill come back another day exits
 watch trump not even go after drug cartels. watch him try and stomp on legal weed. watch the drug epidemic grow. watch opiod use increase.
 i swear the only time anyone hmu is to smoke. dont nobody ask me to do shit or check on me or even talk to me lbs.
 so should all alcoholics deserve to die since they have a problem too or people who smoke people who are addicted to prescription drugs
 i hella deserve to go home right now smoke one stick of cigarette  a blunt and drink myself to sleep
 tasting room flatbread charred smoked andouille pimento cheese  poblano shaved red onion @ 
 im gonna be in the worst mood all day.. im not even at work yet but i cant wait to be done and come home and smoke a blunt.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1807 lauretta avenue baltimore  send message. 
 atlanta weed bad cause its atlanta thats it 
 your name art and sound is so nice that it just stands out in the this terrible movie. they were more focused on smoke and mirrors
 pizza lowkey sounds lit for dinner might just grab adriaticos and smoke a blunt tonight
 havent smoked in over a month so i was gonna reward myself with a dab do i went to the dispensary but it was hella busy so no dabs for me
 congratulations to amy amp david hastings. olathe south 2017 dip off champions. they came big with a smoked salmon di 
 just wanna smoke blunts and go drifting
 get yaself into trouble amp think your gonna get your ass beat 18 or not but ya parents offer to buy you your medical marijuana card instead
 need to smoke a blunt
 wait till i get mine imma smoke you  
 my dad just told me that if im gonna smoke weed that i need to smoke him out
 @wacsports @wacbasketball holy smokes from what ive seen lately the tournament is gonna be fire wacforlife 
 when you realize you dont smoke 
 i barely smoke weed anymore cus i dont even crave it like that
 when i rted this i was thinking of weed ... then my nigga was like am i not a dime to you i was like... wtf  
 got me trippin cause no ones been home all day but me. my stepdad used to smoke hella cigarettes amp it got me thinking maybe it was him.
 youre the kind of girl i wanna hangout and smoke with you seriously so chill 
 @harlydogg @usashero6 @netflix @jackpmoore what netflix or my cannabis company
 can i have some of that shut you smoke @billwalton 
 had to apologize to the lady in bdubs she said she couldnt pay for her food cause the weed smell was too strong...apologies
 @dojikkomeido yeah  that ive been smoking weed everyday for months
 bodyhead bangerz  email us at imjustapromoter@gmail.com  roy jones jr.  i smoke  i drank dirty on youtube 
 i was just about to wake up and smoke this blunt but something told me not to amp that was a sign from god cause i got a drug test tomorrow 
 i dont smoke in the house why do u have a fully loaded bong in your room
 dickweed @realdonaldtrump is now blowing smoke up japans ass after saying they should apologize for ww2 @cnn @maddow @citizensfedup
 more smoke than youd generally want 
 bout to smoke these grams fuck with yall later
 dudes sign read need money 4 weed keepingitreal
 @djsmokey666 @verified love u smokes 
 i need weed and a fuckin shot to get me through this hospital ride
 i smoke it til its done 
 the amount of weed this nigga pulled out his stash put the biggest smile on my face bachillorette
 someday well live in a world where gay couples can protect their adopted muslim children and weed plants with their guns.
 macomb weedmans are disappointments
 gas what i smoke 
 i dont smoke but this funny 
 smoking weed doesnt make me a bad person just like going to church doesnt make you a good person.
 they smoke them dutches out there 
 question why do americans smoke these extra long cigarettes
 lemme smoke u out instead salty asssssssss
 u should juss stop smoking if u gonna smoke twigs my dude  
 man i fuckin hate this being an adult shit. i just wanna smoke weed and chill and read and get all the tattoos.
 new pipe smoke session. new vide is up be sure to watch and leave a like  rts appreciated 
 medical marijuana facilities limited under proposed zoning   
 meat @ smokey bones bbq amp grill  @smokeybonesbar in brandon  fl 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 i honestly like weed more than i like people
 incense and hydro smoke spiraling together in the moonlight.
 i kno some gutta bitches that a smoke a bitch fr
 baaaa rosemary and mint panko crusted lamb chops  smoked gruyere whipped potatoes  lemon 
 been up since 8pm last night. passin the weed amp sleeping for 1314 hours tonight fuhh
 when youre staying w your fianc aunt bc nannying her son and your room smells like weed.... yikes
 im tryna get my girl to start smoking so i wont have to smoke alone anymore 
 i just wanna smoke and go watch a movieee
 i just smoked my sister out for the first time 
 this isnt nam  smokey  there are rules.
 i just wanna chill and smoke green with my guys @lyonking 
 @sarahpruitt2 lol wait that was for drinking. i didnt breastfeed for long though. but girl go ahead and smoke lmao. you deserve it
 id rather smoke than drink  but its illegal.
 wow you smoke weed please  tell me more about it
 steve looks delicious and smokes amazing  five different profiles rich and bold have a great weekend  
  smokey robinson  myles garrett  batman lego movie  mike ilitch  the great wall  eclipse 2017  danielle bregoli  2017211 0804 cst
 make sure you dont smoke weed with dumb niggas because weed will make you smart. aint nothin worse than a smart dumb nigga.
 this might be a weed and netflix day
 who ever smokes weed is the avatar  
 @kendalrhodess @norcross now they can look like total badasses while they bust parties and arrest 16 year olds for smoking weed
 where to buy smoked olive oil in okc
 i ride around in your car i put my weed in yo blunt 
 high key wanna go to the beach today just to smoke
 i think i get too much into the weeds at the outset but i promise i finish strong focused on just the anime 
 i truly believe i smoke too much especially before i sleep n thats why i dont have dreams lol.
 @scottmadin @mrdeeky i hear the kids these days use most any word to refer to marijuana.
 @redcrosssc @loupalm60 @redcross easternscchapter saturday  miniblitz. 10  and 35 smoke alarms installed.  are now safe.
 niggas out here really addicted to weed  thats crazy
 adultingisapain until you get a recommendation for medical marijuana 
 happy bday to my mf nigga @ccxisolo wyo bro smoke sum
 signing up for the avon walk chicago @ old crow smokehouse river north in chicago  il 
 time to smoke a fatty and vibe with @djhercules15 on @99jamz. while i work yasssss
 meditation  conversation and a little marijuana.
 my hands are straight covered in resin. cleaning bowls sucks ass. weed is gross.
 all i smoke is killer
 i hate those black people that smoke weed and show guns on snap everyday
 how come we only smoke with dudes where all the females at.
 accident in clark on decatur blvd at smoke ranch rd vegastraffic 
 whole lotta smoke  drinking a smoke on the porter side project volume 28 @ old canal inn   photo
 i hate when people be overly thirsty to smoke. its just weed fam.. 
 fuck bitches man  imma just smoke amp make money from now on dont need no more distractions from these lames
 me in the weeds vs me refilling the ice once 
 someone come french braid my hair ill smoke you out
 the age women start forgetting childhood is 30.thats perfect with my dating range.they start having daddy issues because he went foe smokes
 dont smoke but im trying to lay on some titties and we can share a smoothie or something.  
 i be wanting to smoke until i realize i gotta roll it  i be tried of rolling 
 i do not know what i did to deserve such an amazing boyfriend like noah. holy smokes
 to do get my mom to become a pothead so i can smoke at home
 @katiesalvino @noahemiller13 whenever i smoke with u guys 
 when ur stuck in the smoke bud zone ltltltlt
 tries not to be a bitch at the bar and smoke at the girls who i make eye contact with girls in reno dirty look girls in vegas smile back
 i hope @alecbaldwin doesnt smoke 
 its not just black people in jail for marijuana lol 
 dead ass who wants to smoke and come over eat candy and watch movies with me
 where the weed at
 @mcorreia12 morgan hid her weed last night and now meghan cant find it
 great time yesterday at @miuracigars with an awesome group of botls enjoying some amazing smokes by @epcarrillo  
 anybody trynna smokematch come over
 the one time i want someone else to smoke with me  no one is around 
 perfect day to smoke a blunt w your friends
 yo i smoked a with blunt with @chrisbrown last  migos was had the place lit and my boy travis scott killed his performance
 theyre trying to do the best they can to drive everyone into the taxed model  said jason warf  head of the cannabis council
 wow check out the signature of the smoke plume in the dualpol rhohv 
 bouta turn into one those we dont smoke the same boot ass niggas  
 taking applications for female friends so if yous a bad mami who loves weed amp staying on top of your ambitions hmu
 i need you to smoke 2 joints for the pain immediately
 me every time i pick up weed 
 smoking weed helps your migraines sorry thats illegal. have you tried sitting in a dark  quiet room all day
 id be like hey it was a taquito but if i wanted to smoke a cigar in public i can so mind your own god damn business 
 were hiring click to apply milsatcom hemp system engineer   engineering coloradosprings  co job jobs
 i get filthy when the weed getting to me
 nyc where yall weed men at
 if you smoke but yo car got no ashes in it  you dont smoke...
 wish i smoked so this nap could be 10x better
 waitin to hear this nigga smoke lol
 ppl i work with bitch if we leave the floor for one 15 min break but they take 6 breaks to stand in the cold amp smoke their cancer sticks 
 after i eat these burgers ima smoke and eat sum cereal. lmao
 thats what weed does to you brooooo lol 
 we could vibe and smoke..
 kim must have smoked a whole pack during this launch 
 play ya role if you ion play yo part you a smoked nigga 
 bitch i really dont smoke nomore im so serious this time son 
 thanks  autocaption  without you id never know that disney named a princess marijuana captionyourvids youtube craptions
 gonna smoke a blunt before work then maybe go get some coffee 
 my room smells like weed and i cant find any 
 the press does not have to give this white house a pass. they need to stay on task dont let chris ruddy run a smoke screen around us
 fuck a bomb threat i got trees to smoke.
 ban memes ban weed
 need a valentine to smoke with all day tomorrow
 niggas never put in but be wanting to smoke
 @truthorange @amandaseales odd you left out marijuana dispensaries.
 me hangin with smokey the tennessee tuxedo clad hound @ city county building 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 516 allendale street baltimore  
 im just tryna smoke chill and vibe .. with out all the extra shit
 everytime i smell cigarette smoke  it gives me an instant headache. 
 some new work from the weekend. a shoot for pot dhuile  cannabisinfused olive oil. curated set here 
 my marijuana levels were 55x the limit and blakes was 67x 
 i swear im already over today like i just wanna smoke and be left alone cuz rn im bout to murder someone if  ppl keep pushin me  its on
 guys next to me in library people would be way less mad in church if they could smoke
 this is what happens to your bed sheets when you smoke 
 the gas station smells like weed lmaooo
 why is that because someone smokes they automatically are considered stupid ...
 i got bronchitis and sound like a 3 pack a day smoker lucky me  bryana made me grilled cheese and tomato soup for dinner 
 i hate that my weed tolerance is high now   i used to not even be able to finish 1 blunt by myself back in school 
 @juliettekayyem i dont buy it. this statement is either a smokescreen until we pay attn to the next crazy whatever  or the truth is more 1
 stop being so hateful and like spread positivity or some shit smoke a blunt bitch
 lets cuddle up  smoke a lot of marijuana and get really high
 @aiiamericangiri @andrewfenton9 @slate all about the marijuana play
 @e666s a wood and a 8th then woulda said fuck her in her face and smoked it to the dome clout
 stop letting ugly hoes smoke for free 
 i wanna smoke. which is weird. i never wanna smoke lol
 holy smokes  al leong plays a photographer in shes having a baby @moviestvnetwork
 sos. some one smoke w me
 @melobrad27 mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 please dont smoke around me if its not loud
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 update construction on ny135 both directions from exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike to exit 7  hempstead...httpst.cogrqgjuimqa
 definitely gone smoke this blunt today tho happy vday to me bitches
 @luisfliesnaked after telling him he couldnt smoke  you walked away like..... 
 @barksanchez64 like the people at dont park on the grass that were allergic to weed
 u want smoke wassup get cho ass scuff
 cant fw no girl that smoke blacks shell beat you up
 @grimmycoyote the fact that weed soda is a thing blows my imminent
 happy valentines day to the blunt ima smoke later 
 my geography teacher my earth science teacher used to smoke marijuana in front of his students.. those were the days
 meanwhile  the dea just scheduled 1d industrial hemp. they dont care about wellbeing  they care about industry an 
 i left my weed at sarahs and that just makes me so sad
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 ive got green smoke.....ive got green smoke therock alcatraz 
 anyone watching the news i wonder what happened.... cops everywhere  helicopter flying around. holy smokes
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 347 south smallwood street baltimore  send me 
 finna go smoke me a big fat bleezy str8 to the noggin
 smokin weed no my blacks  
 the only flower id want for valentines day would be weed.
 i need to find this jenna marbles weed everyone is talking about  
 im too ready to smoke.
 drinking a fort laurens amber ale by lockport brewery @ sublime smoke   photo
 @jbpky98 @logic301 i can blow os with vape smoke
 tryouts got cancelled  had a whole box of thin mints  got the freshest fade of my life and my barber smoked me out. today was a good day.
 beer 3 in the flight... perfect amount of smoke tnt  drinking a steakcake stout at @beergrowlerws   photo
 @rayavlogs hands down   celia hoses from weeds. couldnt stand how bitchy she was.
 @onthealth today is my first day going smoke free. ive tried so many times  but now i am readyampdetermined. my self love gift for v day.
 the weed may make my eyes pink  but only you can make my heart red
 even the weed man was on some messy shit today lol
 we see premature cad in pts with familyhistory  smokers  familial hypercholesterolemia  elev lipoprotein a  dm am 
 ima walk the trail amp smoke 10 blunts just to clear my mind amp forget about you ..
 @alienknife weed boy son of weed 
 all weed in canada is so fucked up. unless i grown my own plant or im in jamaica fuck it.
 i heard youre going to maintain michelle obamas herb garden. how about a cannabis garden flotus
 @sawamoey guuuurl come smoke sometime 
 i suck at rolling but when i smoke by myself i can give two fucks
 the only thing i love is my drank amp weed 
 when i smoke this blunt im gone forget you 
 wow. @potus @realdonaldtrump @whitehouse is in fullon panic mode today. where theres smoke... keep digging  @nytimes and @washingtonpost.
 want to smoke a fat blunt
 arrogance is a weed that grows on a dunghill 
 we deserve a smoke break.. 
 this real asf its called red poison  wyd after you smoke this 
 i dont smoke 
 ion like girls who smoke....               me 
 literally livin out my cannabis dreams in la... i cant believe its rly happenin
 teacher told the class i suck at concentrating bc marijuana is legal in oregon... kayyyyy
 smoked weed and drank wine til midnight and now im at work lmaooo
 if you missed the ca senate cannabis hearing yday  heres the video  @ilikemike 
 steak and eggs  more like smoked beef rib and eggs
 my boyfriend smoked a bunch of pot and afterwards when asked where he wanted to eat  he responded qdpotl @cmfcknw @qdoba @chipotletweets
 i just know detroit got terrible weed
 all of my everything are collabs with weed 
 @xxlgods @xxl  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 @eleftherios  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 what a bright idea. im shocked they got caught. legal weed hasnt cut into the cartels profit margin enough. weed 
 here at meeting to discuss lansings  proposed medical marijuana ordinance for commercial establishments. tweets to come @lsjnews
 i love weed so fucking much 
 jumbo smoked chicken wings are one of our most popular menu items. smoked to perfection  
 some new shit for you to smoke to burn 1.. or 2...  drowzy pt.2 out now on 
 @mccormick4chefs  i always toast amp smoke chef. 
 so my mom is reading lauren and i the news and she just showed us this drug catapult where mexico catapults weed bundles over the wall
 i smoked some really good shit yesterday
 i open my window for fresh air not to have your disgusting secondhand smoke come into my room i should be able to breathe in my own home
 @slobonmycobb you barley smoke anymore i gotta take that approach
 if weed really is the devils lettuce  its too bad i fuckin love salad
 im not home  has bill walton gone completely off script talking about legalizing weed yet
 nap or smoke is my dilemma
 she gotta look like barbie and smoke like marley
 i need to smoke man 
 im smokin weed listening to shakira fuck it im chillin
 i just wanna smoke a fucking fatty ugh 
 setting up a smoke shop and like organizing glass  pricing glass  and all this....oh my oh my. i need a dab
 gotta buy a new pipe because my sisters a bitch ass. one of them was my hempfest pipe too
 going smoke a joe
 if a girl ever smoked my weed and dipped without even spending like an hour... that would be the saddest high ever bruh i might shed one
 @seanhannity. i think this is a bunch of baloney a smokescreen general flynn could be a mole seriously they can put people all i know is dnc
 she love the way my weed taste
 im getting high on reefer
 people at my school finding out that i smoke  
 delicious  just the right amount of smoke.  drinking a melange no. 5 @ wakefield ponds   photo
 parked car smoke sessionsgt
 kinda wanna smoke soon bc why not
 new marijuana diversion program could let users walk free in harris county 
 who more realer weed in the ford wheeler  f mic till you see me you never saw thriller 
 leave me alone im just in my zone im just trying to just smoke
 wild if u smoke cigs w ur windows closed and ash in a cup holder 
 i regret not bring any weed to work today smh..
 @thefactsnow @mianorton28 ok so can you help us get medical marijuana
 would you rather smoke some
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 2130 eagle street baltimore  tras 
 @sambe448 you dont smoke tho
 yes im high and thinking of a more efficient future for me when i want good high  can a weed shawhomans dream
 last class for the week its the weedend 
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 texas da plans marijuana sanctuary  via @breitbarttexas
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   bolivar  tn
 its be a week since i smoked or took a drink  thats a big step for me
 this time last year i was probably in the front leaning rest getting smoked because someone sneezed in formation.
 @realdonaldtrump you smoked jim acosta cnn when you told him cnn was a fake news channel but it is now a very fake news channel.
 he doesnt lie  drink  smoke 
 im just tryna hangout with @cookiemonstadub in new york in march and smoke a blunt and eat lots of cookies
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 my lungs hurt so bad  im about to make some stupid strong edibles and not smoke for a week to heal.
 they say marijuana is bad because of heart attack risks but these antibiotics make my heart beat faster than ever just standing up
 lol no. my stoner friends easily clear 800 a month on weed. do u know how much a damn pak cost these days 
 my hair smells like cook food and smoke  every time i leave a damn party
 whos trumps plug bc if i can buy weed for the same price as a kit kat i wanna link this man 
 love to smoke
 now you know hes out of touch with reality because you just know he pays 20 bucksg of weed 
 theres a special place in hell for people who smoke on a restaurants patio.
 all this nigga chris do at work is smoke dope in the bathroom 
 why does poutineweek have to end i want more fries  gravy  cheese curds  and all the smoked 
 sometimes i forget weed is illegal 
 imma smoke this propane  thats easing this pain
 see our latest arlington  tn job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 i eat just so i can smoke a cigarette afterwards tbh
 they stopped my bus and said that if anyone wants to smoke a cig they can half the bus emptied in 7 seconds
 the smoke of so thick ...there must be fires all around us 
 when you just smoke a fat blunt and and your parents ask you if youre high. ha no. 
 it went down ategood withmylove @ smokey bones bar amp fire 
 tonights uni model is sr pitcher @jonlipinski . the vols will be wearing the smokey greys to kick off the season h 
 the sky is looking like a smoke season rolled into la
 lorrie lit a cigarette and smiled and waved the smoke out of her face.. 
 if someone wants to come over and smoke with me thatd be cool
 just gone smoke a blunt tonight and have a beer.
 when youre riding around in your car and you cant tell if the smell you just smelled was really good weed or a sk 
 @hilmarhustler he told me you dont smoke hookah
 need some smoke for tomorrow 
 no one is eating the cheese. but ok. i didnt make the lillet cocktail.  or the potato chips with smoked salmon. ra 
 im trying to get some good weed amp something good to eat before i go home 
 the chemistry of a cannabis high  how thcamp8217s psychoactive properties protect the brain 
 if ur 20  still cant drive  dont work  and dont do shit but smoke all day ur a lame
 i swear every time i sit down and get comfortable to smoke a bowl i have to pee  even if i just went pee 2 minutes ago
 all i can smell right now is weed and ive smelt it for the past hour... maybe its a sign ill be smoking soon 
 my moms drunk ass just screamed across the room asking me if i would rather drank or smoke pot....
 waiting on this bomb smoke sesh with the best friend 
 god i hate to be that person but weed is so good.  its so nice.
 cant smoke with @kdbates23 no more 
 drinking a smoked chocolate cherry stout by @lionbridgebrew at @lionbridgebrew  
 tons of keys though....where this weed i smell coming from its pretty smooth
 blame it on the smoke 
 somebodys smoking weed on here... i might throw up 
 smoke some weed n shut up for once
 naaah shawwtyy i dont smoke
 we really finna act like la aint full of dirty niggas that sell weed lmao
 just got handed 270 and debating how much to spend on weed 
 john maya u dont know any guys w weed me uhh idk any str8 dude in their right mind thatll smoke all 3 of us out him ill give him a bj
 literally just order a jimmy johns sandwich just to ask the delivery nigga where i can find weed
 we smoke frontos not no zig zags
 takin dabz @ 630 a.m amp the smoke alarm goes offscared tha shit outta me
 @fariharajuku ima have a drink now lmao shit smokers smoke all damn day and nobody question them 
 im pissed i passed out last night  too much weed amp patron
 @whiskeybentbbq do you recommend  to thaw out chicken wings frist or is it ok to put frozen on low smoke on the treager
 just about to start buying my own weed and smoking my own shit just like kayla ass 
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 got anything you need promethazine  rocks  weed amp da fuckin xanz
 would i smoke this bitch yes prolly fail my piss test
 we really smoked my sister car out lastnight lmfao i know it smell like straight gas in that mf 
 @christinegabrie @hashtagjones1 ok please dont make excises to drink smoke bone and think about how stupid posting 
 im that pisces that love weed
 diet schmiet. its time for a brighteyed.  brunchgoals @ blue smoke 
 @realdonaldtrump.need more research for benefits of medical marijuana. relief for many illnesses in a healthier way 
 i literally feel like i have black lung from all of the smoke last night.
 ppl who dont smoke r boring 
 i was like why the fuck would ian mail me a contraption to smoke weed out of mom  think about it.....and i think thats what stumped her
 i  weed
 so apparently i flipped out on my bf again last night  went and smoked  forgot about it and told him he must have had a bad dream
 @celeduc i was always entranced by smokey and bobs. mampd always said they were a waste of money and so did tom. this is my first one.
 drinking a lava smoked imperial stout by lvisholt brugghs @ world of beer festival   photo
 some guy traded his roll up the rim for a smoke from eddie socanadian
 @jeruslayem smoke a blunt with meeeee
 and he dont even smoke. just hit it once when he light it.
 i said we should get tim hortons and my mom thought i was talking about a strain of weed
 it amazes how many are still incarnated for selling weed or having weed on them yet so many others who are privilege are making money off it
 i just had a smoke session in the back of the benz
 is it 9 yet i wanna smoke a blunt 
 i seen a girl walking and smoking a blunt and then i remember weed is legal now   lol
 how do you do marijuana
 havnt ran out of weed in so long idk if i could do this drinking thing
 pizza  weed and finding dory 
 cant wait to get off amp smoke before i spazz 
 im tired dennahoe all i wanna do is take a bubble bath smoke a blunt amp get in bed lmao saturdaynightin
 @bambamamor ya just smoke and bump   we like to know whats going on in eachothers lives while listening to good music
 me it smells like weed in my rood justice it smells like weed in my eyeballs
 lmaooo he said he dont even know what to say he smokin too much weed lmfaooooo u might be right b
 he said i look like an aristocrat when i smoke
 i can smoke bag of this 
 are you even drunk if you dont smoke a cig
 okay real question.... how did someone discover marijuana  and what was their experience after getting gloriously high fr though 
 dumb bih trying to sell me weed on tinder 1 i dont smoke 2 i know enough hoodlems where i wouldnt have to pay for it
 i ate what is probably the best meal of my life at plant food and wine in venice tonight. holy smokes.
 i am a bridesmaid  i am smoking weed in a king size bed my sisters boyfriend did breakdancing in front of our whole family
 who wants to smoke a blunt with me
 i like the way this weed taste like a mf
 my dads on house arrest and i feel like i am also because ive been in the house with him since i got here only went outside to smoke a cig
 having smoke detectors is not enough to save your life...make sure they work firesafety testyourdetector whfd 
 @bengoldacre the weeds by @voxdotcom maybe or 538s politics podcast
 @killaahcurls man i told you already if you want that smoke you could get that smoke
 this is why i dont drink  i smoke 
 if you dont give your weed some fire play while breaking it down it wont smoke and burn to its full potential
 who can i chill and smoke with today on this nice sunday 
 tryna win an argument here... how would you prefer to smoke your bud
 real life smoked 15 blunts 
 i warned ya  its karma  black thoughts and marijuana.
 i dreamed that you got me weed for my birthday 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 127 east ostend street baltimore  
 wish i had some weed to smoke on my brake 
  i dont sugar coat. im super blunt.   smoker   goofy af 
 my house smells like weed and i cannot figure out where its coming from
 i literally woke up and smoked a cigarette and chugged mountain dew
 when shes a dime loyal and a sex goddess   but smokes squares. 
 fine since nobody wants to hangout with me i guess ill smoke by myself and do some homework 
 see our latest alpharetta  ga job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 survey should marijuana be 1 illegal 2 decriminalized  3 legal by prescription 4 available to adults for medicinal amp recreational use
 @heatondeck23 lol ight bro they have some sorry ass weed here man i want some good shit like the bud i would have back in the day
 havent smoked not uh lick of nothing. and i aint even worried fr feeling good
 we get it bitch u smoke cigs and listen to indie trash
 its a nice day to call up ya best friend and say lets meet up when yall know yall jus gon smoke  drink amp bs like usual.  sprinter2017
 uses financial aid money to buy weed
 end of prohibition.. invention of the internet and personal computing... the birth of iphoneappssmartphones.. and medical cannabis invest
 yo twitter peeps. doing a research paper. do you think the legalization of marijuana in colorado has an affect on drug abuse in minors
 weed a natural herb that cant cause no harm but we cant smoke around our kids yall funny as fuck. 
 i only smoke sativa in the studio
 jus need a girl i can lay up smoke and watch twd on sundays with thewalkingdeadseason7
 im seriously addicted to coffee like a smoker is addicted to cigarettes.
 is it smokey  
 i done smoked all my dabs and ate all my thc candy.  nothing compares to a solo blunt though.
 watching indian and the cupboard...holy smokes man childhoodmemories
 smoking meats in february is awesome.... smoked meatballs and mac n cheese masterbuilt 
 pretty bitch zip full of weed
 freshbuzz easter egg smokey and the bandit
 i did lace your weed. all of your weed. yours too. ask me if i care.  look me in my face and ask me if i care about ya dusty ass pussy 
 keith peterson smokes at least 3 packs a day.
 can i just fast forward to my court date so i can smoke again
 when you have money but no access to it until you get a new card so your begging people to smoke w you but everyone hates you 
 doctor do you smoke me smoke what doctor  
 very active scene. heavy smoke. foresthills explosion 
 just got kicked outta the bar for smelling like weed 
 went down to the basement of the hospital to sneak a smoke  got to looking at all the work it 
 need some smoke eaters in my life asap
 not this retarded one ... no smoke and thats no joke leave that to clintons and obamas
 damn youre so sweet  like peach arizona lips on my cheek and the smell of marijuana 
 i just wanna smoke and get my lean on 
 you can smoke in gas stations in kentucky
 ive smoked weed for 4 years and dont know how to roll a blunt
 ima drink up  ima smoke some keep it moving  it was nice to know ya
 i smokeeee  i drankkkk  i i i drankkk... 
 who wanna smoke  bored
 im trynna smoke
 i dont think i could date someone who didnt smoke weed
 in my house hold i learned you can get grounded for stealing your step dads weed but you can get ungrounded if you catch him smoking it
 @chelseaclinton ill bet your daddy didnt smoke cigars. 
 i took my medicine on an empty stomach and ive been in so much fucking pain since and all i wanna do is smoke wtf
 another 20 000. up in smoke and the protesters will still get the welfare support. how dumb can we be send them t 
 @billycorben if cvs has them for legal drugs  why not for legal medical marijuana 
 yall really gotta leave the weed alone 
 you can lose weight amp fat while taking cannabis the entire munchies thing is all mental.
 imma just snoke weed n chill today
 big presidents day saledo not operate a vehicle or machinery under the influence of marijuanakeep marijuana out o 
 i made a new bodybutter recipe today. it has a nice smokey scent from bay laurel oil which is 
 if you are a white trash tramp who smokes pot and drinks every weekend plz keep your comments shaming other people away from me  thx.
 off early time for a victory smoke away
 i think if more ppl started smoking indica weed 1st  that maybe theyd be less hard on weed. indica bud is so suprisingly different. 
 turned the weber smokey mountain smoker into a charcoal grill for some quick chicken wings  looks like a little e 
 theres no longevity living off negativity fuck it id rather sell reefer than do pizza delivery
 only people ill smoke with that i didnt watch roll the blunt are my cousins
 is it bad that i think about starting to smoke cigarettes all the time bc they seem to help everyone else when they feel like this
 holy smokes how do people stand for the glacial speed of west coast coffee shops
 . vt house speaker @mitzijohnsonvt weighs in on marijuana  budget disagreements with @govphilscott vtpoli 
 all niggas speak about is bling amp bucks amp weed amp fuckin
 60 degrees in cleveland on a holiday in february  gotta bring the smoker out. 
 i may smoke tonight 
 my off days consist of house cleaning   grocery shopping  eating   and hella smoke 
 nothing but weedles  zubats  drowses and psyducks everywhere. shit atleast give me a geodude
 smoke a little weed  bitch im feeling dandy.
 on top of old smokey 
 aint hittin shit if it aint weed wtf 
 after they both smoked weed ... 
 my parents were acting weird the past hour bc they saw the tabs open on my laptop about marijuana   theyaskedifiwasok imworkingonaproject
 i wanna smoke so badly but with no car its hard 
 im bored i need more friends who smoke
 its disgusting how many people in my family smoke cigarettes.
 just heard two rich businessmen talking about buying weed amp it was hilarious 
 just irritated as hell ..... i just wanna smoke
 just met my neighbor over him knocking on my door for some weed  i love it
 you can smoke all you want  but i dont want to partake 
 just rolled the cutest lil j omg i cant even smoke it bc its too damn cute
 they said that we couldnt smoke in this bitch we fucked around and still rolled up
 im bored i wanna smoke but im bout to go to sleep
 @izabellarias mm too bad i aint smoked in like 34 months
 @galdytron the weed pen u gave me gets me stupid high n i love it so much
 at 503 am  12 ne weed siskiyou co  ca mesonet reports nontstm wnd gst of m63 mph mfr 
 og ion smoke no cookie  been trappin cant be no rookie
 im never smoking the weed that gave me this moment of clarity ever again after i finish this 8th 
 @indylife free ebook today on masculine  femminine and cannabis 
 @weedseedsuk free ebook today on masculine  femminine and cannabis 
 if ur a straight 10 but u smoke cigarettes  ur automatically like a 6
 fabulous location versatile living space 33 plus builtin smoker  garden shed  pond and new 
 i hope ohio legalizes marijuana soon
 yo the sound of a smoke detectors battery dying  is the worst sound ever.
 wanna smoke  thingsisayaftersex
 this starbucks smells like good weed
 geeking to smoke 
 i hate weed with everything in me.. wanna know why no reason at all.
 ill smoke yo broke ass nigga bitch  
 all i want is to get paid from the music i make and then buy a boat and then a house and and drink beer and smoke cigarettes all day 
 the cashier at the smoke shop by my house is literally tweaking on meth atleast half the times that i go there 
 teen arrested with marijuana  cocaine in akins high parking lot 
 finally off headed home tired asf hungry asf need to smoke all of thee above
 weezy always say so yall just gone smoke yall brains out  i be dead weak
 @markbaden if this pic didnt have a caption  id totally think it was smoke. great capture
 my mom comes home from work so i jokingly yell  hide the weed.. my mom replies with dont hide it  break it out omg mom
 im trynna smoke
 fuck that weed shit ... this white bitch bad asl 
 my neighbors smoke so much that ill never know if they actually choke to death. im always like they aight  next thing ya know they not
 were on a baby hunt and dont think we dont know how to weed em out
 one of my biggest fears is to go check in at the airport and forget the jar of weed in my purse
 cant wait to get outta class so i can smoke and then eat with my bf 
 ive been trynna cope by getting weed
 @maddow rachel please do not allow trump to change conversation about russia  there is smoke and fire.he want to change conversation. dont.
 itll be cool if you could smoke weed on the plane lol
 she dont smoke but everytime she with me we be faded.
 i just want unlimited weed  money and good loving.
 just cause your boyfriend smokes weed and steals iphones left around school doesnt mean he a hood nigga  petty theft ass niggas
 kara need to come smoke this last blunt with me
 handmade natural four leaf clover necklace on hemp  chain or r by fernwehfreya   via @etsy
 sir  some of us care about our lungs amp this is a smoke free campus.  please smoke your cigarette elsewhere. thanks.
 @dereksilva not to mention the fact that its almost impossible to walk down the street and not inhale puffs of smoke. we want a mixed use
 my team got smoked in dodgeball tonight . now all i feel like doing is getting in a workout.
 i let my black hair grow and my weed strong.
 things that piss me off 1. people who smoke 247 that judge me for drinking
 when people say you dont need weed to have fun or just in general 
 when you see someone cute  then read their profile amp it says they smoke weed. thats an automatic dealbreaker.  nonsmoker onlinedating
 got some weed im tryna get rid of for the low hmu 
 @newdaycnn ive accepted rep admins before.  not a poor loser. its potus integrity. re russia. where smoke theres usually fire.
 mfs dont be wanting smoke in 2k 
 everybody wanna smoke til they gotta throw a little bread 
 hate being sober  ima smoker
 texas veterans lobby for medical marijuana legislation at texas capitol 
 bowl of beef stewmade with smoked prime rib  collards  and toast 7.99 girls night out 58 pm
 living in colorado  you dont realize how spoiled you are until you get weed from another state 
 my mind to wild to smoke. i cant be out my head like that
 imma legalize your homicide and murder marijuana
 222 bfast life cereal grapenuts.  smoke grilled cheese. 
 someone is casually walking across campus smoking weed with no fucks... buffstateprobs
 cause i remember ti dissed him n luda wanted no smoke it may have been after 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 @brasilmagic sounds like a great argument for legalization of marijuana to me. thanks  trent
 @eliselaurenne if you own your condo what would be the point of not being able to smoke
 the weed make me think better  it put me in a vibe
 todayssoup smoked tomato bisque  coconut red lentil dal  chorizo sweet potato kale. vegan 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 57985826 chinquapin parkway baltimore  send 
 swear the weed there gotta be fye . i cant even imagine
 man this dude got smoked 
 drops out of school to smoke weed for six months straight 
 @eliselaurenne i would go outside to smoke in my car which was away from everybody and got reported for suspicious activity
 even though weed is not drug but its considered medicine.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 303 south stricker street baltimore  send mes 
 they the best to smoke blunts with 
 junior year i got suspended because this bitch snitch when she got caught smellin like weed 
 fuckin with my nigga ill smoke a zip
 @daycalligraphy holy smokes.....
 the smell of weed in this train cart is unbelievable.
 major david bass retired speaks about the sb269 bill and why we need a medical marijuana bill 
 trynna smoke but homie here dont so rollin up in the car is like a felony. fuck
 hate breaking down weed... n dont like the grinder because it turn yo weed into shake
 ifiwonthepowerball  i make marijuana legal in  norfolk virginia  igetshigh 
 lafd working a high rise fire at 333 s grand in dtla   heavy smoke on the 43rd floor  5 additional task forces requested breakingnews
 the get back tape | yall dont want no smoke stayintune hvlm   @highvolumeshop @ high 
 ....... im not sure if youre saying this because my head is actually big  or cause you want the weed  but either 
 idk what part of i be high ppl dont understand.. i dont smoke mid so yes i forget irrelevant shit from time to time.
 i just wanna smoke a wood and slumpp
 every planet youre  breathing weed smoke and swimming in lakes of lean 
 was in seattle all of 5.2 seconds and i already smell weed. what did i expect.
 my room always smells like weed smh
 are you the wood  the smoke  or the flame will it matter when all thats left is ash 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 ohio sen. rob portmans office weeds out democrats  progressives from attending his political events 
 if you choose to smoke  your doc may refuse to operate   health tcot
 i need someone to chill amp smoke with thats all
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 are you there god  its me  preston.  please  if you make this happen. i wont smoke until the playoffs. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1703 guilford avenue baltimore 
 whats the best way to get weed out of your system
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive
 all cannabis use is medicinal.  
 trump this week more immigration raids  attacks on transgender  and threatened states that sell marijuana 
 @theferocity he will never get seattles weed. srlsy. these people are attached to it.
 im just tryna smoke all day and chill
 im always getting people sending me snaps of their weed  them smoking  edibles  etc. the stoner community is unmatched 
 @megstar73 @icecolddavis @pillboxz is the answer weed for me the answer is 212 glasses of sparkling wine.
 making a living in the legal marijuana market is hard. making a living as a drug dealer is easy.
 the latest justice may crack down on legalized marijuana  bernie millennials that switched to trump learn a lesson  
 but lets ignore alcohol and tabacco which cause thousands of deaths a year. thousands. marijuana in case youre wo 
 this mf trump tryna make weed illegal again in all those states smh
 @itsfoodpics our loaded fries smothered in cheddar  @usingerssausage  smoked bacon  carmelized onions  topped wit 
 of course trump is going after legal marijuana but like the failed muslim ban it will be defeated in court. dont worry stay high
 this turned out to be a timely @kgwnews investigation. same day white house addressed feds stance on marijuana. 
 some bitch on my snap posted a picture of her pregnant ass and the next one was of her smoking weed
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics 
 white house defers to states rights on transgender protections  but not on legalizing marijuana 
 will smoke a port out the hole in my neck
 good weed good dick im good
 breaking white house threatens marijuana crackdown  via @change
 @realdonaldtrump hope this is fake news about doj taking action against states that legalized recreational use of marijuana bad business
 who smoked more in the playing days  sheed or kg kgarea21
 rarely smoke cuz im on probation but i drink sometimes rt @drugsmedia 47. you smoke you drink
 jambalaya foodporn tastingmenu mardigras2017 @ the smoke daddy 
 tryna smoke a blunt
 if it wasnt for music n weed probably be in jail for murder or something rt now
 this guy in this taco bell drive through is asking where they get the cheese from ... i sweater god get your taco bell before you smoke
 @willpug when you watch  43m mark you realize how deeply sessions believes  good people dont smoke marijuana.
 i just want to be the weed on my bday bc its my day
 u remember when we both snuck out the house to go sit at habush lmao an smoke @dajohndontcare
 why yo mans rollin up weed stems. smh
 true life everyone here smokes cigarettes and i hate them.
 shots and marijuana will be the keys march4 jerseyshore 
 @dronerforever  sorry bro cant hear you behind all this smoke
 sometimes i wish i wasnt such a hard person to understand and be around. but it makes me thankful cause it weeds out the fakes amp the snakes
 im just tryna smoke a blunt and knock.
 let me get this straight. guns  good weed  bad
 the stigmatization of marijuana was conjured up by nixon guys in the 60s as an excuse to jail black radicals. weed has never been a problem.
 expect greater enforcement of marijuana laws under trump  spicer says  @joerogan   this mufucka is official crazy.
 rt | white house opens door to crackdown on recreational marijuana | 
 niggas be wanna roll upor smoke a black early in the morning... i be like hold up my nigga let me brush my teeth.
 spending money on marijuana n shit
 trump states should be able to make their own laws about trans bathroom use gp what about states regulating weed 
 i come home to my parents discussing their medical marijuana stocks.....what has life come to hahaha
 white house hints at enforcing marijuana law  
 you can  smoke a blunt 
 really really trying smoke one 
 what would yall rather smoke out of
 doctor do you smoke  @brandonccarr  smoke what..  
 silver tones make us swoon we are totally in love with this beautiful smokey silver that 
 who will benefit more off cannabis in 2017
 @ericspracklen @realdonaldtrump marijuana is not the issue but the speed  heroin  and crack coming over not pot
 need a friend i can text all day about everything and whos up late to answer my weird questions after i smoke 
 you cant kick it with me if you aint a hustler ... you cant smoke out with me   i heard you a buster 
 we got a 4 bedroom house  me and my mama say thats gonna our smoke room
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1104 west lombard street baltimore  send mess 
 the people voted @realdonaldtrump . you talk about giving the power to the people. leave recreational marijuana alone . the people voted.
 one time i smoked a blunt with @therealstylesp
 @dylandcarl the weed is all free   
 i hate it when people call weed  dope.
 @gopjenna im also thinking of writing them a letter concerning cannabis  how it can help people stop pain pills  etc. 
 by this time tomorrow i should be in a different state on some good cannabis
 need mo backwoods need mo weed
 @hoyclaaren we were paranoid to smoke a fuckin joint right there but she can do that i guess
 @fletcheraliyah @stonerchicc smoke sesh later 
 i need some weed in my system 
 @jonahnro weed may seem trivial until you fully comprehend that we are actually throwing people into prison for it.
 @realdonaldtrump @potus please respect the will of the voters in states that have legalized recreational marijuana.
 boo boo ass weed is still in rotation be careful 
 4some reason i feel like hemp2o and a lil bit henny or crown would be fire or a total waste of money
 have weed. but no pipe 
 i just wanna sex  smoke and vibes  baby
 i want weed goodnight
 found this in my grandparents  not sure if its spice or ganja... smells funny. should i smoke 
 @thomburger @collins18 @bretbaier @realdonaldtrump funny the only time i hear that anyone wants to legalize weed  is on tv.
 bouta smoke and go back to sleep
 blues music  sticky floors  strong whiskey and  smokey air thats what i need
 both yal is corny slime snake mafuccas. i see why ya relationship goin smooth. ya the same person. ya nigga is a whole hoe he ah get smoked
 real live smoked twice yesterday and almost died .
 only kinda weed men i deal with. 
 i have weed  money  and the house to myself all day but instead of throwing a party or whatever im buying 2 footlong subways and crying
 sean spicer really compared opioid addiction to recreation use of marijuana. what a fucking idiot.
 i love weed almost as much as i love trev
 lmao this funny bruh. i wish i could smoke with my mommy  
 know a lot of pot smokers im sure we all do.many are not politically engaged.hope that when trumpsterfire comes for their herb they wakeup
 @scottpaterno hey man  if you thought rolling back the aca is going to be tough  legal weed is entrenched. sessions does not know his foe.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now alittle more high in my smoke now
 @senjeffmerkley @thejusticedept @katyperry @zeldawilliams @sensanders each day passes it is just really shocking and i have to weed through
 @fmanjoo manjoos ganja has a nice ring to it...
 @mandimepower or i wish i could just smoke then work wouldnt be so bad
 i had a dream that the public library sold you weed as long as little children didnt see you purchase it. long sto 
 trump administration puts recreational marijuana in crosshairs  via @aliciawallace
 i just burped and smoke came out
 i should not be sore after weed eating and mowing...lol
 hoops update   maryland getting smoked on their home floor .... notmyterrapins
 my grandma gave me 100 before she passed away to buy pants but i bought weed instead  jalaj
 i just wanna smoke and sleep
 you dont want no smoke  
 i smoke so much the ashes startin to burn on me .
 hoppy crap this is tasty chocolatey  smokey but not much  warming  thick... blank face  photo
 now that is a texas word  time for enough smoked sirloin to choke a donkey vapelife vapefam mechmods 
 dont stress over me baby boy smoke dopeee
 wish i could just hit up another woman amp be like..wanna smoke i dont really feel like talking. thats the problem i have wmy 2 friends.
 need someone who got weed fast someone put me on
 closed due to serious fire in nassau on penninsula blvd eb between hempstead ave and before ocean ave traffic 
 bro everyone truly smokes out here kid
 trump is coming for your weed and your guns  trump maga makeamericagreatagain
 first try at javelina smoked jalapeo sticks and oh my god these 
 i like my bitches how i like my weed  all dimes no seeds 
 ive been waiting to smoke this fatass blunt i rolled but its fucking cold outside
 its funny talking to my parents about weed lol
 i dont have the urge to drink or smoke anymore 
 aye @djdanl @adrianasigala @cbgaara @yunghershey @erikthejetpack im across the street from andaz and it still smells like weed. 
 shower then smoke or smoke then shower 
 @tdub2lit i dont smoke omg 
 this some good as weed this shit makin me confess   gram 
 regrann from @jrdukes     hushmoney   regrann @ smokehouse beatsi made this for you 3ft 
 wrong. weed isnt the only the thing that makes me happy ampbuying something doesnt always make me feel better. 
 just wanna enjoy my weed
 @reptrentfranks stop the import of pinadas bet theres a nuke in it oh amp guacamole  you are a joke sir quit watching reefer madness
 youre such a mooch  go buy your own weed  food  and drinks and stop smoking  eating  drinking mine when im not here.
 bro i havent smoked in a week amp 2 days  
 my nigga reading the bible verses about weed to me on ft 
 heroine is deadly   marijuana not so much.  which drug do you think trump government will go after next 
 idk  which i hate more ppl who cant handle their liquor or their weed...
 we lost smokey and lil puppet in the rosin boi meme wars last night. rest in low temps bro fam 
 yall dont understand i need weed to go to class  i get a panic attack and stressed without it 
 poached eggs with smoked salmon tomato and asparagus on english muffin. nyclife brunch @ eat 
 and if i smoke this blunt then i might forget you
 person lets smoke me ok person gets to my house w papers u got the weed me 
 honored to finally meet and share a panel with hempsteads own shelley brazley  i can listen 
 my best friend smokey fw dolph so heavy lmfao
 @seanspicer attributing marijuana usage to the opioid epidemic is ludicrous. try the pharmaceutical companies  or do you have stock options
 uon want no smoke uon want no cancer 
 was busy today a batch of smoked boneless pork chops. smokedpork dinner 
 roll dis sticky up watch the smoke go up
 its been over 2 years since i smoked weed until last night  i was thinking how do i not have a girlfriend yet 
 @rondo @indianacolie man she dont want no real smoke with remy 
 ive heard about a lot of smoke around salazar on this topic  and it looks like now theres fire. 
 126 grams of weed amp 3 grams of oxy..... wyd... baltimore ravens safety matt elam arrested on drug charges  
 @jeffastier @kredo0 looks like smoke. looks like a cigarette. close enough. ban it. book him.
 a romaine salad bigger than my head brisket salad glutenfree bbq @ smokehouse 52 bbq 
 @kurtbusch @tonystewart @stewarthaasrcng woohoo kb41  smoke there you go buddy
 dude  how much pot did shaggy smoke he thinks his dog is talking and he always is hungry.
 i think im going to permanently smell like smoke but its ok
 i thought by paying a lot for a gym  it would weed out the riff raff  i was wrong  but i walk around naked  so no one wins lifetimefitness
 i dont smoke trees anymore so i live vicariously through my stoner friends
 perks amp weed everyday best feeling in the world
 netflix  weed ando chill.
 a dallas cop that moved to the denton area says he gets looked down on because he doesnt arrest kids who have small amounts of weed on them
 it was almost worth being smoked by the falcons just to beat the cowboys and this dude again lol 
 people ask if i wanna smoke. is that even a question
 me and @beffojoe just smoked on facetime together
   i got that jar from yo job in my hand right nowi put my weed in itbut man you cool asl funny asl. roll up when we touch ofn
 ive realized  im the go to person everybody sends their weed amp cat snaps too and im totally okay with it 
 i got traded weed and edibles for cookies i rly love my job yall
 i cant take the local weed man serious anymore 
 alcohol is better than weed dont @ me
 this my favorite time to smoke blunts  my mind be racing at night...
 @moniboyce holy smokes ... that place looks bobbybitchen     it means super awesome .. that pic i havent seen till now nice
 pulled up at the red light lil nigga was like water for 1 gatorade 2 got that smoke got that smoke lmaooo
 is my alaskan student here i dont see her. shes probably from los anchorage okay weeden
 @cnn @realdonaldtrump  how hard is it to be smart and shut the whole world up by decriminalization of cannabis  so you can get to your job
 sandwichoftheweek smoked kimchi pork loin  smoked gouda  pickled ginger  garlic  wasabi aioli  lettuce  tomato  
 no lie   i wanna smoke a blunt so bad lmbo .. its been way too long 
 i roll it up and i smoke it all 
 so he was almost out of weed 
 hell yeah for 833 in fines and a year probation for less than a gram of weed fuck new jersey trash ass state full of hill billys
 this elephant ate 3 marijuana plants. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 17001798 race street baltimore  
 weed so good i dont even wanna pass all i smoke i killa yo bitch look like thriller
 erie pa tonight   does anyone actually live here  send smoke signals 
 all these niggas amp bitches dont work or go to school dont even sell weed or hustle but u got money all over snap twitter amp instagram 
 spent the day exploring the smokey mountains. @ great smoky mountains national park 
 did i for real just leave my weed grinder in the car  the car that my mom is currently driving fml 
 guys please pray for me the tow truck guy saw our fest bands asked if we smoke and now hes smoking weed and driving us ...
 that after work smoke have you feeling so good you feel like you able to do 8 more hours of work but hell nah lol
 me amp my bf were fighting amp his mom comes in trying to help amp she goes well i love u guys be happy smoke pot 
 i dont have any friends its just me my weed and my money
 i just smoked a blunt wit the music becomes slow amp distorted the roads become pitch black leading to nowhere and i begin to feel anxious
 @katramsland excia director on trumps possible ties to russia theres a lot of smoke 
 he also told me hed bring me weed and tequila hahaha what is this
 high schoolers hitting me up asking if i need a plug for weed lolllll
 ion even care if they legalize weed ima still have that gas ...
 finna order smoke  order pizza amp wings then put a movie on
 dont go to college if youre gonna half ass it. just keep staying at home working your shitty job and smokin shitty weed.
 i love living in washington and having legal weed... but i cant get any of these pot shops to front me a sack
 wheres the girl that wants to party at clubs and smoke in the basement
 listen  if u talk about wanting to die faster on twitter but u dont smoke cigs  ur a poser.
 lets lay down together amp smoke some bowls
 watching alfred hitchcock on metv amp remembering when u could smoke amp eat amp drink free on planes
 nigga dont want no smoke dont want no starch  we put it on the hood before we put it on god
 i remember when i worked at mcdonalds with @fabiano100 and we would smoke that hoe out lmao
 so did sgp smoke pcp laced weed or what
 cause i wouldve been sleep if i smoked
 the dark strip under the clouds is actually smoke from the east something is on fiya fire morning commute 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 everyone gets to smoke during the arsonists except me and jill and thats not the feminismi fightfor
 @abathingmido if i see plaque in your teeth  aint no smoke for you lol
 married to marijuana  addicted to cigarettes
 all of my spring break money is going to weed  edibles  and gas lololol my life
 talking about marijuana in my sociology class 
 dope chill and smoke sesh with the guyz last night after a long okee weekend @muzzybearr @d1p3m @drakecambra oh and @funkmastermel 
 this weeks specials menu smoked corn beef burger 8 oz hand pressed burger with a mound of 
 rap scene is all smoke n mirrors  underground n mainstream  niggas dont live da lives u think
 was in the studio last night  smoke a wood today g @ryanxtaylor
 out of the weeds roasted tomato  as pizza sauce. yep morethandressing @luckysmarket @sproutsfm @winndixie 
 some yute getting tasered on the beach for smoking weed
 woke up smoked a blunt  cleaned. today was very productive so far
 then its yall dont smoke joes
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 always keep weed
 nah ill just play leaf green n smoke light green today.
 finally getting my peacock hair smoked off 
 the people who claim that weed is worse than alcohol have clearly never seen an alcoholic. 
 ciara son got his dick on her chest like future wont smoke russ just cuz
 one time my mom told me that i should try to quit smoking weed and i straight laughed in her face
 @epa please help montrose  mi from city council imposing a manufacturing center for cannabis within its very own city limits.
 anyone tryna smoke
 @shainalovesmke u see this wi assembly votes to legalize marijuana extract  
 is it bad my first reaction is  you couldve smoked that  
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   transportation
 girls who smoke cigarettes 
 actually until we hangout we should facetime smoke. one time i did that with maxx but he wanted to control what we 
 big guns like they on a deck of navy ship  you leave ya crib im smoking weed wit ya babysit  hit her raw then wipe my nut on the baby bib
 yes bethea got smoked last season. 
 i havent smoked in a week  wowowow
 @thenudequeen pop two xans  smoke a blunt or two. thats all you need
 cattail creek lamb  charred bruss  smoked onions  lime yogurt  spring greens  spices @ ned ludd 
 my weedman at homeltmy weedman at school lmao
 soo my parents left me home alone and i burned something and filled the house with smoke...my mom just asked if she was raising a 6 yo 
 ion smoke but this gif hella funny  
 im antibelmont. the crossisles pkwy and hemp tpke are already hell.this would this would increase the traffic in m 
 only smoke the best dgaf who got it cheaper
 just wanna smoke till i die
 if he drinks 40s and smoke newport longs bitch he dangerous  run sis before he jaw your ass just because 
 i couldnt even imagine paying 7.5 sales tax per dollar on weed for some fancy visual packaging
 @lucdaniels16 @complex @willhatem sorry butt i am not taking no weed up the ass
 park wherever i want  smoke wherever i want  buy whatever i want  hit her whenever i want.
 starboy views the life of pablo  smoke 
 dude just said he dont mess with weed but do coke.... what in the world my dude... your a waste of space fuck outta here 
 some1 smoke with me lol
 but living with los again made me just hop back into that bc all this nigga do is smoke 
 pot for pets owners treat sick animals with cannabis 
 got one foot on the gas its never a need for brakes smoke ezwiders with hash fuck bitches from outta state
 im teaching this welding class and all i wanna do is smoke a blunt lmao
 .@nhhouseofreps votes to decriminalize marijuana possession. next stop  @thenhsenate amp the corner office of @govchrissununu nh nhpolitics
 dont smoke cigarettes unless youre a scoria kids 39. leon 
 @dinkleingus @allhailmswantz make it even easier.. i craved a smoke i went for a run.. cant smoke when your outta breath and a great ass
 idea for a weed dispensary where you make ceramics glazin amp blazin
 why ppl be so secretive with they weed connects
 next up is a 4a quarterfinal between 4 seed dubuque  hempstead and 5 seed cedar rapids kennedy iahsbkb
 coming up on fox59 news at 4 the story of two brothers who allegedly smoked magic mushrooms and ran around an 
 internationalwomensday remember that the only cannabis plants we smoke are the female ones. cannabis marijuana 
 holy smokes  
 see our latest enon  oh job and click to apply class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated...  
 i keep errthang neutral i jus wanna smoke a leaf 
 @ripairbud420 maybe u should stop smoking so much weed then
 so im at work and the plummer sees the carpenter and says hes about to go smoke a bowl by the lake and didnt even invite us fuck him
 what would happen if you blew weed smoke into an ant hill 
 work @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 been 3 months since i smoked.. i dont like being high anymore. its a different feeling now. . thats shits for the birds
 this morning i woke up my mama looked at me and said   did you smoke last night  cause you look smoked out  
 you know youre in ca when ... you tell your driver that you work for a natural supplement company amp he assumes you sell marijuana. 
 @realdonaldtrump @randpaul dont replace it with bs government smoke and mirrors. thats why we support u. do the right thing
 that hypocrite smokes two packs a day
 paul ryan is all smoke and mirrors. he is way too slippery.
 holy smokes  what a day. new york city is incredible. i could get used to this ... 
 please  the producers of bkchatldn remove max and nunu from the show. theyre useless. i no know which kind igbo the 2 of them dey smoke.
 i smoke to keep me in high spirits    the universe knows i need it 
 i lost 18 pounds in 2 months just from smoking weed every day. 
 bruh yall gotta smoke and watch meet the blacks   this shit funny af  .
 @speakerryan repeal amp replace yourself. trump is about to explode and destroy the gop in a grand old puff of smoke. he finally got caught
 im just tryna shmoke some weed
 yall are really that lost with yourselves you selling weed off snapchat
 still waking up at 5 on my off day smh...i really really hate my work schedule guess ill smoke a blunt and watch a movie lbs
 @johnmorganesq 10 million of your own   simply for those who suffer im guessing you will profit big time  medical marijuana
 good morning kids im 79 dreadlocks and 21 weed 
 im just tryna smoke and chop it up over a game of uno
 @ipage2  why would smoking weed at thirteen blight your future not saying its a good thing  but there are worse activities.
 she say tre p yo weed stank i said ikr but say lil bitch ion think thats my weed bitch u really musty gtf out and stop playing with me 
 when michael takes off with the weed and money and now i gotta pay somehow 
 @wackyherbs @liftcannabis i beat metastasized stage 4 breast cancer  attribute this to medicinal cannabis oil. i was given 3 months to live.
 vasdef young man  get it snipped. youll still be wellequipped to lay the pipe  smoke the pipe  whatever it is  wo those meddling kids.
 yes i put my coke in a weed bag. aesthetic af
