 @johnswish1 sell weed
 cant sleep fuck it time to smoke sum more
  still in new weeds... been held up by a serious bout of bronchitis. anything helps. @gofundme helpme money
 youre not a true angst filled youth until you smoke at least 3 cigarettes a day
 uh a man can still do this n smoke me out tho sooooo 
 if you wanna smoke on something... you better have 20 or aint shit jumping
 found some weedz i forgot about. so i guess you could say tonight is pretty rad.
 the smoke from the lyrical blunt make me go ugh.
 then smoked like 8 blunts today
 i want da money da weed da good food and da real niggas dat wont turn and be 50... mainly weed doe  
 my weed has been delivered. i am satisfied.
 why drink and drive  when you can smoke and fly 
 need some weed 
 i fuck with ganja white night so much more after their okee set. that mixing was crazy  gotta see them again
 @patrickbruhh you dont smoke tho
 if you tryna smoke wit the kid you need at least 10 or jus come wit ya own shit and match...5 aint cutting it nomo my guy 
 you know whats great with weed...movies tonight showing talladeganights nochillwilf amp 
 lmao faded asf drinking cannabis infused lemonade with bae  we couldnt pick one so we got it all  
 this nigga smoke better be up man
 i just might smoke a whole quarter  ya ya
 and my  house the definition of alcoholism and weed addiction
 ok i tol mf i was sick as a bitch  the dopest dope you smoke gon get you a wiff theneverstory
 why do so many people think marijuana is a huge issue like its a plant dont preach at me tf
 i think the little log pusher boats are cute. its the plumes of black smoke from them that trouble me. 
 good no reason to fill jails with silly cannabis charges. 
 you can lead a horse to water but you cant make it smoke crystal meth.
 im the only weed smoker in my group of friends 
 toronto trends now emery  cannabis culture  regent park  pearson  king. 
 @therossowenshow @stephenwalters or is that smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 816 w lombard st  send message.
 @nteunews will nteu support h.r. 1227 ending federal marijuana prohibition act of 2017
 @colehuffman also until weed is legal if i still think it should be punishable. if its a law it should be punished if guilty
 what will be trumps effect on cannabis stocks  @equitiesinc @henrytruc @cannabisfn @vapium @convectium
 vote smokey  
 in a seemingly dramatic turn of events  dubois is getting a.... pot farm sounds like this plan could go up in smoke..
 i swear my life is so damn boring holy smokes
 kenzie just did weed math for 30 minutes
 just posted a photo @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  concord 
 @frankmir now we both know you dont want that smoke
 smoke smoke  @addiedunnington @downeydelaney
 japanese a5 wagyu  miso bordelaise  roasted maitake mushrooms  caramelized onions and smoked 
 we smoked so much the ashes startin to burn on me
 these mini cannabis pizzas can be enjoyed now  or make for great leftovers later 
 steam both sides of the lfreeze smoke rings and they hailsleet snow grind for the wealthwhole team diamonds is real
 i cant wait to smoke myself out   i love you 
 no one wants to deal with cigarette smoke in their face and people so drunk they interfere with the quality of a concert. js.
 can someone come smoke with me  i like having company
 just gunna roll this blunt and smoke it. fuck this
 i wanna smoke cause i got a lot on my mind but its so cold 
 i need to smoke everyday of my life to live on this planet
 you guys are wanna see a shortcut to feeling disgusted at yourself @ smokes poutinerie hollywood 
 finna smoke just cause 
 think ima make me amp trey a fire ass breakfast  its callin my name just like this weed in my pocket 
 i shouldve went to the weed man last night 
 dont forget to change those clocks this is a great time to check the batteries in your smoke 
 todays one month of being smoke free  this is the longest ive ever gone sober since i started smoking 5 years ago. damn never felt better
 just because you sell weed  doesnt mean you trappin 
 looking for anyone to smoke with opps included
  nawww he trippin we do got the best weed out here tho 
 so you can go smoke wit em huh  
 wv needs to legalize medical marijuana to help all these addicts smoking illegal marijuana transition to a healthier alternative...
 boy hit this weed c| it might calm you down
 add some music n weed well hell u no idea where i take u bc up
 the texans can also go after garett bolles ot from utah hes 65 but unlikely cause of hes health and some past issues with marijuana
 fr wanna smoke before i got to work b cuts gonna drag
 hey man shout out to all the companies that only drug test if u give them a reason to. u give responsible smokers a chance thank u.
 my house is the definition of alcohol amp weed addiction
 incense burning.. weed burning.. liquorwine sipping.. its a good saturday.
 this year is the year ive smoked the most blunts and its only march lets go 
 cool ahh smoker if he not at work he gassin glo is in its prime  nonchalant af cheap as hell even though he got 
 im at my grandparents house upstairs rolling up weed hiding like they cant smell this shit trough out the house .... lol
 time change tonight dont forget to change the battery in your smoke detector
 slow blues  the bartender takes a smoke break senryu
 looks like smoked pork on the menu for sunday lunch go cats secmbb bbn
 good time to check your smoke alarms tomorrow as you set your clocks ahead. recommend 
 inglewood niggas for real blast dre amp snoop amp smoke loud at the bbq.
 someone smoke me out 
 ill just smoke and watch movies.
 my family is discussing the dangers of marijuana at the dinner table and i have to nod along like i wasnt stoned last night
 not a full brown bike yet...he fell on the marijuana haha livepd
 i hate people who smoke by the gas station like yo god wait til i leave for the fuccery
 i just need to smoke
 2 gs sitting in my purse crying cause i aint smoked them yet
 just been staying at home creating..smoking weed amp saving money
 time is an ocean  not a garden hose. space is a puff of smoke  a wisp of cloud.
 dont wanna smoke by myself   but fuck it 
 i just need marijuana to be fully legalized so i can go to the store and get a pack of joints instead of those gross tar ass bullshit cigs
 i got some fritos  frozen pizza and a bag of weed for the pink fat bitch 
 hell fuck weed
 i dont think ill ever tell my mom i smoke 
 you dont want smoke with my gang
  shout out the my weedman 
 new footage of michael brown selling weed and @cnn wants to blame it on police again....3 years later. beatthedeadhorse bluelivesmatter
 if you wanna go and get high with me   smoke a l in the back of the benz e oh why do i feel this way ayeee must be the 
 @peterzonn @mgfinns i only smoke american spirits in the yellow pack
 im proud  passed up weed all day. dont have to smoke even if your around it 247 
 dick weed 
 aint even smoke all the weed n something went missing smh
 idk bout the cheap w weed part  but cheap w food im wit it 
 @chuckwoolery true dat... weed them out and send them to them back to the farm.
 im not a smoker  im not even bouta smoke anymore. im salty asf i fucked my pee up 
 greys anatomy  shameless  orange is the new black  wentworth  prison break  scream the series  house amp weeds 
 im trying smoke and lay up 247
 this girl has smoked weed once and cant inhale yet this is the product 
 i know i tweeted about my exs being smoked out lol all of em are but her and one other
 drinking a smoked serrano stout by @pairodicebrew at @pairodicebrew  
 my mom just brought me dinner to work and made weed cookies and brought me 3. nice surprise mom
 my manz is probably coming over tomorrow and hes bringing weed and im really excited 
 got smoked
 why does my neighborhood smell like marijuana  when marijuana is clearly illegal 
 posted up on da cona movin dat marijuana 
 no but really tho cause my tolerance level for weed is ass. i need to smoke a good amount to get high now  a blunt wont do the job
 all i want is two fat bitches and a bag of weed and two bags of chips to give to the fat bitches
 i want to smoke rn  ihm
 really just trynna smoke n go to bed  gotta put this boy down first
 medication  conversation  and a little marijuana
 idgaf i swear i want all the smoke 
 ima watch iron giant 1999 and smoke this blunt
 i should breathe out more oxygen than smoke 
 grandma you cant fool me  i know you guys smoke cannabis at home. me nah
 rodrigos family had a weed party. i am jealous
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 happy monday from weed man bucks county we hope you had a great weekend happymonday weekend 
 @tacososcar making those smoked chicken and schmaltzy onion tamales for dinner tomorrow 
 i smoke alone 95 of the time because mfs make me anxious. not just people i dont like. my own niggas.  itsnotyouitsme lol
 im hungry... i need food  weed and gas... gotta get up...
 i havent smoked a cigarette in so fucking  long but damn one sounds so good.
 i swear im a marijuana demon
 fuck it just smoke weed and chill
 troy rolled me 2 ls so i can smoke while hes at work bcus my nails got me all disconbobulated rn lol
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1244 north broadway baltimore  
 really wanna smoke an lay up with somebody son 
 you smoke but cant roll .. how that work 
 all i wanna do is smoke
 just lame cause ppl the weed smokers are all lazy and bums like naw g thats your  choice
 i need someone who likes to smoke then go adventure after
 theres really no weed in chicago without going thru 1 or 2 other people
 just announced stoner rock  doom metal legends weedeater  the obsessed official will headline the regent 51  ti 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend 
 for the first time in 14 years as a home owner  i successfully changed the battery in a smoke alarm. scoreboard  bitches
 i got on the bus and the driver was like ooo girl youre loud youre gonna have me smellin like weed 
 come smoke hookah with me while i straighten my hair
 well who got weed on the sw side of houston
 hate when smoke get in my nose
 wheres this snow at im just tryna smoke in bed with flurries out my window.
 anthony deadass facetimed us because he wanted to watch us smoke 
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking 
 mypirateorshipname @mseric s ships name would be the ss cannabis 
 my sister i found 20 me cool my sister nice now i can by weed  bet
 when you drive up to chill hill to smoke but theres 2 cops up there and everyone sketches out 
 medical marijuana can help us build it back up here in braddock.  lets go full colorado next.  
 alls im saying is where theres smoke... russia trump putinspuppet treason russiagate steeledossier 
 proud that i actually dont smoke cigarettes anymore.
 i need to smoke im keep saying that shit till it happens
 anyone who ask a political organization if they can smoke a joint and how to talk deserves to go to jail 
 i cant stand cigarette smoke.
 the good one smokersone of the best kept secrets in barbecue.  via @wordpressdotcom 
 no wonder the government hates weed  i would too if it looked like that shit. 
 this. this right here is why im ok with trump  even though i didnt vote for him. ignore the weeds of social issue 
 me n smokey hoppin on the road pray for us
 when your mom thinks youre smoking weed on your snap story  chilldownma 
 fuck  weed i smoke these niggas 
 thinking about how fuckin stupid i looked while trying to smoke this shit 
 how are mirrors real if our eyes arent real jaden pot smoke philosopher eye quint bad actor smith
 i no longer smoke weed  dont care for it anymore  havent smoked in 2 days lol.
 niggas smoke sum weed and touch a gun and think the gangsta. smh
 @johnston985 as youre my go to smoke guy  what recipe did you use for the brisket. doing 2lbs of red for st. pats  plus 4 grey boiled.
 how many damn coincidences does it take for don john supporters to see hes chest deep in russias back pocket follow the smoke maddow
 jalapeo smokehouse almonds r sooooooo good
 was hoping to get some weed before i fell asleep but the person i wanna get weed from is at a wedding 
 i need to fuckin smoke
 get you smoked for little amount
 why kids be getting mad over cod lmao i did not throw emps nor smokes
 my grinder exploded and i found a lil piece of weed in my scab 
 who trynna smoke
 i feel real close to death right now i hate losing friends and i cant smoke to my full potential because my backwood skills are low 
 now i just wanna smoke weed and raise cats lmao
 ima smoke one for all yall godamn yall need jesus i pray for all yall every night one love
 grey go smoke this dutch . 
 whoever scoops me today to get zaxbys ill pay for your meal and smoke a joint with you
 trump about to begin a nuclear response against n korea just as a personal smokescreen. read the resy on 
 im disgusted every time i think about when i smoked cigarettes.
 know yourself to be a successful entrepreneur find and weed out your weaknesses. join @stepuptf for a firesidechat
 the wv house introduces a bill that would legalize marijuana giving it similar regulations to alcohol. more tonight on 59news marijuana
 ay @wizkhalifa would you smoke this  
 president ross participating on browsed days medical marijuana panel @browardleague @flcities @coopercitygov 
 @spacelandpromo inbox for a free copy of this song when the smoke clears  money new track on soundcloud now 
 need someone to smoke these cookies with.
 if we get rid if marijuana completely  who the fuck is going to buy the cookies he makes in that little elf tree of 
 why are people so stupid about my bebdaddy @snoopdogg  all over this trump shit no ones dying from smoking weed 
 all my bitch gotta do is count my money count my zans weight the weed roll my blunts and give me head is that asking for to much no
 smoke weed without eating 
 it really bothers me that alchohol is more socially accepted than marijuana. you cant compare the two. its fucked
 cook crack or smoke crack 
 fuck yeah he altered a smokehouse. 
 last night i smoked a bowl and spent two hours remodeling my tinder profile
 i dont even think weed will make me feel better at this point
 someone donates half a bucket of weed and you call cnn.... some of yall really stupid lmao 
 just got described as he works  but he smokes a lot so things are going well.
 @michellcclark y the right one look like smokey from the pjs 
 i needa smoke buddy
 i have this sinking suspicion that josue secretly smokes cigarettes
 they say you cant die off weed  but when i stopped smoking for a month and started back i thought i was gon dieeee 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 idk how some people smoke cigarettes after the gym its stupid af
 we deadass just smoked a blunt in the movies
 my two front teeth are so long that sometimes when i blow smoke out of my mouth it goes in two different directions
 @yungcoke i havent smoked in a week  maybe you right
 cant wait to smoke later on
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight  copy  
 i wonder if some people on my snap do anything with their life other then smoke weed 
 @porinju china worried dude  i like to smoke what u r smoking
 if your lungs are strong enough to smoke personal backwoods on a regular youre a mutant
 dont think cuz you cute you can smoke for free ... not
 come smoke me out ass hoes
 i swear yo its seem everytime im smoking weed at home i gotta take a shit
 him dont smoke indoors i smelled cigarettes last night me i dont smoke at all. indoors or outdoors.  him this is a remind.  me 
 almost got into 3 wrecks omw to the weedman 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 vrs..a straight lie them ghost of the past toldinfact i admit my addictions drugs aint it tho i smoke weed use to do cocaine but its been
 guess ill smoke a keif bowl...
 well my bf dont smoke.  
 a rabbi  a priest and a gay atheist smoke weed together. this is what happened 
 the first big boo from the crowd just came after manchin said marijuana is a gateway drug which most drug addicts start using first.
 done smoking weed until i save up this money .mindovermatter 
 q4 attainers dinner time @ green street smoked meats in chicago  il 
 @rezaaslan @jackobrien 7th day adventists will spread like wildfire in years to come. take that to your bookie and smoke it.
 i wanna smoke one with you and drink this honey jack daniels
 anyone wanna smoke some fire with me
 someone bring me a blunt  lets smoke
 omg i wonder if you could really get high if you smoked the joint out of your pussy
 not even on some sexual shit  someone should stay the night and bring me food  ill smoke us up.
 kids pull out weed in communal hot tub @jasonwigginton  smells like skunk
 its around that time when dan and i would smoke and just talk all night lol damn baby the get back going to be real when you touchdown 
 outside is cold . amp i dont feel like walking too my brother car too smoke  so ill wait till 111130 before school 
 if you coming to a session this how i expect the weed to hit me  
 just because weed is legalized in washington and oregon doesnt mean there has to be pot holes everywhere i drive
 i miss weed i aint smoked since monday 
 @mannydoesit2x real niggas smoke crack bro  me and dakota ahead of yall
 @theoldmill4 @mcarusocabrera @saraeisen @kaylatausche @cnbcclosingbell has 310 miles to go to get his stuff in middleport. kt smokes
 @pgh311 weeds growing everywhere and the concrete is crumbling
 you are what you smoke man
 right the only thing that get smoked in my car is my dick 
 i remember me and khari would smoke whole 8th before school.. all joints
 on god you can smoke all day  
 my weed sell itself honestly 
 remember weeding day  eve and blessings from parents   siblings and friends   relatives that day . god bless you al 
 somebody bring me some weed
 linking to smoke and handle business 
 to those of yall smoking weed in africa rn  i smell you 
 now that i got this new set of tires  im finna smoke anybody that wanna see my taillights for a quarter mile
 @canaryburgundy @nintendocashbox uh weedconan420 im gonna need you to up your dps dicks per second  or gonna kick you from this raid
 the industry  after all  was an early supporter of disruption  having created the smoke break.  
 this boy suppose to be a weed man but always got some going on 
 i actually had a similar experience  with my husband and daughter. it was very informative. the marijuana store 
 trumps lies r a smoke screen from his russian hacking ties money laundering  ethic violations  nondivesting amp his fears of impeachment  sad
 im at legal weed in ellensburg  wa 
 i wanna have a chill night   smoke amp watch beauty amp the beast
 drinking a smoke amp dagger w sour pumpkin by @jacksabby @ grandview  
 i guess its perfect time to take a t break since i got my wisdom teeth out  cant really smoke anyway
 gramfam smoke party no reggie allowed  dm me or @ogbladejohnson for location 
 @prems his mother probably drand amp smoked dope while she was pregnant with him  brain damaged  fas cause  hes not normal
 isaiah think he finna smoke this black amp mild in my car..  no bueno.
 first blunt i smoke again is gonna be a fattt assss backwood
 strawhatsighting feeling kinda lucky too ratio 5 to 1  happy st. patricks day  @ otl smoke 
 watching leprechaun in the hood. a friend with weed is a friend indeed  the leprechaun i dont smoke weed like that by the way. 
 no corned beef amp cabbage here simulated one of my favorite irish meals smoked salmon  brown 
 there was irish white folk  hype beasts  soundcloud rappers  amp everything in between  amp all i learned is that weed 
 holy shit i need to smoke rn i havent since wednesday and im dying
 medical marijuana amp animalshbo.  amazing way to end my friday night. 
 time 222 smoke. 
 quit taking my weed  nick
 im 50 sea  50 weed
 first time i smoked weed i remember thinking about how funny the idea of installing a new fish washer instead of a new dishwasher would be
 up in smoke clinton ally morell says smoke  but no fire. no evidence of a russiantrump collusion to interfere in 
 gave smoke the game on the hockey... now he eating too..  
 tack smokes a double in the right center gap to make it 124 marshall. shes 3 for 3 with 3 rbi  a hr shy of the cycle.
 i swear i always smoke before i even eat anything 
 i dont smoke but yea 
 dont sell weed cuz bitch i smoke it. i sell crack  webbie
 i dont trust people who 1. dont smoke weed amp 2. get soft tacos at taco bell
 i dont see why if for 3 months or 4 president wants a travel ban to weed out bad people  then let back in goodpeople he chooses abigdeal
 side note i havent smoked in 2 days and my mood swings reflect it
 i used to smoke the blunt till it burnt my fingers
 whos tryna smoke a blunt and watch sunset tomorrow
 morelifealbumlisteningparty  now playing  morelife  track 01 free smoke
 free smoke
 just let me listen to free smoke again
 free smoke ... morelife
 @westsideallure thank ya  im tryin lol. just needa find some of this bay weed everybody hypin up and ill be solid
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 im so fuckin high off this weed treat 
 my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction
 and to be smoked out before amp after those back shots. 
 if were working a shift together amp i buy weed ill smoke you out. but unless you put  in or can match whats in the blunt dont ask if you
 ive said this once and ill say it again. @boi1da is the greatest producer ever. from forever to free smoke. thank you legend 
 mixtape trust justin  benefits of da drought hosted by dj smoke @jvdoesit @djsmokemixtapes @spinrilla  
 feels good to relax in bed and smoke a fat one 
 for something entirely unrelated  marijuana possession  that these video tapes were found. chuckberry is being honored today for his 3
 yes  im wearing weed socks under these kneehighs...
 honestly wanna smoke so bad but cant let that mess with my health rn   endurance wise   cause im trynna ride fast
 @liamg2k15 @sasxsh4dowz @therazorededge @esportsgears @stdxjmotionz you can see those skins through smoke...they are still awesome but...
 @brushurteeth03 haha. try weed brownies first.
 need smoke in la
 free smoke free smoke aye
 @vp @ american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 isabella has shitty weed i needa leave
 i want what she smokes  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 935 n woodyear st  dirty yard. 
 i need more friends to smoke with
 where is the drake album that free smoke belongs on such a good track and then.....the rest of the album happens.
 for a second i thought i was back in seattle. driving on division and a huge whiff of marijuana punched my nostrils
 julia said when she was 15 she made pot brownies but she thought you simply grinded the weed and tossed it in the mix 
  damn right at the very least my forever will have to cannabis gtgt its in all aspects of my life  
 @mmesanfran2 thats funny . help marijuana and trump in one sentence.hahaha
 what part dont you understand legalize  or marijuana
 free smoke
 she smiled with all the delight of a kid on christmas morning and said  yall smoke to enjoy it. i smoke to die. 
 @bridgetteanjax where my weed
 beware this demon bring shame to stupidity like i bring honor to smoking weed every day  oh snap lol logic truth reason atheism
 where there is smoke.....   ubers president is leaving the company after 6 months 
 just finished eating. time to smoke and watch golden girls til i fall asleep..
 im at that point its time to smoke a joint 
 there might be some weed in this blunt
 dexter the office limitless weeds prison break 
 lmaoooo  damn. weed 
 smoking some bomb ass weed  fucking all my exes and crushes  partying and asking for forgiveness on my last day 
 gas is too expensive to smoke
 just trynna smoke amp sleep
 @stephenswsj @jamescomey1 @devinnunes @repadamschiff either its smoke amp fire or smoke amp mirrors no mess in betwee 
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 when one of my friends tells me theyre gonna quit smoking weed 
 .@carriehodousek @shaunajwv today public hearing on abortion bill  medical marijuana bill now brewing in senate  f 
 check out our new smoked fish salad today at unionstationdc  dcfoodtruck dcfoodporn dceats dclunch 
 i just wanna fuck i just wanna smoke my blunt
 @readybroward to all my broward neighbors if you like bbq you have to try out smoke bbq a1a and oakland blvd. awesome bbq
 let me get to the point  and lets smoke this joint and turn the radio loud.
 im at two js smokehouse in palmyra  va 
 lol i bet you still smoke blacks 
 dagwood day smoked beef  smoked bacon  salami on tuscan with blue cheese  caramelized onion  avocado amp greens numefood
 you tweet you dont care about drugs but youre the same girl who said she cant wait to smoke a blunt once you were done being pregnant lol
 only if the kid already smokes and even then theyre not obligated to but it would be nice 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2101 wilhelm street baltimore  send message. 
 donny throws more smoke... 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 849 reinhart st  garbage dumping i 
 im just ready to get off work and smoke this blunt amp just forget about everything for a while
 my mind is my greatest strength  i feel its nothing i cant do.  smoking weed is my weakness because it makes me l 
 79 hot dogs short of my goal great weekend in chi @ old crow smokehouse 
 ibmcloud helping the nacb pioneer a legitimate business environment for the cannabis industry at ibminterconnect 
 not having any weed sucks  i just want to smokeeee 
 bogo 50 off incredibles affogato bars packed with 100mg of concentrated cannabis oil leaving you feeling fully s 
 why they just spell smoke out like that  
 you r on fire tonite about russia. how much smoke needed before the fire is seen
 i have always been against rodeos... but bonner bolton has me feeling some type of way.  @dancingabc holy smokeshow
 this coughing i have  sounds like a smokers cough @louiebigalow
 @euclidjade sometimes i want to have a cool car out in the parking lot at work so i can go sit on the hood and smoke.
 dont let the smoke n mirrors fool u
 um our neighbor just caught me and mik smoking weed and all i hope is they arent a snitch
 we make wing flavors rappers rap about.  really wingstop rick ross is a franchisee. dont blow smoke up my ass.
 wish i knew people here so i wouldnt have to smokedrink alone .
 we just met @japanesehouseph and smoked a cig together and matt got a pic and i didnt n im so confused why i missed that opportunity butok
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @joenoprivacy bloodcurdling chanting is a smokescreen. we need bloodsplattering.
 i been lowkey as ever. the only time you a see me is walking to grab my smokes .
 i just told my parents i smoked for the first time......
 im wit all the smoke
 who wants to smoke
 oomf said im too pretty to smoke  it melted my heart but i told him  its no such thing.
 the dems didnt respond to smoke re russia. they made the story up out of thin air and pieced the narrative togeth 
 i would save so much money if i stopped smoking weed... 
 @drmartyfox  comey  another corrupt person god help america we pray  u will weed america from all corruption n the name of your son jesus
 ya mcm skipped out on gettin his oil changed to buy 2 grams of weed
 perfect day to stay in smoke blunts and play ps2 games im out.
 i smoke way too much to try to remember shit
 your mcms favorite song on more life must be free smoke cause thats all he asks for 
 1 month from today may the weedlympics commence
 let me stop slandering qbs tho cause mines is currently tom savage and behind him is brandon weeden
 yo if emily real deal smoke me out  g.o.a.t
 hate it when i follow puppy accounts and they retweet tweets about weed and sex lmao
 yes sis he aint shit bet he leasing a 2014 nissan juke and smoke a blunt every day his nut prolly taste like broke 
 who want smoke  
 free smoke free smoke
 @lionhearted1996 weed
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 @sharonrosey98  everytime i smoke with you i always end up crying while listening to usher  
 kissing my baby back ribs w some jack daniels smoke.... @ renes smokehouse 
 @kfor where is all of the smoke coming from
 quick how should i waste the last of mu weed
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 going to smoke my medicine  
 whats a bad random song to hear when youre buying weed in a sketchy neighborhood i say mary j blige   im going down
 centurion nice smoke @ the 219 restaurant 
 chris common just picked the god squad in these 8s. im bout to smoke young @gewnzi. 
 @therealmrb @sisyphusingp i dont either  but there sure seems to be a lot of smoke.  id be surprised if there wasnt any fire...
  you my nigga smoke summm
 fake weed harder to track  @erinnichols reports @news4sa @dariantrotter
 free smoke free smoke
 wish i had friends here  im tryna get some ice cream amp smoke a blunt lmao
 who wants to smoke weed and then lay in bed and tell me how fuckin cool i am
 late night smoke
 i just need to smoke something
 but you can get served 5 to 10 years for possession of marijuana. out justice system is full of  
 really the bay aint had one down fall from legalizing weed yet.......prison system just trying to make money feds to
 free smoke free smoke
 @jammmyjam lmaoooo bitch thank u smoke w me soon
 beyond excited to see how well this cannabis treatment works on me. cbd endometriosis
 i realized i grew up when getting rooms to smoke amp drink became boring to me. i can do that at the house for free 
 if she smokes in the car she dont give a fuck about life.... 
 my blunts can blow smoke rings all by themselves.
 bumpin these tunes for the smokers while they freeze cause lauren amp i are on our 10 min and i told her shes gotta 
 thanks eaterpdx happyhour @ smokehouse tavern 
 need to smoke
 whomst trying to smoketh
 flatirons at sunrise and smoke from the sunshine fire  boulder colorado flatirons sunrise @ 
 first thing i had to do was cop a zip texas weed is trash
 my blackstarbeardoil came frankincense  sage  and bergamot with orange hemp shea goats milk 
 hops and grain start quickly topped my smokey malt  and finish... smoked imperial pilsner  photo
 @jaclynhill purple smokey 
 drink more water  smoke more weed amp cigarettes
 amp she smokes. i didnt know that lol she wants to come over amp smoke wit meamp her 2 younger sisters smokewe def. gotta have a session
 beat a few bitches ass back in the day dont nobody be wanting smoke now tho   i be sitting pretty  
 finna smoke grams wit my mans
 @touteparpillee yup. lots of smoke all around
 smoke weed in a tub
 forgot about this disc. its a gateway 178 midrangedriver hemp disc. discgolf phish disc 
 i havent smoked 1 blunt all day.
 sometimes i just be wanting somebody to smoke w 
 finna smoke this good weed
 || | smoke crack   | | every day.         | ||  ||   ||    
 but patrick  theres no way spike could have that kind of cardio given how much he smokes i dont care yes  someone said this to me once
 i need to smoke
 max wells come thru real suave smokin a cone blowin smoke mid laugh from a joke my girl jus whispered shhh
 girls who smoke hella cigs
 weve been open for 20 minutes and ive already had to shout sir you cant smoke that in here 4 times. please let today end.
 put a wall around the whitehouse amp smoke the rubles dazed traitors out.  @fbi take advice 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 .@ladaoffice   our police are aware of penalty  @orthogrow to pull a grotesque weed in search of amp at the root.  @911lapd @nypd911dispatch
 @thefakemimi these bitches barely can inhale smoke  i doubt its beer lol
 spoiled ass  got the weed an the cash 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 lmao i told @aysozero not to od on weed
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 301399 south bruce street baltimore  send me 
 h3165 new regulating oui penalties for marijuana 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation wytheville  va
 to kill the secondhand smokers cough
 whasnts weed in this box 
 i swear everyone that sells weed in saint paul uses the bus  loud af
 addicted to smoke 
 my tolerance to weed is 100 dependent on my budget for it
 finished yesterdays mural at jts smokehouse opening soon in league city  tx before horns 
 some better tasting weed that youll ever taste or see
 if you have weed from the west coast youre legally required to smoke it at 720pm
 i wanna smoke with oomf 
 if i smoke tn will that be in my blood tm  needa know cause i gotta go the hospital 
 the radar accusation that you are also taking cannabis drugs that are legal in the state of california is equally disturbing.
 damn great one from nh. smells like weed and tastes like... stardust to stardust dipa  photo
 im on this train so hard. its cannabis. not marijuana  pot or weed. cannabis 
 all i wanna do is finally get my bff to smoke for the first time ever  pllllllzzzz 
 more pastabyhand this weekcavatelli asparagus housemade smoked bacon cremefraiche garden 
 bryan amp i smoked last night and havent seen bryans phone since  and we went to walk around and found it sitting on someone ac in the complex
 also i find it v weird that i havent smoked weed since i moved to the land of weed  wtf
 kinda messed up how i have to smoke amp take a shot or two to feel calm..
 who tryna smoke some blunts and go watch it the new power rangers
 @zombiegalactus staunch republican ex intell putin hating mofos. on a mission to smoke every russian lovin official out of their holes.
 i dont trust weed man that bags there weed up in lil nicdime baggies. fuck outta here with that elementary bs. 
 holy smokes
 i walked into the dorms and i immediately smelled weed
 lets hope im not dying tonight bc my smoke alarms just went off  for five minutes then stopped
 if you dont eat before you smoke youre special ed
 you tell a drake fan kendrick will smoke him they say well he smoked meek. great comparison
 ik its early but who wanna smoke
 wanna smoke but i really dont want to fuck with my throat at all rn
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 3006 edmondson ave  bulk dumped in 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation terrehaute  in
 nope. not under oath  chaired by nunes. im expecting smoke screen like nunes stunt the other day. see  theres no 
 black children are our future  while white kids are getting high off trash smoke   fixed that for you 
 if i aint smoked im an asshole  thats just how it be
 bruh idk what youre smoking but it definitely aint weed or tobacco 
 does anyone have a ticket for sale for the smokers club 420 show in santa ana
 anyone by hope any to smoke 
 broke niggas always want a smoke out
 do you really want smoke with   
 midwest kansas runners please give @swornin weed
 also pepsi trumps coke. put that in your pipe amp smoke it. 
 smells weed
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 i thanks god weed is cheap in cali lol. i literally cop a o every 3 or 4 days.
 smell that marijuana smoke ina air 
 @winterkitten how many marijuanas did you take
 free smoke free smoke
 kangaroo  with sweet and smokey bacon amp chiptle aioli sauce  sweet poatoe  amp lucky charms shake  
 all my roommate and i do on our days off is smoke  and watch cartoons together.
 you wont catch me smoking cigarettes. that shit tastes bad  smells bad  and literally has no benefits. ill stick to cannabis. 
 dont wanna date a guy that is more insecure than a girl  and can smoke weed amp fuck with little girls. 
 told my bitch shut up  she say i smoke too much
 sip amp smoke 
 @600breezy x free smoke  too fire
 he smokes in his house so clearly hes trash.  
 just need someone whos down to come cuddle up w me in bed and smoke blunts till we pass out
 after you smoke  amp after sex 
 i havent bought weed in 3 weeks. who am i
 @dariellahdz happy birthday lil smoke dawg i luhhh you
 yo in xmen mad innocent bystanders be getting smoked 
 cali weed   
 really just want to smoke
 booker is klay before klay tried weed for the 1st time 
 nigga i gotta smoke to march maddness now
 theres always these two girls sitting here smoking weed when im patrolling. faithfully. amp i dont say shit to em lol
 i want to smoke out of a dope ass bong and just go to slee
 who tryna come over and smoke a joint in my room and watch movies 
 its crazy how many cigarettes i smoke when im with my parents 
 smoke weed count stacks get fly take trips
 i was looking into getting a medical marijuana card but looking at this list idk if i would qualify
 idgaf imma smoke dope if i really really wanna
 it feel good not to smoke these cigarettes 
 in need of a gf who wants to get in shape with me amp preferably wanna smoke at the same time hahaha hmu
 4 o clock just needs to hurry so i can go home  smoke n drink myself into my casket
 holy smokes what an honor   as usual  i am counting my lucky stars and thrilled just to be nominated.  
 i am going to start a marijuana commune were people can come to a cool state and get help leave those backward redneck states behind
 reading about dwarves makes drinking forgeworks  a smoked porter  a no brainer. @ the beer 
 i always end up smoking with the people i tell i dont smoke 
 2 things i hate..... trash ass weed and the water touching my ass when i drop another one.
 10 times outta 10 i smoked something not to long before we link up
 parked in this trash corner waiting for pedro to finish buying weed 
 this nigga will deadass put his weed over his blood lol   dudes outtttta there 
 got called a low life druggie  but i make 100k a year from a successful career amp i dont even smoke weed almost died from laughing so hard
 go leafs go tmltalk at @rallysportsbar  smokehouse in toronto  on 
 i smoke some weed from cali thought that i can fly nigga  @mistacain
 naw this was my generation forsure. i aint want no smoke with these type bitches. 
 it stinks of weed again
 hot fire hot honey buttermilk fried chicken  on a made milk bun w smoked bacon  whipped cream 
 amp to top that off i wanna smoke but my throat is sore and the line at zaxbys is taking 5 ever
 love marijuana smoke daily 
 funny how against weed i was 
 willys weed  fireee lol
 aint nobody want smoke with kendrick.
 my moms really just found my weed capsule.. oh well  now i can be high in peace
 my dad do you have enough beer for tomorrow do you want a bottle  are you guys gunna be smoking reefer 
 god is so great. 7 to smoke aint no joke burping out my dinner during my last few rounds  . i 
 who tryna match just took the trash out of my kitchen tryna smoke some hmu 
 if the world ends tomorrow would you smoke with me
 @rickygervais so wait  those who smoke some weed are potheads but its ok to drink a 12 pack of beer...then drive. super.
 you know what i need one more grocery store brand of smokes like youre a goddamn princess. nothing says tramp louder. i am easy.
 literally woke up joey to smoke cuz i was bored.
 ive become best friends with a 63 year old smoker named renee. course i had to lie and tell her i also called soda pop...
 as a fellow golf addict  we hate going in the weeds and we brag about our game. lie about our results. blame golf. 
 im almost at school i cant wait to see who actually wants smoke  yall use that term to loosely
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 niggas will buy a dub of weed before they buy a 20 beat amp thats why this rap shit makes no sense to me sometimes
 i will never smoke in the sun that shit is pointless
 team gambit smoked the media competition in the pedal with purpose race for yep. john georges owes me a gyro
 ill be online in a few minutes gonna go smoke a death stick and then ill be on chaturbate  hope to see ya there
 goldmedal winner @ the canadian beer awards @coalharbrew smoke amp mirrors is now in the bigbeerfridge @ 
 im caughing so much now  i cant take any more smoke  please get this investigation over with and these crooks ou 
 little bit of cream  little bit of smoke  little bit of bitter. a nice pub... coventry cream ale 
 listen to busy signal  smoke weed again by reggaecloud np on soundcloud 
 im going to smoke a cigarette eat some vegan sausage go get the oil changed on the car go to petsmart and then do some laundry.
 my dog just ate a nug of weed is she gonna die
 till that ass get smoked 
 already smoked the most fire of fire herb already  i think its time to hang my lungs up 
 i miss ya but watch me smoke this blunt and forget ya
 why is it that if you smoke you get multiple smoke breaks at work  compared to the zero you get if you dont
 whats your favorite way to smoke
 im ranting excessively for a sunday night. time to smoke a j and chill the f out
 im ready smoke this black in here doe tonight it feel a lil nippy out.
 i might miss you  but watch me smoke this blunt and forget about ya .
 mexican phrase of the day low ice  pancho smoked some green so now he has low ice
 today was a simple and well deserved day of housework and weed pulling. ive been going at it 
 i wish nc would make weed legal so i can stop having carpal tunnel pains everyday all day.. and trust me ive tried other things.
 really need to smoke me on right now 
 really wanna smoke a blunt but my throat is in v bad condition 
 we get it  you smoke
 if you are a weed head chick  a man that doesnt smoke weed isnt gonna want you
 we aint never running outta weed might as well gone and roll it.
 cant wait to wake up and smoke some tomorrow 
 they woke me up last night briefly saying they where finna smoke a blunt im like ghee in still tryna come down fro 
 after i finish this half zip im taking a month long tolerance break and then imma smoke another half zip and see how i feel.
 welp im out of weed
 blowing smoke   on a boat
 swing by the weede today at 1100 am for coach andersons press conference. it will also be streamed live on 
 things that suck goin to the casino and waking up with a sore throat from all the 2nd hand smoke 
 @tlxij youre right but ive never smoked weed
 if you hate social media so much  why dont you stick to mailers from the local five and dime  and smoke signals  p 
 as much as i love my weed i might have to give it up 
 got woken up this morning at 7 by the smoke alarms going off for no reason  right before i had to get up for work. pls kill me
 everyone thinks its lean because they smoke weed and dont know what cbd even is  its super sad 
 @peugeotuk my nieces 1st car  her hard earned money gone up in smoke. not the best advertisement for buying a peuge 
 wake and bake. smoke a blunt then eat that cake. you know a nigga about to make that ass shake
 are the smokey bear hat guys playing coachella @ralphgarman @thekevinryder @kevinandbean
 the wayyy that yo bitch break down my weed  sometimes..
 great smokey mountains. 
 i asked my mom whats the worst thing she thinks i do  smoke weed 
 | cowboy fries |                       hand cut idaho potatoes tossed in sea salt  smoked cut 
 i know i get on all my weed mans nerve im always asking for a discount then get mad when they be like i cant do that rn 
 free smoke free smoke ehh  free smoke free smoke ehh
 im smoked out watching netflix on my 10th blunt
  clicquot slow and sour d smoke... 
 should i smoke a bowl before class
 im in the laboratory creating montanara fried pizza  with cardoons  smoked bacon  hot red chili sauce with mozza 
 theses bfl niggas dont want no smoke 
 lets smoke
 i get so awkward when smokers start to hack their lungs up....haha
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1512 kensett st  . 
 dont fuckin smoke if you cant be high and real at the same time 
 gkpeters87 is doing his thing tonight for tv dinner tonight @haymerchant. smoked 44farms 
 when you smoke a fat blunt and then try to pretend sleep  
 @thedemocrats trump got nothing but smokescreens smokescreens nothing but smokescreens.dont get divert from  main issues. smokescreentrump
 if theres one thing that ive noticed from watching 13 reasons why its that these kids do not know how to smoke to save their lives 
 super yikes this was bad rt @avilitsweat your mcm shames sex workers but he sells weed lmao. 
 i dont smoke but i know enough to know this girl isnt doing it right  
 when you smoke but trynna stay sober 
 cant wait to smoke on the beach and be care free
 im really not even tryna smoke pr on a regular  thats really gon have to be those before bed blunts
 i need a weed man out here.
 i dont smoke 
 me when i first discovered weed... ripppped..     blazed ....     8 
 @jelynchjr stocktons daughter is a smoke show so ... great game but still keeping an eye out for talent 
 whatever he wants.. hes up right now. bills paid.. weed in abundance. living. 
 @fotosgab i would hope you are cannabis friendly cannabisfamilies  pot4parents   cannavspharm  womenofcannabis
 when is 420 i think i want fly out to colorado that day. i dont  smoke but i want to catch some suckers with 15 regular old brownies  lol
 im ready to smoke this blunt amp crash the fuck out
 why every time i smoke a spliff i gotta sing @popcaanmusic hot grabba hot grabba hot grabba
 the divine use to come upon me like tongues of fire on my soul filling my spirit with holy ghost smoke my hearts di 
 who the hell is the natural girl in kendricks new video..holy smokes.
 i need to smoke to get out of this mood man
 ahh people and their youre lame for smoking weed. opinion
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a midnight toker playing my music in the sunnnnn
 billmaher just watching your 331 show. ah  i feel you need to smoke a different weed. ur comments about hillaryclintons were deplorable
 just tryna smoke rn
 chicago niggas kill a nigga then name weed after em
 goals this summer... make money  hit the beach  go to functions  smoke some magic flower and create unforgettable memories 
 @a35362 hes mentally unstable. wants approval whilst is minions run about lying and creating smoke screens to cove 
 free smoke free smoke
 somebodys phone is on fire and were still in school mind you the hallway is smokey af 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation columbia  sc
 4 months ago  many more states legalized marijuana  trtc reported record sales then the entire pot stock sector crashed big time. go figure
 im gonna buy a scale and see how many ppl fuck me over in weed
 @ggmartiinez i love ur eyebrows and that smokey eye shit  that shit cute
 second weed man i got from jackd. jackd is the new plug. lol
 really wanna say fuck school and all this bullshit and just go travel the world  smoke my weed  and make my art
 this just isnt my morning weed mens aint picking up my offer up account got deleted and im sober asf
 and for the dumb mfs that failed biology  you cannot piss weed out of your system. water only dilutes your piss.
 she rolling weed and she dont even smoke 
 i do this wout weed 
 .@stevesisolak asks @lasairport if they can install amnesty boxes 4 travelers that realize they have leftover legal marijuana in their bags.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1308 argyle ave  send message. 
 trying to see exactly how people smoke dick  never really grasped that whole concept
 some woman from france just asked me where to buy cigarettes downtown. do i look like i smoke cigs or what
 come on out and relax and smoke with us 
 @thefive russian excuse is smoke and mirrors to hide obama surveillance of trump team
 a smoke shop is going into the former johnny vs bar space on santa clara.  dtsj
 something only pussies smoke 
 the fact that i get to be a personal weed connoisseur lmao man..
 its crazy to me how i have dave steezy on imessage talking real life business. its a trip  sparking weed just thinking about the future.
 massachusetts medical marijuana dispensary prepares to deliver statewide  via @marijuanatimesx
 massachusetts medical marijuana dispensary prepares to deliver statewide  via @marijuanatimesx
 nowornever we stand against the republican party we need to weed out these old school liers for their stink alread 
 wanna smoke with new people. who trynna match
 the west virginia house of delegates passed the legalization of medical marijuana in limited forms.   i voted yes 
 smoke weed everyday.
 bouta smoke and take it down. yall be easy.
 yo this house show has a smoke machine. bruh
 kush smoke good smoke httpst.codgjxio8prz
 at work everyone smokes but ill put money down that whoever smokes the most is female
 update construction on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to after exit 40 i90...httpst.comdl3wtwx1i
 so dabbing is like freebasing marijuana... ok...
 ive been trying to find happiness in guys  booze  and weed  when all i needed was myself.
 had to update the weed i smoked 
 so kansas city just passed new laws saying if you get caught with 35gs or less of weed all theyre going to do is hit you with a 25 fine 
 random guy at gas stationyour car smells like weed high me yeah
 thinking to myself like bitches is ridiculous  if hating was a drug then theyll smoke a whole brick of it.
 going to bed. hit the weed for me .
 another friend took me to his growing facility. now that cannabis is legal in california how do 
 i said i wasnt going to smoke the rest of this moon dust because it put me bed before sundown but i might do that.
 free smoke
 lets smoke and vibe while your in the studio all night baby  im with all that
 @cnn @cillizzacnn smoke created by the media but after 7 mos investigation no fire 
 got up and smoked now back in bed
 girls that smoke hookah aint loyal
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 the weedmaps and red bull skate teams are litttt
 i got a pink glass weed jar n its sooo cute but im afraid im gonna break it lol
 i have real friends. they dont smoke but they sit and talk to me while i smoke
 yall live for bitches and blunts we live for weed and money
 i hate when people come back from breaks smelling like national smoke day 1998... get outta hee with that lol
 ctfuuuuu how yall get the telly with only a dime bag of weed  
 wish i had friends to smoke with 
 the tsa now allows people w medical marijuana cards to bring marijuana on planes. this has to be the 1st time ive 
 idk if free smoke tops drakes past openers tho
 lets create more smoke by diverting also to susanrice as the worst thing that has happened  like russiagate is small peanuts.  smdh.
 free smoke
 stoughton recreational marijuana businesses might be banned and thats bad for real estate values. stoughtonma 
 im mad none of my boyfriends have invited me to a smoke sesh and its midday
 bitches smoke weed one time and next thing you know she got dreads and longer armpit hair than me
 i cannot relate to how ppl say they smoke so much they dnt have an appetite unless they smoke ......i eat so much more since i been smoking
 say she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 get money   smoke weed   and laugh together is all i ask for 
 who think they can out smoke  me 
 i want some weed
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 4810 harford rd  trash strewn on t 
 i havent had a day to myself in foreverrrr im abouta smoke eat amp binge watch 13 reasons  happyday
 my job is so stressful that my new manager just bought a pack of cigs for the first time in 5 years and hasnt smoke since
 weed weed weed   snot4everyone
 some of my niggas smoke weed some of my niggas snort coke
 i need a okay  but can we smoke first kinda girl
 @2trilltonio supposedly they tried stealing some weed from them when they stepped out the room .
 its for extra luck tomorrow stop looking at the weeds and get back to studying for test lmaoooo thanks mom 
 yall hype about waka just now sliding to fgcu.... come talk when you can smoke blunts with him after finessing your way in his show free
 these lil niggas really just tried to sell me some weed at the corner store lol they hot asf
 youre the smoke to my high.
 everyone asked if i smoked blacks  
 this fuckin local commercial u smell like smoke thas disgusting
 song got a nigga in his feelings but its cool cuz i got dope to smoke and bong to choke on @ 
 eww theres weed in my cocaine
 love is having a blunt rolled up and ready for us to smoke when i see you head ass 
 i automatically thought of my weed man when i read this  
 the oreilly factor going up in smoke as 40 advertisers have now abandoned the show via @politicususa 
 who trying get scoop and smoke
 how ironic that i smoked today and it turned out to be such a damn good day
 i need some smoke
 holy smokes wcw amipera @mannakcosmetics @ irvine  california 
 this girl could wreck my whole life and i would just let it happen bc she looks like an angel holy smokes 
 in fucking stoned bruh  kayla didnt want to smoke 
 just woke up outa no where. bouta smoke this blunt amp listen to sum ashanti. 
 lmao  theyre worried about body scanners but they smoke. yeah  alright.
 so... @justintrudeau has exactly 2 weeks to draft legislation legalizing marijuana if hes to do it before 420. happy420 legalizeit mj
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 i was wondering where you were..enjoy and smoke one for me 
 feeling gouda todayflank steak  smoked gouda  tomato cucumber relish  lettuce  and a yogurt dill sauce. 
 there is always that one friend in the group thats tatted up  would rather smoke then drink and nobody can control
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 shes just a friend i was sleeping i just smoke with her  it aint even like that that bitch ugly asf i woul 
 who wants to smoke with me after school 
 mr. weed just told me with the saddest look on his face that i never say hi to him anymore and it made me sad 
 why shorty look like she really smoke cigarettes backwards tho
 smoking weed thinking about all the times i was down and out. i love life man.
 dont hit me up to smoke if youre just trying to smoke my shit lol i dont mind sharing but... alllllll the time
 nigga try smoke me up he expect more so i smoke by myself dont have time for the bs 
 see our latest helenawesthelena  ar job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 wicked weed brewing is back this weekend at our tasting room @wickedweedbeer details  
 smokehouse burger smokehousetavern smokehouse.provisions burger pdxeater milkbun doublepatty 
 so i walk out the store with two packs of rellos and this cop says what those for sonny i said put weed in em and smoke it
 firefighters responding to a possible residential structure fire at 35 dean way. reports of smoke inside the home. chicofd
 @ricketyoldshack @smoogymma im glad that they are weeding out the cheaters.
 at the student center fountain  on the wall where everyone smokes cigs at  someone chalked mizzou is smoke free. thatll show em
 when does heathman not smell like weed is the real question
 im trying to smoke after this orientation so who slangs in van nuys
 someone come eat their feelings and smoke a blunt and watch movies w me sos im sad all r welcome swing by
 i know im sorry mama smoking marijuana
 @liiilkim i only knew it was weed because i replayed it to look at the texture 
 if i had a rillo id totally smoke rn 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1408 west pratt street baltimore  send message.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 34873801 hawkins point road baltimore  send 
 an easy drinking beer.  drinking a smitten golden rye ale by @bellsbrewery @ sublime smoke   
 mitchell faust miss bryce hempel put back
 ion smoke  but every time im with him we be faded 
 im the only one here not smokin weed sip sip sip
 just want you to come over smoke a joint amp listen to sampha w me
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 watching the past go up in smoke..
 i really dislike the sound someones voice makes when theyre exhaling smoke and speaking at the same time
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm 
 i can smoke again on monday. im beyond happy
 what kind if weed man yall got lmao 
 im going with the weed 
 bout to smoke cain amp jakes baby asses in go carts 
 finna go live with me and benji smoke sesh for a lil
 sage steele is a smokeshow
 me as a giants fan watching the pats get smoked superbowl 
 i see your super bowl and i raise this super blunt featuring a hemp wrap  thin mint girls scout 
 smokin a lot of weed today 
 i can finally smoke outside without freezing to death
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2016 portugal st  send message. 
 so jimz calling out @therealgoodz now... goodz smoke that nigga real fast.
 my coworker that has only smoked
 spaghetti weastern li smoked eelgarlicdark dried habanadasicilian chilipangrattatospring onion 
 brb burying my emotions in nuggets of green and a cloud of smoke
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 now im done with all my work   i can smoke myself retarded
 g  i smoked a blunt so thin one time. and dude told ole girl you rolled this super tight 
 so ill smoke
 i used to not be able to eat unless i smoked now that im sober a nigga b hungry as a lion
 i dont drink i smoke weed but not all the time an i love hard dont where ur heart on ur sleeve the fire burns deep enuf to sink
 any one wanna end me  i jus farted out loud... in a smoke circle
 my friend is coming over with vietnamese food. and weed. 
 if my whole apartment is filled with my neighbors cigarette smoke i can only imagine hers. her poor baby 
 good day to smoke with @famousdex jaxfl
 i smoked the morning of my mouth swab drug test and i still passed  aint god good  
 why does colorado have to be so expensive now fuck you weed tourists and transplants i hope yall get genocided.
 @xshekinah weed is life
 @darheddol come to d.c. get a half smoke.
 not joking the moment i stepped into my house i was hit with the smell of weed
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 154 collins ave  bulk trash and bo 
 just picked up  someone come through to crown heights and smoke with meee
 keep the blunt in ya pocket loc cause @snoopdogg is all about the zig zag smoke
 yo mcm still roll his weed in goodtimes
 bdog2017 raising the first smokefree and cleanairwise generation... so we all breathe easier 
 if u still smoke .5s dont ask to match me
 if i dont smoke to my standards my chest hurt shit cray
 justin just put his sandwich in the toaster it started smoking he took it out and said i guess thats why they call it smoked turkey
  glad that weve been hanging out recently  you fun to smoke w. potential bff.
 .... sometimes i post weed related stuff but only my friends can see my story so i havent added her back. hope she doesnt bring it up lol
 that time i sang with smokey robinson and berry gordy. watch the gershwinprize concert tonight on pbs. 
 i dont drink i dont smoke but ill come hype you while you turn up 
 i cant mess with girls who smoke or even drink more than occasionally for that matter
 wow dude i love weed  john lemon
  smokey robinson  myles garrett  batman lego movie  the great wall  mike ilitch  eclipse 2017  danielle bregoli  2017211 0504 cst
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 zu so we gonna smoke and bake hahahaha what
 no one knows how to have fun without alcohol and weed cuz that would be just childish and immature
 @billycorben if  florida legalized sports betting and marijuana it would create tons of jobs overnight and get things out of the dark.
 all i want to do is forget about my past and smoke a lil weed nothing to drastic..
 yesterday i wanted to smoke more butttttt i was too stoned that i wet the lighter while washing my hands bahahaha ima fool
 front label of new packaging for our hemp burger amp hemp burger crumbles. getting ramped up for our new local grocery account @alfalfasmarket
 @connorschnell omg happy birthday mr snails see u ina couple hours we just got in mi. gone smoke blunts n get crunk
 im going to have to try that smoked old fashion  waiter.   @ modis breckenridge 
 front smokey the bandit back brisket with tater tots ianspizza pizzaheaven @ ians pizza 
 when your weed cashed 
 my ex smoked crack in the bathroom on our weekend vacations and called it taking a shower. valentinesday
 when my dog smells weed she goes crazy and be happy as fuck
 you smoke too much when yo mouth just be smelling like tobacco amp weed on the regular  teeth start getting dingy  
 @therealfatzack it aint nun to a g let your hair blow in breeze blow smoke some bomb ass weed get high cruise at a jet speed
 when smoke gets in ur eye 
 @jeffticle dude i know  there was another one of those wyd after you smoke this tweets. and those comments killed me  hahah
 @retrojunkie mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 see our latest lafayette  in job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 whos mobile an tryn smoke 
 when ur bffs smoke without u 
 ive smoked every second i have been awake this today and honestly its been the best valentines day ever
 someone pull up and smoke me out 
 since i got blown off whos down to smoke
 talk about highkey disappointment holy smokes .
 i just want to smoke and cuddle and listen to great music.
 neeed to smoke 
 @brtrendy @mexicannfuhrer be careful of the marijuanas 
 i love marijuana im a fucking poser
 negative effects of smoking marijuana you now have less marijuana
 im having a grotesquely shit night so im gonna drink this whole bottle of wine and smoke this huge bowl to my dome
 first off you know i smoke
 occupants of the house fire on orchard ave were alerted by working smokealarms  please be sure that your smoke alarms are working also
 when you call your weedman at 900pm but he show up at 130am   takehispack  whoelseheserving  ishereallyon  whyhenotjimmyjohns   
 ld625 new an act to prohibit the location of a marijuana facility within 2 000 feet of a house of public worshi... 
 nobody want smoke with the timberwolves 
 i hate when i try staying up to watch netflix when im faded but i ko instead lmao weed too dank
 my car smells like an entire weed plant 
 this is why everyone amp especially black people to getinvolved in cannabis  
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   bellefontaine  oh
 actually went to the gym and worked out   plus i havent smoked yet today improvements
 me when i smell weed yucky cant stand the smell of it @ austin  texas 
 soooooo who wanna smoke with me  
 i need some fucking weed
 dont even know why im up   bre up in here playing and shit i wake up to the smell of weed 
 the crunchy pickle  turkey  smoked ham  pickles  onions  lettuce  swiss  mayo  hot mustard  and potato chips on ci 
 we smoke  niggas 
 ive found heaven in a sandwich. i slow smoked a shoulder and a butt and my wife made these cornbread buns. the perfect sandwich wslaw
 once weed is totaly legal they will have awesome superbowl ads
 foe nem got smoke fa the low lowwe dont not fuck wit da popo
 i shall smoke.
 holy smokes glenn robinson
 so antman that it was okay to play gospel as i broke down weed and rollbut tue sad part is i was real crankim and singnin no good
 exhales smoke whilst making a sassy  sarcastic face followed by a headshake  a smug grin and a sigh 
 we made a spread out of that smoked branzino and thusly...  plus  another application for our 
 @hightimesmag @hightimesmag  look at this fab hemp car 
 i need someone to come ova to watch movies and smoke w
 @krisztinuhh give me ur weed ill get rid of it for u
 how i feel smoking weed knowing damn well i have 2 huge exams tmrw 
 all i do is smoke weed and rhyme  sip codeine just to ease my mind juicy j  
 @politicsnewz hemp oil...free ebook on marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine 
 who trying smoke
 me when i tell people ive never drank or smoke before amp still dont 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 @uber the past 2 ubers i took were driven by smokers amp their cars reeked with cabs u can request nonsmoking drivers. u shud add that.
 somewhere over the smokey mountains. @ smokey mountains 
 some girls like dates i like smoking weed and listening to music
 people act like i still do drugs  like i dont even smoke weed anymore ive been sober for two months and i couldnt be happier
 if you want smoke we can go there 4nem pull up with a mac like its software
 when yu smoke yo last blunt
 like all these ideas just be coming to me random as fuck this why i love weed lmao
 bro hit me talm bout lets smoke amp go get some breakfast lol say less
 warm mornings like these makes me miss leaving boces  skipping the rest of school to go smoke in my yard with @lexx112 senior year 
 why is it only 911 lol im waiting for the weed shop to open.
 my cannabis disappeared tellasadstoryin3words durangoorganics 
 so to the girls that sit in our circles just to get smoked up. bums
 @nickymcmonacman thats what my mom smokes lmao
 smoking weed makes me more in touch with my emotions and makes me a wonderful observer  but im shitty at everything when im high
 i smoke a lotta gas  drink a lotta syrup... did a lot of dirt  flipped a lot of work
 thank you to my weed man that makes me imagine come to life. ..... 1stlineofmyoscarspeech
 i dont smoke 
 i live in denver.ive been to many shows here.the most pot smokefilled show i have ever been to is @thundercat 
 went to smokey bones they had all u can eat tenders shit was lit
 happy 18th to my soul sista my bff @sarynelizabeth love you so much s go brazzy some hella weedand suck he 
 hey guys my heart is still broken and im almost out of weed so like  nothings new
 na we not bashing weed smokers 
 need to smoke before i explode
 thank god for weed
 so protecting lbgtq kids is a states rights issue but enforcement of marijuana laws is a federal issue sad
 your first smoke out of your new pipe is like baptizing your kid
 i smoke a blunt to take tha pain out ampamp if i wasnt high prolly try to blow my brains out .. im hopeless lordknows resteazypac 
 can we just smoke a blunt and have make up sex
 jared cox moving on to tomorrow in 200 free.  smoke em saturday cadet cox  @ohhsswimming @oakhillssports
 now you gotta go bruh  i was chillin at first but now you tryna fuck with my weed 
 everyday in highschool i would leave class to smoke weed in my car and if i was ever questioned about it by staff i 
 next up at @abatips iclc ethical and insurance coverage implications for marijuanarelated operations. 
 i smell weed in my room amp i know im not tripping
 i smoke pot i like it a lot noonecaresrik
 @barstoolsports but no regulated freedom of weed...
 bitches smoke dick and swear up and down they got they own business going
 might just smoke some loud and  make some beats for no reason cause somehow my life got flipped upside down and people only want me to rap
 im driving in circles around lax so mikayla can smoke all this weed before she goes through security... ring ring
 connect the dots between trump admin decision 2 bring back private prisons amp cannabis crackdown  gotta fill those prisons w someone i guess
 im hypocritical myself  but it still blows my mind when men be whole potheads then be like i want a classy woman who doesnt smoke .. how
 bill in congress could protect colorados marijuana laws 
 @enewill @mushwear @nemesis3373 @maddogradio @dangraca 2 hot guys talking hockey i dont smoke but for some reason im craving a cigarette.
 grandma are you smoking in your new car billie grandpa i hear she smokes thats good good
 that weed was straight trash 
 @yalocalplug i think you got smoke with me b. whats wrong
 wine weed nd music is what i wish i was around rn
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   caldwell  oh
 after all that  what a finish  smoke finally a winner at daytona  rite on 
 @vodkagawd @strangekeith i cant wait to read the stories by people i didnt like in high school while i smoke a fat blunt in my rolls.
 pls seth no weed joke
 holy smokes oscars
 fuck around and get smoked suhwoop 
 this my favorite time to smoke blunts  my mind me racing at night...
 we need to weed out anyone that has this behavior 
 need to smoke me a blunt before i start back on this math 
 i dont smoke joes at alll.... and i smoked 2 already this shows they got me fucked 
 @smokinpirate what be cool is if she exhale smoke as she took her girl out of her mouth
 i sound like an 80 year old man that smokes 10 packs a day
 prosecutor weeden wetmore says he will likely seek the maximum penalty for beard life in prison without parole. claytontrial
 i hate a it smell like weed ass classmate 
 when somebody smoking outside and you just smell the weed coming thru your window 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1717 morrell park avenue baltimore  
 reminiscing about the days when i had weed 
 why am i always the one that smokes ppl out skkkrt.
 she wan smoke my dope  let her smoke my dope
 @misslizzynj @leahr77 like smokey sang. the tears of a clown.
 just tryna vibe  smoke and listen to music with someone
 i guess its normal to drink and smoke during your pregnancy now these days i wish my babymom would
 tune in wed. live abc ch. 8 9am10am @ up n smoke bbq 
 fuck around get smoked
 who lives in the la area and has their rec i will smoke you out if you pick up for me plus im really cool and nice
 my moms bf arguing with her cuz i have weed in my bra and its making the whole house stink and he dont smoke no more.
 i just wann smoke so i dont have to think of anything
 on some real. if you smoke i really wont fuck with you. i dont care who you are. im not wit it.
 whole house smokey af
 @digitallydownld whats wrong with deviant sexual activity and weed pretty sure those two things go great together
 i need to smoke again  but i aint going fade it lol
 after work  i smoke a blunt amp recuperate
 getting weed sent to you in a ranch container
 we met amp smoked out some white kids from gsu lol had the deepest group discussions ever shit was lit
 if you smoke backwoods your ratchet
 so im guessing all the weed mans are sleep
 i wanna be in maine  smoking weed topless on a heated boat deck  eating the fuck outta lobster stew
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 tacosandhenny gonna be such a vibe tonight  beautiful women  tacos  weed  henny  seriously what can be better
 i wanna smoke but i have no money brokebitchprobs
 somebody smoke and go to ihop with me lol hml
 @thevanessablake still myfffd got me so guazimoto  my cryptic cant cyphened. weeee need some weed and a taste 
 @varneyco if i choose not2 hv ins but 2yrs down the line decide to purchase govt will penalize me. thats govt control @potus smoke mirrors
 we drink we smoke we think we know eachother
 if you live in a state with medicinalrecreational marijuana you have no idea how hard it is to watch yall enjoying all the edibles. sucks
 its 2017 are people still afraid of weed
 if yall hide yall guns amp weed like yall hide yall girlfriends amp babymommas  a lot of yall wouldnt be in jail 
 dragonball z amp weed smoke 
 i dont even wanna deal with weed no more
 guys want 2 fuck on weed only 
 repost @cupcakemmj  find a girl that loves you as much as i love weed  girlsgoneweed 
 i honestly and truly believe weed doesnt make you lazy.
 current weather in naples smoke  77f 57 humidity  wind 10mph  pressure 1023mb
 one of the best things about having moved out is that i can smoke when ever i want
 remembering the time harry burke wrote about dean blunt which basically amounted to seems like weed... and helium that was good content.
 wow  the sun setting behind thick smoke from the wildfires in western ok and ks as viewed from tulsa okwx 
 my nana just called me to ask if i smoke 
 i just got 2 free hempfest tickets 
 niggas will snapchat them buying the weed  breaking down the weed  then rolling up the weed.... fucking clowns
 i wanna smoke rn and really experience this breakthrough 
 thank god for the smoke ban in kokomo 
 i smoked my last blunt this morning and all i got left is a bowl.. this blows
 i voted yes on m when can i buy weed at target
 just my thoughts and a heap of good weed.
 all i wanna do is smoke with yaaaaa
 infinite chips or one million hits of weed
 maybe this weed will help me go back to sleep 
 @speakerryan @secpricemd @repkevinbrady @repgregwalden @housecommerce @wotal smokeampmirrorsrepeal amp no replacementgtplanhad 8 yrs amp no plan
 julio is cutting the grass at 6am and stealing johnnies job while johnny smokes grass sleeps late and doesnt want a damn job deport john
 elkins nm wed mar 8th am forecast today smoke hi 75 tonight partly cloudy lo 45
 check out the twisted team  at ashs smoke shop ashessmokeshop twistedlabs smokeshop 
 i think kuli smoked weed in my damn columbia  now i smell like an asshole 
 i sometimes tell myself to not face a whole blunt  to just smoke half but i always end up facing 
 @lafupacabra at this point my phone rings and i am like thank you jesus. i excuse myself and go outside to talk and smoke. i give my home
 need to smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3516 east baltimore street baltimore  send me 
 @gwarmothwftv  is that smoke we are seeing in groveland from the brush fire from east orlando very smokey and hazey  here in clermont area
 have you ever smoked a blunt worth the down payment on a used bentley
 i feel bad i been texting the weed man all day i said nigga stop acting like you dont see my text he said bro im at a funeral im a dick
 not blowing smoke up anywhere butt @mensroomlive on @999kisw  is the best live comedy radio show in the usa amp more @theetedsmith @mileskisw
 @ibraofficial if you come to la  we got you on the dabs and weed any time youre in newport beach.   tokecare 
 first bbq field trip to buckingham smokehouse it has been ranked best in como for the past 10 years highly recomm 
 why do people smoke youre smoking your life away
 @fleemarketmatt happy birthday buddy. hope you have a good one homieeeeeee smoke some 
 smokey a5010550 adopted carsonsheltersurvivor adopting smokey has already been such a 
 i was tryna smoke @lauritaaaa2497 out 
 great opportunity learn something new about fabulous hemp  free raffle 2 tickets for attending the meeting  
 construction on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414 to exit 40 i90  weedsport...httpst.co5ksuli611r
 got high on reggi bc i always smoke kush
 someone left the damn smoke machine on  dont they know how much the juice costs
 ... i understand wanting to cover bases  but if you smell smoke more than once  small chance it aint humans maybe
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 301399 cider aly  send message. 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 see our latest gascity  in job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 oh theyre gonna smoke illinois today
 no developments at cannabis culture. whole storefront is cover in kraft paper. two officers stationed outside. 
 when you smoke before class 
 i cant say enough times how much i love smoking weed 
