 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 only smoke with a selected few.
 lol this election really did weed out all the undercover racists
 @fetalmistake @stephgraves and yet she smokes newports and weed while pregnant. she could give a shit less what her kids ingest.
 blowin smoke 
 night sky at weedon island now available  art florida @pinellasextnr @pinellaspark1 
 lol ugh theyre going to get in and get smoked in the first round 
 @untouchablead so you tryna get a new weedman or not  
 ill smoke you out howbowdahhh 
 even if weed doesnt smoke  stoposcs2k17
 ive been listening to every version of smoke on the water thats on spotify for.. awhile....
 last weed tonight with @iamjohnoliver.  oneletterofftvshows @midnight
 @joenbc yo scotus gop anticonstitutional nixon dea war criminal dea fascist anti21st amendment anti usa hemp founder .pro injustice usa
 all i do is sit home amp smoke on the week days  an tup on the weekends sometimess 
 i just heard some freshman talking and she goes yeahhh last weekend i smoked meth something doesnt add up
 so is marijuana tax deductible
 i like weed more than i like people
 large smoke plume visible in ne gainesville  61 acre rx burn conducted by st. johns water management district @sjrwmd @ktk985dotcom
 bro just be pot heads in silence. i dont care how much weed you smoke.
 did you kmow that the first american flag was made out of hemp hmm 
  im turning into a weed head...
 fresh cut ribeyes get you some   baked potato  salad amp grilled veggies capt stans smokehouse 
 and we smoke fonto not no zig zags
 @realdonaldtrump legalize weed
 @fireandweather damn all that smoke and no scbas firefighter
 ill smoke a reggie stick if i had some
 so we have over a hundred fascist professors helped bring darkness and smoke to our campus tonight. should we be al 
 just trying to smoke a blunt  cake up amp clap some cheeks amp fall asleep.
 its a lot of weed smokers in the apartments where i stay and i know they name and face cuz i serve them everyday
 all i want is someone whos either down to drink or smoke with me after i come back from practice
 this blue cheese weed pretty bomb
 @shamusmckenz @mister42 u probably need some good weed and a bottle of bourbon.
 be having so much smoke too much on my chest
 @sallyeaves postmodern fiction contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 @filigreegirl @pdeblassieiii scifi contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 @webergrills @virtualweber smoked salmon on a cold day in chicago   also smoked some bacon and sausage  love my 
 @madflavor cokes... who are these retards who put weed on the sam
 sauce. @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery in garland  tx  
 fishman sighting at skippers smokehouse in tampa fishiseverywhere 
 im gone smoke 2 then wake up amp cop another 1.7
 i try to be uplifting  but every once in awhile i gotta smoke hoes online like a newport its not one mfr that has room to say shit. dou
 got an eighth but nothin to smoke out of
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 we finna smoke dis gas 
 some see a weed  others see a wish. what do you see purebeauty purebeautydallas 
 its been 7days since i smoked...i will nt spend mii on that weak mess anymore imdone for life
 my nana told my family at dinner last night that i was gonna smoke up a few joints and be hungry when i got home...lmao bowls but u rite nan
  smoke some shoe ass niggah  
 @wwebitches @torrie11 not a smoke right now  that would not bring erection down either @kingmarliedave 
 hoping bae gets here before javan wakes up so we can smoke amp talk abt shit for a lil bit.
 wake up smoke
 koolin bro prolly smoke sum u kumin to da bountry 
 who tryna smoke after school
 my mom said if i ever get pulled over and they find weed or alcohol in my car shes gonna let me sit in jail amp drop me from her insurance 
 i stay having weed w no shells.
 life sentence from weed  dumb asf
 black party is weed party. 
 when i smoke everything enhances.
 were hiring click to apply class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes available   job
 @dogrates oh monty 1410 would kiss your smooth head and comfort you after chomping on itchy weed.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 530 north carrollton avenue baltimore  
 where. the. fuck. is. my. weed.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2950 phelps ln  violation notice outstanding. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 118 n potomac st  
 gunna go crawl in my music production hole with wine  weed and coffee  have a good weekend 
 t. pryor is good..i mean he smoked jno when we played them...but he aint enough
 white people would do anything for a cancer patient except give them affordable health care and let them smoke weed
 squid ink corzetti pasta  grilled baby octopus  smoked bone marrow emulsion  pickled pearl 
 stressed out  smoke that shit pooh @ripdevon
 then you have country fried steak  smoked pork chops and chocolate 
 libshempstead glambygee voice make up fleeky @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin
 when i think caseys been in the bathroom too long i turn off the wifi. smokes him out everytime.
 roll me up amp smoke me cause i feel like . . . .
 you smoke a facial and not high its established that youre ready to smoke crack
 i love weed
 toronto trends now toyota camry  emery  cannabis culture  march break  don meredith. 
 @tgowdysc phony  smoke and mirrors where is bryan paglianowhere is the investigation into executive order 13603comeyclinton foundation
 yo did i really just buy a marijuana necklace  i need help lolol
 night one sets smoke detector off from burning rice and campus police show up at my door ndsutrue sb17
 caress lil mama for weed and she did it for free 
 date night includes the grand pups smokey and bandit. 
 my mama otp talm bout she know i smoke weed  amp that i think she stupid .
 yo a vape is like sippy cup for weed
 @l1ldebbie no one knows this song but me. i love you  lets smoke n road trip together 
 is weed still a sin our was that just a fad
 some weed always helps
 i ate a weed gummy before seeing @marcmaron last night and im still trying to land.
 dont forget  springforward for daylightsavings but remember to change batteries in smoke  co detectors or replac 
 yall im like.. i have no problem with people who smoke why do you hate people who smoke
 @emprsschristine wheres drew hempel when you need him
 just a little selfie happy saturday everyone workonsaturday @ smoker friendly 
 @justmdsjr he didnt do shit to her but tell her to stay elsewhere after the sex was weak and she smoked up his trees.
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking
 find weed immediately 
 where that tweet that says someone was spending 600 a month on weed. 
 remembering that moment when i ate a weed gummy and i threw up without crying  if you know me when i vomit i cry for like 10 minutes 
 so have they bumped up the price of smoke alarms or put them on sale remember spring ahead fall back clocks move forward tonight
 his homie quoted it and was like  long story short  she smoked all his bud and he said get out. lmfaoooooo 
 @mjharleyquinn @lulazarte66 @jennaswan1 @wwwbigbaldhead @normanscat  damn to be that smoke..
 @uniteddrugrehab and of course the person is going to say marijuana. its the harmless one. no one says  my 1st drug was heroin geeze
 us discussing how we smoke w friends see you be on that vibe shit  me and my niggas just be trying to get fried and play the game jacob
 he got smoked lol 
 skipping class to drink four lokos and smoke bowls with the homeless people in a west palm beach alleyway 
 unnaceptable that inept gov pot farm doesnt test their moldy cannabis   norml @masscann 
 i need some weed
 somebody call the weed man
 cheers  stpattysday pubcrawl big987fm @ nobull smokehouse 
 add some music n weed well hell u no idea where i take u then
 let the smoke fly cao flathead 770 cigar cigars cigarlife cigar101 cigaraficionado 
 sitting in a chinese restaurant  i stared at this giant plume of black smoke for a good 10 
 i jus wanna smoke good weed wit a bad bitch.
 bored asf i need some friends i can chill amp smoke w  watch movies  cook together amp dance to music type shit.
 ima cut you off quicker then i met you  ima swipe ya name up off my schedule  and if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you 
 finally get to smoke after this long ass day 
 chirish  @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 oh my god you publicize that you drink the alcohol amp smoke the weed you are so coolamp
 we are surrounded by hookers and bro dudes but i got a martini and michael can smoke inside so 
 why does one get a citation for possession of marijuana when its illegal but arrested and taken to jail for alcohol @danabrams livepd
 sooo does anyone wanna smoke dis blunt w me nd john orrrr
 i want to smoke a cigar but at 24 out i think not.
 flynn report has shep smith fed up its too much lying  too much russia  too much smoke  via @huffpostmedia
 i dont smoke but sometimes i need a smoke break
 i just be tryna smoke talk shit hoop eat and sleep
 this smoke detector thing keeps going off in my room and i cant sleep with that shit yo
 baby hit this weed cuz it might calm you down .. 
 currently double fisting a raw everything bagel and a snickerdoodle weed cookie thats the whole joke
 see our latest mansfield  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 @andrewinereview i hate the smell of all smoke from campfires to birthday candles. it all makes me want to hurl.
 i keep telling myself  i dont need a cigarette.  nothing is going to happen if i dont smoke...except for good health.  still craving  bt 
 middle schoolers these days smoke  drink  doing drugs amp having sex  me in middle school spell icup
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i spent the only money i have for this week on two pack of cigs and a case of beer when i only drank two beers and i dont smoke   wow
 so its ok to fight with a cop because you traded some weed stop justifying this boys actions comply with the pol 
 its just a little dusting. cmon out amp treat yourself to some warmth. fresh smoked q w 5 bloodys  2.50 mimosas 
 anybody trying to smoke
 brisket  turkey  and smoked fried wings. thanks mitzula  food 
 @lotustom @corybooker if youre having trouble sleeping then you should definitely give the weed a chance.
 quitting smoking weed will be easier than i thought
 papa john amp @jacobjessedage having some serious talk on smoke break. 
 couldnt get into rileys last night so i smoked a full pack of heaters with the bouncer l
 @vapingit tell them to put that patch on my arse and kiss it. ecigs worked better for me guess im fired up for smokeless alternatives
 big woods  good smoke 
 stephanie singh muller a german indian o ashkenazi... bnai home depot. @homedepot i suppose cannabis is legal  justin. 2badurnhavana. 
 the source of the smoke was a pair of pants that was lit on fire at the coutyard inn adjacent to the ben lomand hotel
 parents if you dont talk to your kids about marijuana  where are you supposed to get it
 bro ong i need to smoke 
 ridin blowin weed sippin on tha daily basis
 thanks girl smoke soon 
 twistin my weed  an im twisting my dreads  fuck what you heard and yea fuck what you said  white and the wheat yea we stackin that bread 
 when you aint hit the weed all day and you finally do . 
 bored af man someone smoke or sum
 all i do is smoke and make money 
 poached egg and smoked salmon hit the spot 
 my @airbnb host will not respond to me and i dont know where the apartment is. i just got the keys from a shaddy smoke shop
 we are driving and it smells like weed so my dad pretends to pass me a blunt 
 i barley smoke anymore cause of that shit that went down last year i just dont trust people
 each time ive gone through baker city its smelled like weed. i think they should rename it baked city.
 this is my smoker water pan mix for my duck. garlic  herbs  cider  cinnamon sticks and cumquats 
 @lengotgame he gone try to smoke us if we meet in the 16.
 legalizing weed 
 hate when hood rat ass bitches be tryna make you feel small just bc they think they bad af cause they smoke and shit
 a job boys just to consume time i literally drive around and smoke weed all day or play cod and smoke weed all day
 im cool af to smoke with. everybody fwm
 take me to get bud and i will smoke you out
 @fineeask you got prescribed weed you need to hmu
 who wanna smoke
 when all the smoke clears  its you amp me. i like that. i prayed for a girl that could keep up with me.
 chevrolet silverado smoked tail lights at tint magic window tinting. call us for a free 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 preciate ya smokeyy 
 i literally hate pot heads like i will not date someone that smokes i think its so fuckin nasty like why do you enjoy being slow as fuck
 all i do is smoke weed 
 damn even my grandparents smoke weed lmao
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 a trinity county cannabis farmer is ready to answer your questions about the cannabis industry this month 
 just had lunch here. brisket sandwich with hot tomato molasses. they showed us the smoker full 
 we finally brought the gold back to the smoke  my youngins goats  forever in the city younggods
 see our latest coldwater  mi job and click to apply class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 austin ppl find my girl some weed 
 my coworkers are telling me that girls that make weed arent cute duh... cause im beautiful amp so are the others 
 i got a roach just sitting in my bong lmao to smoke it tis the question
 i just smoke good gas and mind my damn business 
 looking like smokey on friday smoking that angel dust .
 so annoyed i just wanna smoke a blunt 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i used to smoke when im stressed .. now i workout 
 i smoke a lot of gas drink a lot of syrup
 @rchrdpeake air traffic should be banned .. so that hollywood park  isnt smoked out .. get a horse
 where can i buy some weed brownies or cookies
 @briesbutler holy smokes that was a good one
 kells should be on the cover of @hightimesmag .. cuz he sure as hell smoke a lot of weed. highquality loud 
 ltcrash2xsgt smoke time  spidergurl smokes ltcrash2xsgt i wonder y all the sex workers smoke ltinannagt friction
 i smoke in silence
 we just smoked 1 blunt through 3 states...
 no weed to smoke tonight. my plug decided he dont trap anymore. he plays ball now. like wtf
 she just wanna smoke amp fuck ..... 
 i like weed ok.
 dont smoke but my rolling skills still superb 
 thats all the shit you not suppose to smoke 
 tony stewart would be the best at doing a shine run. cmon  his nickname is smoke. good luck tryna run ridges with him
 yes on 4 committee held marijuana hearing  via @wwlp22news
 lighting stog after stog  choke on the smoke they tell me to quit  dont listen what im told help me forget that this world is so cold
 i should smoke this nasty ass black in here and see if she says anything 
 i need to find people down to smoke in lowell..
 just had a nightmare about being in the weeds  wtf
 my only blizzard essentials are dick turkey bacon amp weed
 ima walk away   smoke amp play the game. gotta ignore the devil lol 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1422 west pratt street baltimore  send messag 
 who tryna hang n smoke
 come through and turn up smoke 1 pour up  sxsw2017 squadup2k17 
 had weed since lastnight amp i havent touched it cause i didnt feel like rolling 
 its actually hard to find weed that bad. 
 ... dont let @rozzay influence you to smoke hookah next time 
 lmao uncle sam smokes mid 
 im just tryna smoke and my bathroom doesnt wanna steam today
 someone send me weed to take amazing pictures of. weed marijuana 420 losangeles cannibus i also appreciate glass 
 the dangers smokeless tobacco has on your oral health 
 lmao i dont get the governments crusade against marijuana i really dont 
 bro that shake dont even look good for u lmao. i wouldnt smoke that shit 
 accident blocks 2 right lanes and a right shoulder on 610 w lp sb at post oak blvd.  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 9 mins
 me and smokey the bear.  smokeythebear firesafety oklahoma  usa @ meeker  oklahoma 
 i cannot wait to smoke a blunt
 tonights special is bacon mac amp cheese with smoked brisket and grape tomatoes for 14 
 today consisted of junk food  movies and weed stellablizzard
 is that weed or grass i cant tell 
 @andergrammar i just want to smoke menthols and have crazy bdsm sex with my boyfriend mom  is that too much to ask 
 stay down until you elevate.. @ smokes 2 
 @icejjfish thats such b.s. and anyone who follows you knows you like 1. females 2. weed and 3. music
 bored so imma smoke n go to bed
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 12400 block of se caruthers st  portland  or portland fire rp17000021029 1721
 need new smoke buddies when we get back to the ville 
 my mom are you and janna gonna go smoke me yeah  en el nombre de trujillo
 man how i wish i could smoke a fatty rn
 whos trynna smoke
 i dont smoke crack muthafacka  i sell it...
 i smoke big backwoods of that funky 
 thinking about investing in a smoker maybe even a big green egg 
 dead spent 45 mins shoveling out my car just to get weed and a mcflurry lol
 its my birfday  smoke me out amp give me money
 we smoke every night  good sleep
 pull my bud out the prescription bottle smoke it up and then im hollow 
 we used to netflix and roll i used to pass her the smoke she used to laugh at my jokes
 i didnt smoke at all today what the fuck
 im laid back naturally so every time i smoke i move tooo slow boogie
 i jus wanna smoke and cuddle lol right now
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5021 pilgrim rd lauraville 
 use of marijuana is down over the past decade for eighth and 10th graders even as social acceptability is up  the study foundcellvpot
 i just smoked to this.... the fucking  
 @snoopdogg when blacks do better under trump than any other president  you gonna apologize go smoke weedamp have a heart attack u dumb nigger
 proud of my boy @diegomedinals for accepting his big boy job. now that means we can smoke cigars in the weekends 
 i left my weed all out in the fucking open in my room 
 @marshacollier @harvardbiz tell them i dont work off smoke single anymore sun elite upper .00000000100001001010010 
 all i wanna get some weed and get some commas
 i love gardening. amp by gardening i mean breakin up weed in my car in the tops parking lot
 @palaeosinensis honestly with how specialized weed has gotten there isnt much to worry about. my actual anxiety meds are worse.
 you know what  i could totally smoke a couple bowls and just stare at motile bacteria under a scope for hours
 go smoke some reggie bummy ass
 wish i had someone to smoke with atm im in so much pain 
 i fucked that bitch accidentally i didnt mean to start drama it was just physically it wasnt mentally we was off the marijuana 
 fuck a hater imma smoke until i die
 had to smoke one for the homie 
 i can guarantee sessions has never ever used marijuana    @yahoo 
 @yerissablondee @saul42 i agree wh should suspend all news conferences until they weed out the legit news from fake news  leak news
 i always forget weed is illegal
 rolling a marijuana cigarette and watching mall rats.
 what it mean when girls say they dont buy weed
 @pflanns ah good. always loved and respected the old garden crowds. as kid could barely see game through the smoke.
 @yahoonews @realdonaldtrump threw up a smoke screen as a distraction from trumprussiacollusion. impeachtrump
 @greggutfeld @michaeldelauzon their too busy in back smoked filled room planning next attack on president trump had it been mo oh lord
 @sjschauer ig story is always great. put that in your vape and smoke it 
 @goodmanespn smoke on the water does great bbq.
 did you really sxsw if you didnt smoke a bowl in a porta potty
 smoking weed in the dark
 im bored why tf noone wanna smoke w me 
 great time with the folks and brother in town last week for the pac 12 unfortunately  the ducks didnt smoke arizo 
 who wants to smoke
 bruh this homie told us a story about how he stole weed off his brother  thinking he was slick  turns out they had a camera  im dying
 @boujiesmartchik i dont smoke anymore 
 i want someone who is down to go on the top of the roof  watching the sunset  and talk  shit we can even drink and smoke.
 whyyyy is smokey burke up
 its lil kodak  the finesse kid boy who hot as me told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli 
 people was arguin me down all day that i was high amp ion even smoke  nigga im just tired as hell and stressed and barely can open my eyes
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 dawg i started fucking howling when she fucking fell dawg then she proceeded to say i hurt my back like a person who smokes 12 packs a day
 this girl better be ready to smoke n chill cause ion got time for a bunch of questions
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 1700 block of n tomahawk island dr  portland  or portland fire rp17000021445 0624 pdx911
 gary  farmer from edwardsville  says hemp is about improving il economy and jobs @ilfarmersunion  @ilstewards
 kinda want to go on a run kinda want to walk my dogs but also kinda want to smoke a bowl
 @jonnyoreg marijuana makes you hungry and chill af  herion is like being wrapped in gods warmest blanket. no one wants to be hungry.
 you know she hood when she smells like weed and hair grease ... yall know exactly what im talking about
 love the question around celebrities amp cannabis brands. helpful tip think about what your product segment is  not who should be the celeb
 stay high my friends fly smoke weed @cannabist 
 this nigga wiz said he learning the game of cultivating weed and hes dressed like hes able to infect the whole 
 not a good time unless i smoke mines 
 i still dont understand why weed isnt fully legal everywhere  especially when it was less harmful than alcoholcigarettes which is legal
 yall fuck niggas dont want no smoke wit bmb....
 ive lost faith multiple times but never for my dreams to come true   so im on it till my bones break down like the weed in my  joints
 facts rt @allyallfake me when i sold my first bag of weed 
 stigmabase | am   antilgbt group opposes medical cannabis dispensary  the pacific justice institute  which has 
 weed makes people happy and relaxed. do yourself a favor and smoke it 
 @mostly50shades smell smoke when you think i turned it amp said no he is mistaken amp smelled his upper lip the guys started cracking up
 @marquezjuan81 weed
 free smoke  anybody want it they can get it no joke
 smoking that gas you smoke that mid
 gtfo aries its only reefer 
 @samthecaptain thanks my mom was a smoker so i was worried it would be stained or reek but it looks clean and smells fine.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 woahdere .. niggas cant even get weed legalized everywhere ... 
 all these snacks but no weed
 all i wanna do is drink smoke and fuck. not in an particular order
 i thinks its fucked up that some ppl think they really know u cuz theyve known about ur existence for a long time and smoked in the past
 dont forget to tune in to @fox24news in 30 mins i strapped the gopro on as i climbed through the smoke on a searc 
 i miss the smoke amp deep conversations but ill settle for a margarita amp swapping secrets illgofirst
 dont smoke that hoe like a cigarette is all i ask 
 somebody smoke with me
 i guess its slow to smoke weed tonight
 dont smoke blizzards wit your friends  youll feel silly and get wild thoughts like innovative amp creative ideas
 who tryna smoke with the kid 
 then weed 
 clear sky gt smoke temperature down 59f gt 47f humidity up 50 gt 54 wind 11mph gt 6mph
 half of my family smokes so im pretty sure my cousins in cali smoke too 
 i wanna smoke a blunt lmao fuck work
 @sensiseeds im a sensei and i smoke bud
 ima sip it till i feel it and smoke it till its done.
 i got a lotta women thats really down for me need a bad one thats gonna roll my weed heeeeyyyy
  happy st. patricks day eat green  drink green amp smoke green 
 your weed man can make your day faster than any drink can
 dont want no negativity in the air  i just want gas smoke in the air.
 medical marijuana has been hyped maybe too much. those are the words our homegrown  freshoutofthebox attorney general  jeff sessions 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2500 mchenry st  send message. 
 idk why i be so excited to go home every single weekend. i do the same shit . sit in the house with the same ppl and smoke 
 i thought for a good 2 minutes that someone broke in to smoke weed w it and thats what had killed it. regardless t 
 i listen to justin bieber when i smoke and i have no idea why 
 i am here for this rant that @eleven8 is on. i have heard so much trash this week. its all uh  yeah  austin tx  smoke some  uh  yeah  yeah
 great way to start off the weedend
 neighbors knockin on the door  asking can we turn it down i say  aint no music on she said  naw  that weed is loud
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 so is drake really gone drop tomorrow or is he blowing smoke again
 im at wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 @opieradio @opieshow old smokie moonshine sponsors blackberry smoke fun fact.
 @rudejude not all irish drink. some of us love the weed happystpatricksday white dawg
 jerseycitylawyer maine delays effective date of antidiscrimination provisions of recreational marijuana 
 i just want to smoke everyday  reminiscing on them times i was broke everyday. annamae
 bitches who say this only smoked a blunt once amp never seen someone die of an overdose 
 cant wait till our dc partnerships are set up so we can help women amp poc. legal cannabis cannot be just for white 
 @johnnymcnulty requires selfawareness he lacks. im sure his minions found a deadbreitbart article saying he smoked her.
 i dont smoke wnobody 
 i did get weed for a whole lot cheaper when i was single
 my manager asked me if i smoke  i said not cigarettes he said yeah yeah then what do you smoke i said the healthy stuff   broccoli 
 drinking weedwacker and taking pics with brockwagner1. thank 
 tempura shrimp taco and smoked brisket taco.  food @ fusion taco 
 u might get smoked like this newport
 nun of the weedmen answered.. ion wanna drive to richie
 sipping on a smoked cherry manhattan over a crisp fire in napa is the perfect pregame to dinner. 
 who wants 2 smoke
 i smell like smoke 
 the insomnia delivery guy just swapped us our cookie order free of charge in exchange for some of our weed.
 hell yeah people sell drugs in 2017 lol... weed  lean  xans  molly  percs  etc. 
 up for no reason so i might as well go watch the sunrise  and smoke a cigar
  somebody bring me some weed back here in these woods
 @hollandmovement neleg you folks took 90 billion from smokers for the 2 chip programs wo spending a dime on smok 
 moving into a new place  unpacking and found a brandon weeden jersey...covered in vomit  describes his browns tenur 
 110 marijuana users become dependent on the drug.... anotherthingilearnedtoday
 need to smoke lol
 the great lie  we have been told that cannabis is bad is just that a lie allnatural 
 its still crazy to me you can just go buy weed legally in colorado except for me bc still not 21 
 im trying to smoke
 honestly i havent smoked a cig and i feel great but im still craving one
 ill be out in my michael khors flats  jcrew outfit pulling the hell out of these weeds listening to techno like rawr orderinthehouse
 beer list at salvage bbq @bunkerbrewingco plils is awesome @ salvage bbq amp smokehouse 
 that moment when youre cooking but you forget youre cooking and next thing you know  the air is filled with smoke and regrets.
 thinking bout changing my car color to a smoke greyyy
 we deserve a smoke break
 @misskendrav   @jfleer actually used smoked paprika.
 can we send april home shes sick  manager april go home  smoke a bowl or something
 oh you smoke all the time but you never have any idea what strain  ok lol lol that og huh 
 my shirt is filled with my dogs hair  but call me ugly cause i smoke  
 alyssa just at a bud of weed at the dinning hall. i cant.
 free smoke is the best track so far tho
 free smoke 
 snares too weak free smoke
 ok holy smokes @ this scene and his visual im sobbing parkhyungsik 
 free smoke free smoke
 today i cleaned my car amp i found 3 lighters  a nug of weed in a bag  4 half drank mango juice bottles amp a unopened pregnancy test
 free smoke
 im def going to smoke after this double
 holy smokes my man in the pink shoes. bet still on. marchmadness ncaatournament
 free smoke was good  rest of album over hyped
 i dont smoke but i like it on everyone else  lmao
 incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions from west hempstead station to new york penn station 
 free smoke
 oh you niggas got jokes free smoke  free smoke.
 somebody come get me and lets smoke
 this is my last day of spring break and im home alone watching weeds  backtomynormallife
 the weed is loud
 ill smoke ya shit amp dip. 
 i have to smoke my last jay to go to sleep 
 the free smoke beat is insane..
 i think my mom would feel better to know i smoke over being an alcoholic lol 
 @baseballcrank @dc37deborah @mikeljollett these folks are the weeds in america the beautiful.
 just want someone that doesnt constantly smoke  drink  party  wanna have sex like its seriously so hard to find that these days.
 enjoyin this bomb ass gyro befor my show. and sharing weed. 
 do you smoke  remixgodsuede this is  lit funnyshit funnymemes lol  cali 
 five years smoke free me got some presents as an achievement reward  and now im ready for 
 free smoke drake is the drake i like
 someone smoke a blunt w ya girl 
 up and at em  list made. compost heap until back gives out weed whack fence lines in barn yard and orchard ours loo 
 free smoke  free smoooooooooookeee
 i wish i had weed
 i havent smoked in 7 days. im so proud of myself
 seriously sound like a smoker from coughing so much. my throat hurts so bad 
 yard work for today is done. chicken on the smoker  time to relax and enjoy the nice weather. 
 if you aint about getting this bag  gtfoh. niggas run to the weed man to smoke a bag  but only 1 stream of revenue for the bag
 why smoke cigarettes when u can smoke weed
 who got some smoke
 how you let the kid fightin  ghostwritin rumors turn you to a ghost oh  you niggas got jokes   free smoke  free smoke
 why spend a bit of money on weed when you can come to venice beach and get a free high from everyone around you
 album is poop but free smoke goes hard
 lmaooo deadass. hits 711 down the street and smokes the blunt on the walk back to the crib  
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do
 gas wat i smoke 
 5 retweets and ill sneak free smoke into my moms wedding reception playlist
 i dont smoke unless im on fire
 busted for da weed
 we gone wake up n smoke us a blunt n fck
 the fact that texas hadnt legalized medicinal  let alone recreational marijuana blew his mind he could barely collect his thoughts
 music and weed
 ima get off for a few and smoke one
 shit is smokedddd
 when you fall for your plugs you tryna smoke trap and then 30 min later 
 uy  that shot would look clean af with some smoke bombs in the background  
 @manojmohan107 oh  i dont smoke.. so u hv an option... follow it.. it may help you.. 
 the smoke just make the music sound 10x better
 @realdonaldtrump the democrats lost 3 times. they are all smoke amp mirrors whiners. no more participation trophies.
 some people dont need to smoke weed. niggas be walking around looking like zombies when they high
 lets turn up on deez bitches... lets smoke something.. lets pop something... wit all deez bitches... @1future voice
 honda has just introduced the versattach ultimate work companion  it whips weeds  cultivates  
 @brunopresents blem  glow  free smoke and do not disturb. havent listened it enough to pick a favorite out.
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @kkaaattyy come over and smoke tonight it will all be okay i promise  you dont need anyone who doesnt need you.
 so my mom found my weed 
 hb1559 engross public health and safety modifying scope of marihuana definition effective date. 
 why smoke it when you could be rich ..  
 dang i thought portland was my fav song on more life but free smoke 
 store 1274 the hempstead  store has a newly assigned   department head of flooring   welcome derron . 
 i just found a random jar of weed in my room 
 imma go to the gym before i smoke so i can actually make it today
 i guess they ask you if you smoke weed at the doctors now 
 i just wanna smoke on the lake while sippin on a daiquiri rn 
 can i smoke with a retainer in or nah
 i drink good  i smoke good
 we just smoked him said @morganwayman as she drag raced a 15 mustang in my 98 oldsmobile but he then proceeds to fly by at 80mph
 i dont smoke weed to turn up  
 spring allows us to start the process of preparing the ground. what does your ground look like full of weeds and old growth
 @123genessee123 genessee love weed so much
 cuz weed rt @ampaveli why would someone put a hot pocket between bread rt @uncletrini fuckin starch sandwich  
 every time we spoke it was a wave of smoke uwslam17 poetrycoalition wecomefromeverything 
 you people dont understand the weed drug is a gateway drug. first your kid does the weed drug  then they worship satan  then the video games
 all i want is to smoke lying down at a beach b
 chain smoker
 @roguepotusstaff so you think the hearings are smoke and mirrors  be clear because you are beginning to sound too ambiguous for belief.
 my mom walk in the house and say why it smell like weed 
 on @wews at 11 gtgt outofstate businessman ready to make green  in parma  urges council to approve legal weed.  
 @relatablerepub dont forget smoker
 free smoke  free smoke ay
 what else did you smoke first 
 @dancontreras7 honestly yes lol. weall just stay in town  smoke one and have a couple drinks while listening to drake
 the song drake sampled at the beginning of free smoke so fire  
 someone come over amp smoke
 if the best weed has like 30 thc.......whats the other 70 
 im really not gunna be able to smoke or drink for like a month ahhahahaha
 hate when he says all i do is smoke weed  bitch i do everything i try everything in life i happen to like this plant marijuana is life
 oh you dont smoke kwasia do i look like i smoke tsew
 got weed but nothing to roll in it 
 you aint never smoked that jet fuuueelll pressure
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation memphis  tn job
 using smoked paprika is 
 free smoke free smoke ay
 fuck that cracka buddy dont want smoke  
 we smoking the finest og tonight  if you smoke and like tacos pull up.
 housemade smoked apple thyme sausage is on the grill. open until 2pm  wed love to see you. 
 you should prob lay off the weed then if you cant differentiate between genes and jeans embarrassing 
 my little cousin on the phone telling me about how she bought weed from her boyfriend and he gave her some crumbs s 
 so much smoke need oxygen
 cant remember the last time i smoked. wow so proud of myself
 icymi   head of cdn task force on marijuana legalization says legal age of 18 amp no to pot sales in liquor stores. 
 @randpaul your an idiot and will be replaced your idea of hc is stupid go smoke some pot and enjoy your last 2 years
 im putting niggas to sleep in the smoke sessions
 theres a smoke detector that wont stop going off and i cant reach it. im sure this will go swimmingly 
 just smoke a blunt or take a shot.  
 so i probably shouldnt have took this benadryl and smoked this blunt.
 @wbap247news @petesessions @chrissalcedotx all that republican interference and smoke around russian collusion makes trump illegitimate
 here jim  smoke one  youre stressing me out wbc2017 
 i swear every night these people smoke weed outside my window and the smell comes through my air conditioner 
 my hotel has to remind folks that smoking weed still counts as smoking. mildlyinteresting @ las 
 theres really people in jail for weed  fucking wild
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 ive been pouring bong water into this plant every night amp im so high i dead ass thought a weed plant started growing 
 @uhmax dawg i havent smoked a cig in 19 days and im still rockin some copd phlem kinda shit
 @greghillwaaf smoke show
 @joshsmoker goooooo smokeem if ya gotem @mets  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2830 overland ave  
 last night i lit off the most anticlimactic smoke bomb and i didnt even wanna wake up this morning bc im so ashamed.
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 usually when i get off work i smoke with bhelsea.. but now that she works idk what to do with my life
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1301 hollins st  violation notice outstanding. 
 i want to buy bud to smoke but ill just save the money for when im in the land of legal weed tomorrow 
 dont stress over my baby girl smoke dope 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   transportation
 new song out now x @lofty305  lofty 305  get it awff prod. by dj smokey link  
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 drinking a ttime by @terrapinbeerco @ smokey cs barbque amp wings   photo
 if we arrested every single kid that was caught with weed  there would be no one left on campus 
 ey lil bih were da weed at  she be throwin pussy i dont need that 
 see our latest napoleon  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 cigarettes gt weed  and its not even close
 you can always count on the strong smell of weed when you pull up to a walmart.
 when chappelle sat down and smoked a cig in the second special...i smiled so hard. thats dave. the fucking best.
 cant wait to get off  smoke a blunt  eat some white castles  and watch greenleaf 
 funny how you have time to go out to dinner amp go smoke weed for hours with friends  but yet i ask you to do your job but youre too busy
 literally smoked him   driving a diesel truck nd flooring it .. be prepared 
 every single time brian loggins passes me in lufkin makes black smoke  i think to myself i wish i was as cool as him
 holy smokes. mistake 
 where there is smoke  is either a fire or a guy with a smoke machine 
 i cant smoke no mid il rather face my own blunt call it what you want but you cant say i smoked that shyt with you
 i need to smoke.
 i lowkey wanna smoke 
 u dont even smoke bruv 
 @hempiorg super badass to have you follow us thank you for supporting cannabis families
 4 cannabisinfused snacks to fuel the mind and body on your next hike | written by @kelrosen edibles mmj   link 
 i.e. i dont think gorsuch would find the commerce clause applies to enforcement of federal drug law in a case of homegrown marijuana.
 free smoke  free smoke .
 this smoke is burning my eyes so much im considering sleeping on my balcony
 ima go take a titty pic and smoke a cig yall have me pressed
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation greenfield  in
 if ratheryouthanme album was weed ita be indica
 how delicious does this look the smoked pouletrouge chicken caesar salad from city club raleigh 
 real life smoke to much 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @4freeukraine @washingtonpost nunescoverup doing liarandcheif bidding  smoke screen russiagate putin taking care of russian citizens
 this weather is perfect to smoke one
 helllllllll no hoes wildinit dont get that serious behind weed 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2600 west fairmount avenue baltimore  send me 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 but they all like they got weed   they got liquor   we wont have to spend no money yall know how hoes be
 not sure about this  drinking a smoke on the port by @jailbreakbrewco at @jailbreakbrewco   
 got weed and food its lit
 twitter netflix music n weed
 more smoke. just wait for the fire 
 smoke good weed w a bad bitch
 crews are on scene of a house fire on 12th  near monterey. heavy smoke and flames are coming from the home. @kq2 
 i almost punched dylan straight in the fucking face cuz i thought he just said ya shannon smokes too to mom
 if there isnt weed in the brownie why am i going to eat a brownie..
 this is rascalina. she eats and smokes on wheels she was supposed to be in an exhibit 
 i wonder why someone in high school might not want to shower with someone of the opposite sex holy smokes where a 
 if you smoke out of a can or a bottle you on yo way to becoming a crackhead 
 @killacalibree off that ganja i be knocked.. comatose state and all lat
 i think my weed be laced with crack
 why are people always judging me based on the fact that i smoke like nigga im not doing crack stfu and hop off
 @tboy45 no  but hungry. a smoked pork butt would cheer me up. @kschoh
 my neighbor is trying to tell me i cant smoke weed on my back porch lol
 if i say dont smoke in my car dont argue with me im the one that gotta drive with the smell in it
 i just wanna smoke 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in brea  ca 
 i like how future says free smoke like free shmoke
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 course 3 hop smoked beef short rib  one but brown braising jus  sweet potato porridge  
 and when im on that smoke im going supper ham
 stop mentioning cole like he want smoke with kendrick. cole wont survive that.
 guess ill just smoke amp go to sleep early 
 @princessleelaah how many blunts did you smoke to do this headass shit 
 i fuck wit smokers n all but im so tired of seeing this chick on my tl 
 i need some fuckin weed 
 free smoke free smoke yeah  free smoke free smoke yeah 
 see our latest danville  va job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 road trip tbts me and a bear in arizona  me in the bathroom of a medical marijuana dispensary in dc  mall mirror 
 drake started saying smoke with an atlanta slang lmao this album is so interesting
 its my mildly scientific conclusion that smokers amp fastfood consumers are the worst litterers. petpeeve litterbugsaretheworst
 oh honey ill smoke you til im dying
 im gonna go eat some weed over here. ill meet you under the dankest meme @jennypysh
 ima smoke me a blunt and skate to the bank ....... suspended license problems
 meet mr. right  made with niagara barrel smoke  elijah craig bourbon  antica formula and chocolate bitters.  
 am i the only one who gotta smoke before they see their bm  lol i just need a calm state of mind
 free smoke free smoke aye
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 my roommate knocks on the door and says he found some weed and offers it to us. my man
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @yassoge i got a low tolerance for weed and bitch niggas
 i need to fucking smoke mayne
 i left weed in my grandmas car oops
 nothing makes me happier than the smoke coming from a freshly popped bottle 
 my smoke sack better than yours.
 yo can i stay @ someones place for the night or weekend  a friend obvi. ill smoke you up if you about it amp we can have a good time
 this party... man i just wanna smoke
 i really cant smoke like i used to anymore maybe its a sign that i need to quit.
 not everyone smokes  how bout a nice kai po sesh  geeeeeez lol 
 everywhere in 5 points smells like weed... idk whether to be happy or scared bc there r so many cops
 one 1 in the morning and i just wanna smoke this blunt 
 im bored amp i just wanna smoke
 @nestooooo ive never smoked a cigarette but i might start after this season
 special benedict for breakfast today amp tmrw until noon. homemade hollandaise  poached eggs amp choice of smoked sa 
 niggas always claiming they got weed but never wanna answer the phone or text back
 it feels bomb out  lets smoke
 someone come smoke w me 
 really just tryna lay in bed amp smoke a dutch amp watch some netflix rn
 i wanna go to the park  take my shirt off  and smoke one with the sun kissing my skin
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 disco tots topped with smoked brisket brisket tatertots brunch newhaven gscia 
 all you vape tank  smokers out there we have these tank concealers that come with an empty tank 
 @kristenthemess yeah cuffed up. they found a knife and some weed inon my bag. i might be dumb 
 retweet if you think weed should be legal for medical use amp like if you think weed should be legal for adult use fo 
 antifa sets fires  throws smoke bombs to attack lawful trump rally 
 free smoke 
 in the garage  i smoke my vape and feel high. weezer
 niggas smoke a lot just to say they smoke a lot
 people who smokes cigs are straight up digusting dont @ me
 i think weed have a good time
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation gastonia  nc job
 @rushlimbaugh jeff sessions is malicious toward all pot smokers  hes malicious toward all pot smokers
 @realdonaldtrump well played mr. president. we have your back. weed them out.
 i recommend smoking at least three marijuanas before watching this 
 let me smoke this gas with my imaginary bae
 @aprilldallas all you need is big exhale of smoke
 i aint scared to take and l but i rather smoke one 
 she swallows the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 nigga woke up from his nap tryna smoke
 bring the henny ill bring the weed its a date
 @flexxgodd bro i been trynna find some weed since 2 . nobody mobile all these fuckin cars out here 
 where da weed @
 i like smokin weed  i like gettin fly  i like havin sex  i like girls who ride
 i smoke so much cuz i cant help but think about all da flawed unloyal shit dat goes on a day 2 day basis... i wish i could not care
 just gonna listen to gorillaz and smoke joints all night lol fuck this shit
 ncat who tryna smoke 
 @gottabezen thanks for rt the post re melania. just finished working wa client that uses cannabis for spasms. ha 
 race cars and weed jars
 im just trying to smoke and chill 
 420... smoke em if ya got em
 i need to smoke so i can sleep.
 did you know medical marijuana can safely take the place of a majority of these nasty pharmaceuticals  and with no 
 even the pancakes are smiling  the blueberry pancake with applewood smoked bacon  maple syrup 
 hair growing like a weed 
 yup. @bonfantimike @fsurich its great. oysters always fresh. but please  if you go  get the smoked mullet. omg h 
 h3180 new relative to youth marijuana use prevention and education 
 celebrating my return to racing after years of a nagging injury @ the little red smokehouse in carver  ma 
 also  smoked porkchops . why waste perfectly good smoke cheflife foodporn @bbqspot 
 i need to finish laundry . i need to smoke a blunt. and i also need a few dabs .
 my weeds seedless my trees leafless 
 free smoke free smoke 
 but dont mind me  im just high again smokin weed to get by again no  actually im lyin cause smokin it got me smilin
 just cause im lit right now anybody wanna smoke pull up all on me 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   transportation
 i wish someone would make a compilation of all the times @jeffreestar has smoked in his videos because that would be cute
 in this big ass uber high as fuck thinking about how high about to get when i get to this weed festival 
 @briankoppelman holy smokes i just learnt that knish was based on a real life person  joey bagels amazing thank god for bk twt just now
 trump in the weeds. perfect 
 dozens of industries in massachusetts could see a boost from legalized marijuana 
 1. went to see logan tonight. park car next to 4 dudes 2025ish year old. all reeking of marijuana  giggling  being dumb but enjoyable.
 if you watched pootie tang and didnt laugh im just assuming you smoke games amp pour the milk before the cereal 
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 when people tell me they cant smoke cuz of probation it makes me so sad for them lol 
 im off tm someone makes plans with me lets smoke n chill 
 wow  even more smoke 
 facetime then we cuddlee.  she dont smoke but love to watch me do it. i be gunnin dont fwm while im smokin i will flame ya ass
 i ball like mcgrady  ion smoke no grade b
 im one of those backcountry athletes that run better on weed and coffee.
 when i start hitting them up for other things other than food  dick  or smoke. 
 powww gtgt canada to legalize cannabis for recreational use in 2018  mfanews canadiancannabis   
 i wanna go for a walk and smoke but the way my neighborhood is set up it makes me want to stay indoors forever
 @biggreenegg whole chicken for smoked chicken salad
 i havent went to the doctor because they be drug testing me but my parents know i smoke so why tf am i scared for lmfaoo
 im looking forward to being back in valpo just so i dont have to smell weed 247
 any girls wanna come over and smoke hookah
 apparently weed will be legal canada wide in july 2018. it better be. i am waiting 
 and weed smh 
 when vegas comes around ima show you east coast niggas what weed is supposed to look like with the cali price.
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked
 the nail tech just told my i smoke weed 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 hell no this was other weed i had lol 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation newtonsquare  pa
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 803999 sarah ann st  send message. 
 havent smoked in 2 days and can honestly say i havent been craving it.
 the monday greens  blended matcha with hemp milk  @vitalproteins  and @renewjuicery herbs  
 bring the smoked salmon to nc @uncbasketball goheels 
 having a canabis cookout 421 .. everything will be made with canabutter  youre all invited 
 milehighmafia presents highart2 smokeout byob  weed wing bowl  papers vs backwoods n a high 
 @mykhaelaar yes keep it up and smoke some grass if all else fails lol
 @tomwatson lets unite around the 98 of issues we already agree on. legalizing hemp is a bit less imp. than say ge 
 oomf just said he doesnt like when girls smoke ig im done smoking lmfaoooo 
 bluejays grilli gets smoked @grillcheese49 fack
 gotta smoke up to get my head right
 i used to fien for weed now its just whenever i have time now
 a good tool to weed out sociopaths 
 girls that smoke are boner killers
 im hurt man  she was 1st to smoke me up amp pmo to weed.. rip
 drink. smoke. sleep. eat. school 
 or they say im addicted to weed  like nah bruh i just like to smoke weed  just how i like to buy make up  i do it cause i like it
 lets deposit weed astroid 2017 @astroidvideos
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing @ wildwood dr  
 thats why they make sure everyone knows theyre alphas  because they dont want no smoke  they dont want no issue.
 at this point in my life  i cant date someone who wont smoke with me. it wont work.
 if you seriously 100 like the chain smokers please fucking block me this instance i dont need that negativity in my life ever
 i dont smoke but i take a puff   been crushing on you since you had braces yeah 
 felt like drake last night. thought i was gonna od off the weed
 @martyflagg trump is definitely a constitutional crisis. i call him the blow smoke and mirrors potus.
 bill to decriminalize marijuana in texas clears first big hurdle 
 opened tree maintenance request via iphone at 4930 3rd st  remove weeds from tree well. 
 i do what i want so i smoke too much marijuana
 didnt even know guy fieri had a smoke house in louisville. 
 guns down  weed up  mary jane said she needs love
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 why dont ppl that smoke ever like to go tf outside and smoke no you not smoking in my house
 my math professor definitely smokes weed
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 same shit different day i work hard and smoke my tooka when im off
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 300 south catherine street baltimore  send me 
 i havent smoked a cig since sunday 
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 we smoke pearls ova heree
 making an @applemusic playlist to smoke weed and vibe to  lonelystoner lovinglife happy 
 drinking a blueberry by @uplandbrewco @ smokers palace iii  
 i wanna sleep so bad ..  i havent in at least a week  i also havent smoked in a week ... hmmm  there it is
 what it smoke alarms emitted a human like scream and swore and were sarcastic
 i hate when my brother smoke in my car bruh 
 my mum tells me to stop smoking weed cause im becoming too thin.... hah. yeah if weed was the issue id be a stick by now 
 havent smoked in 3 months .. am i even me anymore 
 @rbcafela if you dont make your own smoked meat i could use help on a us source.....been trying for 12yrs to source it in memphis.
 @donlemon rice was a political appointee and should not be unmasking pol opponents. talk about smoke and fire. @cnn
 my uber smells like weed 
 i dont inhale my weed i swallow it 
 @cheechandchong it swirls smoke into a vector tornado down yer larynx into yer lungs in a brain exploding hurricane 
 who wanna go to one stop and smokey toke
 my mom said it smelled like chocolate and weed in the car haha
 thc vs. cbd is an obvious distinction among most people who smoke weed. however  youd be 
 @elilake @evanmcmullin not in this case  cunt. you are a smoke and mirrors cunt  arent you
 sometimes they sit in my parking lot amp stare at me. like bruh im just trying to smoke my cigarette  drink my coffe amp take my break.
 hey guys  lets smoke in a place heavily populated with police 
 i usually get high amp fall to sleep but damn i smoke so much it dont phase me anymore 
 niggas do too much for a little weed like it aint that important yall flaw as hell
 i love weed bro
 i need to smokeeee fuck the bs tired of stressing 
 its called marijuana. it manages the pain of life in general.
 i want love jones and wine and sweet smelling smoke and candle light dancing and soft sheets and laughter and a shared playlist and ......
 wake up a hour earlier  try not smoking weed before working  try working instead of talking  try earning instead of begging.
 holy smokes what the heck 
 first mt. dilishi run is tonight weedoggie during the spring and summer  the first wednesday 
 my mom goes id rather have u smoke cigs than weed..... lmao what
 but he wont legalize weed 
 goodmorning to everyone except those who think weed is bad for you
 if youre about to smoke hmu its that simple
 holy smokes. what a prologue im officially hooked. you werent kidding @sfillner @alistandish incredible writing 
 light that smoke for giving up on me and one just cause theyll kill you sooner than my expectations
 clear shit up iont sell weed i smoke the shit   an i smoke the best shit an if i feel like sharing ill hyu an say i got bud on deck
 this is some smokin weed. @wickedweedbeer turns out slew of great brew. craftbeer 
 i love it when that call me big poppa and i only smoke blunts if they rollled proper
 some random kid just spit into the wind and it smoked me in the face. thats how good my day is 
 i probably smoked with your girl but i aint hit cause i was toooo high 
 i need me a baddie who smokes just as much as me and likes the same type of music 
 when you find out your not allowed to smoke during the sat 
 @stephenathome holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 note that marijuana law only applies to people who are 21 and older
 can someone please buy me this fucking bottle oh my fuck ill smoke a blunt w you
 @rudzki im wondering what the political landscape looks like when the smoke clears and the rest of us rise from the ashes like a phoenix.
 me do you smoke weed  uber driver not anymore  me get out
  red hemp yarn  55g 100yds  wool and hemp 2ply  @ebay
 if anyone really thinks a call of duty movie is going to do well in theaters then they have clearly been buying too many weed skins for guns
 its masters week in augusta  and many @rockypatelcigar will be smoked  the new 55 
 i be missin smoking... but i dont actually wanna smoke 
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 6800 block of n edgewater st  portland  or portland fire rp17000026725 1702 pdx911
 when the weed brownies on point 
 two shots no smoke 
 poppin pills not my thing but ill smoke tf out a blunt witchu
 do you smoke hundreds to choose for himher under 20 @  shopsmokeboxes zachnelsonmusic 
 who wannna smoke 
 @senatorschickel @kymedassoc @boonecountyky need to get medical cannabis legalized the data has been here lets wake up ky
 come over n smoke w me
   notmyheaven @ weed city 
 for instance if your family has a history of cancer but you smoke
 wish i had a late night smoke partner  but i stay up too late lol
 30min smoke sesh with yall  enjoying the goods from @frequentv  with @lindseydean143 vibe with us vibeon   
 i cant smoke amp go to public places bc ill laugh at little things no one else realizes amp i look like an idiot 
 ion even smoke all like that anymore but i definitely feel like i need it rn k
 should i smoke tonight or in the morning 
 what the heck is this show now holly smokers another show with fat people rating what skill does this show take ao many dumn shows 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 550 south bentalou street baltimore  send mes 
 see our latest cincinnati  oh job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 smoke. lots and lots of smoke. 
 im trying to smoke  he need to hurry back w. the drugs 
 recent releases etcrecords  @fessgrandiose digi limited smoke black cassettes  @rondelladams freezrock digital 
 limited release wicked weed brewing rubus viola barrel aged sour fermented with boysenberries and violet. 1 per cus 
 this man smokes gars on the regular and hes still  
 how can u get gum cancer by chewing gum while u smoke
 im really about the have to buy my own weed for the first time
 @scientistmel im doing a few science experiments with cannabis right now  yes the results are in  you actually feel better after smoking it
 i smoke my blunt and forget about raggedy ass hoes.
 happythorinthursday  cold and rainy here so have spent a quiet day weeding out clothes.  wt loss is fabulous. off 
 i really love hempz self tanner fam
 got some real weed....
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 36 south culver street baltimore  
 20170420 seattle  wa  united states cuccis spooky weed  
 730 we goin in wit @zackhaarp n backwoods @ happy clouds smoke shop 
 about to smoke amp do my hw .
 when the smokeshow goes to sit next to you but is off by one row 
 @tweedinc are u going to be able to add more weed before 1pm for those who still need to order amp couldnt until today cause your sold out
 colorado has a plan to avoid a marijuana crackdown by president trump 
 ff thanks to friends who promote cannabis education @mmjbillboard @abiroach @collinswilbert @greenthumbone 
 industrial hemp presents a major opportunity for our state  wiright wiunion wipolitics
 asheville brewing  blackberry smoke benefit brew released friday  @ashevillebrewin @blackberrysmoke @shepherdsmen
 regardless i dont look at weed as a  drug  but in reality it is..
 i need to smoke asap
 deadass just want to smoke and sip in a comfortable zone with dim lighting  jazzy tunes and good company tonight
 bitches are wild  weed has never made me want to have sex.. ever omm
 smells like weed in dee hall smh at that
 so what if you dont smoke.... no knowledge   
 i know i ranted last night already but that guy couldnt even smoke out of a pipe... he kept burning himself. like how sad 
 i need to smoke like now 
 class is done for the weekend. i guess ill smoke a bowl  watch californiacation amp take a nap.
 cant relate to anything to do with or anybody who smokes weed regularly. why tf would i ever want to do something to make myself more lazy
 we all smoke  its ok i love it  
 if i smoke this blunt im gone forget you
 u dont even smoke
 im annoyed bro. i need to smoke
 my mom straight up just came and made me smell her weed cause she thinks its so good 
 all these corny ass springfield niggas always tryna rep gangs  smoke and chill w ya gay ass niggas fytb
 all i smoke is killer.. yo bitch look like thriller.
 what if doctors asked you do you smoke drink or sniff lmao
 niggas getting smoked ampamp bitches turnt out
 i havent been to smokey bones in awhile
 my mother  guess what...im buying a lot of marijuana stocks trumps president and sue suddenly is pro drugs imdone whatislifeanymore
 im glad i got my own car and can roll my own weed huhhhhh
 i know it might sound bad but sometimes i need a smoke break 
 fan girling axiom @ smoke jazz club 
 @apaigeeee do people not understand this was a maximum security prison. they werent there for weed they were there for some fucked up shit.
 someone talk to me while i smoke
 @xp317 head coach of what rapping or weed smoking
 id smoke with the tl fasho
 i would save so much money if i stopped smoking weed
 you a laaaaaaaaaaaame .. amp yo bitch break down my weed sometimes
 me and mickey are getting cannabis infused massages in barcelona
 i need pussy and weed ugh
 whole room smoked out
 someone wanna come smoke this joint w me i just need papers
 today is my final day smoking weed  i am truly hurt by this but i will be fine
 i smoke my weed  eat good amp mind my business.
 why do guys think offering to smoke their weed with me is gonna impress me you look like a sucka cause now ima scam you
 this that smoke and cuddle weather.
 opened report via iphone at 19 asticou rd  jamaica plain  please cut weeds. 
 update incident on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to after exit 40 i90 ...httpst.cocu8cmjelps
 backwoods overload dont like to smoke them swishers hoe 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1000 bonaparte ave 
 @jacquesjazz44 phil smoke meat 
 everybody smoke 
 im rolling weed thats fuckin up the ozone i got a bitch that text me she aint got no clothes on 
 do soulja boy not know he gotta be in shape for a fight boy smoke every night
 @myrudy321 just smoke and mirrors 
 ugh how do people smoke cigarettes constantly it smells so bad
 i wish someone just wanted to bring me weed and food. thatd be fun
 i just want to smoke amp drink with some real good people tonight. thats it.
 i used to get high every day. but since i been with mal ive only smoked like 3x lol
 say she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed 
 why do people smoke cigarettes  
 dont stress over me babygirl smoke dope
 as i sit here and smoke this blunt  i realize i got a lot of people mad at me  men and women but  oh well  it does not matter to me
 do i look like the smoker type 
 if its not weed i dont wanna do it.
 enjoying a smoked rosemary manhattan made tableside at david burke prime. lovemyjob @ david 
 at blue smoke of dallas  the art of smoking  dallascigarartqueen  smokingnow smoking cigar cigars 
 my roommate is wasted and just gave me weed. 
 smoke a whole lot a weed pass out with a box of pizza on me 
 @livepd asksticks do all police smell weed in cars they pull over or walk up on
 and karina and casey and daniel and ohana of course and all yall holy smokes tmhs has talent
 spanish dudes could be broke ugly no life drugged out smoked out no job and still have a cute ass girlfriend
 children are dying because they cant get a cannabis treatment. we can do better than this
 i sit back and smoke my smoke  be thicker than a twitter hoe
 @nkowakeup revivaldc @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 we have smoked veggie kabobs on our catering menu. are there other veggie items youd like to 
 all i want is weed and the beach
 @acehigh i was just thinking the same thing. i was just remembering the other day when we smoked cigs in front of someones house and
 havent smoked weed all week
 he put me to work tell me to roll his weed up amp i bett not roll a skimp
 girl took my hat in a circle....so i smoked her.
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 @dagenmcdowell @foxnews   off subject do you advise investing in legal marijuana im to pretty to go to jail.
 over here tryna decarboxylate weed
 i need girl friends to smoke with
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 if you dont weed out the wrong people from your life  youll never meet the right ones. find people that feed you and not just need you.
 binged watched this entire show yesterday. reminds me a bit of weeds mixed with pushing daisies but much darker. 
 brunch time new cocktails. same delicious food. shoutout to the pile of applewood smoked bacon 
 i really despise when women smoke in front of their small babies. i just cant deal  maybe its just because i was born with asthma lol .
 the curried up pig.... smoked shoulder seasoned with curry and topped with tomato cucumber  feta  and yogurt spread 
 only trap can have @xavierwulf and @smokepurpp smoking swishers. i roll them double  and fill them with a 18th of weed and a gram of oil
 in no way am i succesful rn but all i see are these motherfuckers hooping and smoking weed and trapping. shit annoys me.find your potential.
 the police pulled me over like its weed on my lip
 blow smoke in your bitch face idgaf
 howwww did i lose a lighter when all i did was smoke amp go straight to sleep
 dont let this weed hold you back from your full potential
 @marcorubio sen bradley is pushing the vertical model big business only sen brandes is for open market med marijuana we want you for brandes
 some awesome is about to start cooking for tomorrows game smoked pork @webergrills wsm superbowl 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes available   job
 @icutyolawnduhh warm smokey eye
 cant remember the last time i went 24 hours without smoking  weed just be finding its way to me
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 i wanna burn with my parents so bad. it would be the greatest smoke sesh ever.
 lil kodak told me on only smoke dat broccoli  fuck dem hoes get money my philosophy  
 when people ask why i like to smoke a lot but not drink............................ im just like  r u fuckin dumb
 i wana smoke 
 im just gonna smoke some hookah and sip and get outta my feelings asap
 i smell weed everywhere lol
 holy smokes this place rules. @ flashback toys and collectibles in reno  nv  
 im tryna smoke and drink and get some food rn 
 @benjaminhyduke im not saying that getting cited for possession of weed class 3 misdemeanor is good. but if 3 osu players get nada
 wtf is wrong with me...  i bought a pack of smokes. epicfail
 tryna smoke naked come tip 500 to watch linkinbio 
 bitch talkin bout smoke lmao i cannot be beefin wit these high schooler lemme stop and continue to keep it kute
 @ sober madison  thnx for leaving me chips amp queso for after i smoke.  bless up.
 nigga gotta bad headache nun a lil weed cant fix 
 @notixx link up and smoke mad weed 
 @nmonae lmao myself but its too cold to smoke
 remember that time you held the blunt for like 10 minutes and just let it burn... i never wanted to smoke w u again 
 lil smoke left im bouta roll it up
 whos weed mans is this lmaooo 
 another great night at the weed  aaronwatson @ tumbleweed dancehall amp concert venue 
 i dont think ill ever smoke again as much as i did last summer
 hey elizabeth. you think you can get me a deal on a carton of smokes  next time youre in az
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes available   job
 ol stinky ass cig smokers
 @stra8coolin  all i smoke is dutches 
 @swadekartel @only1tynajah make sure that shit some gas too we dont smoke no bullshit
 we listen to gospel amp smoke weed at the crib with no shame 
 finally weed is in my system 
 going through my vintage book collection to weed some out. but there are some i simply cant let go of. 
 i need to smoke
 pork belly  smoked asada  fish tacos  curried shrimp and vegan chorizo at grapes amp grains in barrington til 5pm. 
  let it smoke  let it smoke   hit the blunt till its a roachhhhhhh. let it smoke   let it smoke  till you cant hold it in anymoreeee 
 i have to smoke like im in a hotel  in the bathroom  with the shower on steamy hot lol
 when ur cousin smells like weed amp you dont smoke 
 become an old wisconsin smokehouse ambassador. click here to sign up 
 secure the bag. @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq in long beach  ca 
 aye come smoke if you smoke  match a l and some shots of henny
 bro who trying to smoke before the game hit my line
 my neighbors house smells like weed. im
 @elizabethcargi2 lol i ate and smoked and got a slushie im good now.
 i cant wait to get home i aint smoked all damn day
 i smoke pot and jerk off to atheistic gay porn while cutting myself through yoga pants and reading from the quran 
 chris griffin definitely smokes weed
 chicken nuggets and marijuana all i need
 look  guys  smoking weed is rad  but i would really like a variety in my snap stories
 i need smokes 
 asking my coworker if he wants kids no we have a dog  two cats  a snake and a weed plant and thats already to much for us
 guess  ill smoke this l and tease my atl ppl for their loss 
 lol im chillin tho .. all i smoke is killah
 i wanna smoke
 i jus smoked a blunt w ya girlfriend  
 ohhhhhh well mo weed for me 
 kinda wanna smoke but dont wanna ride my bike to the gas station
 @beckyquick @hulkhogan @darthputinkgb @putinrfeng @realdonaldtrump @usnavy @ironmaiden  going on smoke break @kingmarliedave @beckyquick
 you know its going to be a great day when you wake up go to work and a lady blows smoke all over you
 if you are planning a pollinator friendly garden in maine  you may need some weeds... 
 smokin flakka you a jackass  all i smoke is gas 
 wyd 10 min after you smoke this 
 ive never seen a robber get smoked so fast 
 mondaze  lol wah skipmonday monday mundays mundayfunday @ prime time smoke shops 
 after work im sparking up not one  not two  but three fattys and i cant smoke them all by myself 
 friends that look crusty and smoke together on facetime  stay together  @jessicahayes20 
 h0207 new an act relating to therapeutic use of marijuana for relieving symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder 
 my mouth tastes like weed and metal and my stomach hurts so bad uh ok
 jus tryn wake @drevv up  smoke her out  then take her to eat but shed rather sleep 
 @thenickmanzione shouts to @grovestreet2x for the smoked brisket doe
 ill still out smoke niggas factsonly
 i cant fw a female that dont smoke weed
 i had an allergy test done today and i came back positive for hemp
 ya mcm smokes weed cause he thinks its cool 
 whoever reads this book im writing is going to think im on all the drugs. theres a massive jeweled bird and a talking face made of smoke.
 follies  phipps  i smoke a zip raf simons on  yeah and my gas strong
 smoking everyday gt being a bum that doesnt smoke. 
 but id this not the same exact issue that rec marijuana is facing now its still illegal federally but states hav 
 i wanna smoke a blunt and plot a milli on ya
 def. burges and would quit going to school after mid sophomore year to go smoke weed w her friends 
 well if ndog gave a fuck aboutta bitch id always be broke id never have no mothafuckin endo to smoke 
 shitty day but at least weeds legal.
 pol pot smoker softenabadguy @midnight
 @asukager exhales smoke out of both my mouth and nostrils approvingly
 gave beej a kahla chocolate after he smoked his faces were priceless
 decisions  decisions...  whats your favorite  the brats of the day are the hickory smoked apple cinnamon  and the 
 i smoked a whole o this week 
 i cant fucking wait to get off work so i can smoke
 once  my dad asked if i smoked  and when i asked  smoke what he yelled cigarettes
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 16 east fort avenue baltimore  send message. 
 @thehill if warrens party had smoked the peace pipe with sessions a week ago  he wouldnt be there to vote for betsy devos.
 been trying to find someone to smoke with since last night lmfao. smokin alone is so damn dry 
 109yearold veteran drinks whiskey and smokes cigars nearly everyday  and hes still going strong. he even drives.  
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   columbia  sc
 i mustve been out of weed on this day 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4712 parkside drive baltimore  
 oh for fucks sake the pothead next door moved out after last semester why does the whole building smell like weed again
 i wanna smoke so bad cause im stressed tf out bt i aint gone do it that aint nothing bt the devil 
 she roll the weed n she dont even smoke
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1830 west franklin street baltimore 
 smoking weed doesnt make me a bad person just like how going to church doesnt make you a good a person.
 saw the smoke all the way from dhs  
 somebody point me to the marijuana. like now  and im not talking bout no trashhh
 @ogkadin smoke one lagged yesterday
 @davidsaldana98 @ogkadin your not down if you smoke ill pick you up facts
 overtime...holy smokes. sports  ladies and gentleman. you just never know.
 anyone tryna smoke a blunt
 i dont want no cute shit lmao. just cuddle with me and we can smoke good dope 
 smoking weed feels a little bit like huffing bondo
 @thetrumptrain his social regime went up in smoke by dems peoples
 all i smoke is killa | yo bitch look like thrilla
 feel free to come smoke a blunt someone
 really really want to smoke rn. 
 i like weed more than liquor  its safer
 @wentworthweedle @cloneclubaus  weedle im not comfortable with your sass
 shorty i smoke foreign flavors 
 i sleep in polo clothes i wake up with 4 hoes  my lungs is filled with smoke  feel like im on a boat
 @pinkmaggottt @seethasigns just start rapping jerel  u smoke weed so u have a start
 if you cant put me in a studio for 3 months with a pound of weed and no responsibilities but to make music i dont want your record deal
 i ran outta weed so i keep standing up too fast on purpose tryna catch a light headed buzz 
 @transit22 what was first track you did with geeze in brooklyn something about weed and laser tag
 only ppls who watched weeds get the legendary reference
 @rihanna i dont need i did bleed so i plant my seed do a good deed medicinal weed maybe baby dont play me slay me dont want be a savage.
 why my soldiers cry smoke a blunt then wipe my eyes but it is okay cus im a hoodlum till i die @blackkray 
 rule 19 needs to go away. time to clear the smoke and mirrors letliztalk rule19nomore
 our smoked salmon scrambler is made with cream cheese  red onion  tomato  and smoked salmon try 
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway nb from exit m6e  southern state parkway to exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike
 see our latest aiken  sc job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer...  
 hopefully they can weed out the fake ppl too. lol.there should be a consequence when you intentionally report fake 
 @smokedza happy bday kush god. you know i got that dont smoke rock on all day. rightttttt 
 @dailysanfran stop the ban on drugs marijuana is actually legal it just hasnt dried on the booksyet
 soooo what you telling me is yall weed man not gay  or that gay thugs dont exist ... causeeeeee baby ... its 201 
 starting not to want to smoke out of anything but woods bruh
 and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1831 north gay street baltimore  send message. 
 someone adventure w me and smoke an l
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5930 the alameda baltimore  
 i love gettin tree tree smoke kush get head by keke
 let sick people have medical marijuana  via @wistatejournal medicalmarijuana science marijuanaheals research
 only broke bitches be pressed over weed amp gas money.
 house smoked brisket with candied peppers pickled onion and queso fresco .  hopslam on tap 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 21822298 duker ct 
 phoenix arizona where the weed at
 someone take me to dinos for a smoke up
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 214 collins ave  building material 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 115 s augusta ave  trash in backya 
 hit this weed it might calm you down 
 have you stopped by the pharmacy lately  search us on weedmaps and let us know how your visit was  lt3 
 30 minutes left in the shift and you need another smoke break... okay  cool
 if you smoke blacks these are a better alternative 
 if i dont smoke hookah today i might die 
 toledo hemp center tv commercial @wendys parody wherestherelief hemphopgrannies @woodyharrelsonn @droz  hemp 
 @ouryoungaddicts alcoholawareness pm justin trudeau smokes potcanadas leader
 there goes two generations of progress up in smoke with the confirmation of sessions. f u c k @dnc you have work to do. resist
 running off of coffee and weed. im unstoppable
 i need somebody to come get in my car and smoke with me while i drive around aimlessly
 how do we know gorsuch isnt in cahoots with trump  and his demoralizing statement about @realdonaldtrump s tweets are a smoke screen
 @cnn how can our nation sit and watch these immigrants from mexico bring in all there marijuana  cocaine meth and watch them destroy us sad
 the weed one is so funny lmao 
 smoking weed puts me in a chill state  of mind
 you got a marijuana belly piercing  what you smoke weed now    dianna no  i got it cause it was on clearance  i cant with her
 some dude at smokedale just got his card rejected tryna buy whippets rip
 life is better when you smoke 
 just wanna smoke before bed but not outside
 who has a blunt and wants to get smoked out  
 irl im just trynna smoke
 i have one hour to smoke as much pot as i can before its kaputo for the night because surgery in the am
 i dont like weed. im against it. i know way more about pharmaceuticals than you. youre an idiot  im literally a pharmacy student
 bone thugz n harmony weed song   lets smoke ive got to get high
 damn im tryna smoke a blunt
 i dont smoke. amp if i did smoke i wouldnt smoke a blunt i would hit the bong one time and sleep my problems away bye 
 lmfao oh yea huh. smoke me out now  
 been up since 230am. cleaned my room. now its time for a smoke break amp fifa.
 wish i had a cuddy buddy to smoke n cruise w after these 12s 
 my aunty finna get her ass put out on da way 2 brandon mall talkin bout i cant smoke amp turn my music down  she gotta go
 @johntempletips thank you i need a good smoke and a jam session
 im not sitting around looking stoopid trynna fig out where my next blunt too smoke for the day coming from yeaimhappy
 everybody look at him as a smoked out thug   but i look at him as my thug 
 i would love weekly drug testing for representatives amp senators. i know two government officials in wisconsin who smoke weed. draintheswap
 @gozergozarion and if a remember   you dont cotton to weed. where are you from with this reference to cotton p
 how you doing charlotte  im lost  i dont know what im doing  and i want to go outside and smoke a cigarette.  goodtalk icc
 she smoke black n milds. she steal 
 liquor weed amp fucking often
 im at smokestack in san francisco  ca 
 @caitlinlohse @cloudn9nesyrup too bad i cant smoke 
 this my fellow peers is why you dont smoke bathsalts. 
 to my future kids if i find weed in your room  im smoking it.
 lol this smoke sesh is really what im looking forward to
 the weed help me think betta  it put me in a vibe 
 smokers will still be saying they dont smoke
 @blackinamerica @gattichild edwin you said you couldnt smoke 
 @mjstocksdaliy in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 just found out our neighborhood won an xmas light decorating contest now pharr pd is blocking the street and bbqing. im jus tryna smoke lol
 just told my parents i smoke weed  i think it went pretty well 
 i dont believe there are any legitimate arguments for why cigarettes are legal and marijuana isnt
 holy smokes  halfway sold out on my joanne pins on the 1st day act fast these are going quick 
 uber eats but no uber weed lmaoooooooooooo wtf  lmaoooooooooooooooo
 the weed here is spectacular
 @vanhuffer when i smoke meth i get like half a hit in and die
 sip a little jack  maybe smoke a little dro. love ya from behind but i hate to see ya go.
 bro lmao @valaaaaryj christa the what kind of weed is this head ass lmao 
 i dont need weed to get me high  she does that.
 i dont smoke ciggerettes tho
 send him to my brothers to smoke him out and make him get sooo high hell never smoke again lol 
 free smoke  anybody want it they can get it no joke  call up landlord  nigga thats bro
 @pervertedcreep every serious smoker i know whos done it comes back definining it as an allencompassing too fucking much
 this weed so good i can taste it amp i didnt even light the joint yet
 @iansmadison ianspizza smoked brisket amp tots pizza 
 butch henderson smokes marlboro reds
 itd be lowkey lit if hookah bars put cannabis in hookah instead of tabacco
 i dont even smoke  
 aint no way theres weed in there 
 when i smoke this blunt imma forget about you
 you know that nigga smell thats like smoke and cologne 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 2838 riggs avenue baltimore  larg 
 ppl really smoke this shit like...forreal forreal 
 i turn into the incredible hulk  when i cant smoke smh.... im tryna do better
 my car smells like weed amp blak ice 
 @lnorton @kevinjsanders @almightybam lee what you smoke this morning
 @speedweed what does your perfect cannabis party look like
 niggas dont really smoke xanax do they. please tell me niggas aint smokin xanax. somebody please. 
 fwm and get smoked or fwm and smoke too
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 605 springfield avenue baltimore  send messag 
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  im smoke brocoliiiii 
 but why can no one smoke when i want to
 myvalentinein4words i want a weed sack.
 why u smoke so much 
 still high from the first blunt i havent smoked in 8 months
 first annual comixer with noteflight amp soundtrap at tmea2017 going on right now @ smoke 
 why the fuckkkkk am i with someone who cares more about weed than me lol i can not wait to move the fuck out and never look at him again
 tonights hog plate... chicken fried smoked pork steak whos hungry yall micdrop 
 just posted a photo @ moat mountain smoke house amp brewing co. 
 my mom just said indica is like in da couch talking about weed im done
 i got the best weed out here. believe that.
 in lancaster  rishell with his 2nd goal of the game. township regains the lead on hempfield  21 at 836 of the second. cpihlplayoffs
 i do not sleep so i got me a freak just to stay up n i cannot eat so i got some weed roll a j up
 slick could sit outside with a black queen and enjoy nature tonight and smoke on a nice cigar. but you know lol
 periscope may have to wait. maybe getting a fire call for mutual aid to levitown. levitown has call from smoke coming from my house...
 if you got a car and willing to hotbox in yo shit. i got three blunts ill smoke you out on
 told the dr im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 should i smoke this joint by myself or yell up the stairs for dalton
 you females smoke with any and everybody. it was never that serious. k
 no matter what... if you smoke or not.... if youre in wells fargo... youre high
 dont stress over me baby girl  smoke dope
 go smoke a fucking joint and drive off a bridge
 give me weed instead of roses and lets see where this goes 
 wanna smoke 
 niggas want smoke wit me in fifa right now idk why  but fuck it gotta handle
 every scene makes more sense if you assume that oz smoked a bowl immediately before entering. thegreatbuffyrewatch btvs
 i need to smoke smh
 fuck smoke amp chill still my favorite song
 fell asleep with a blunt rolled but meant to smoke it. oh well  that wake n bake about to be nice. perso 
 shit imma be a weed model 
 lowkey scared to get out of my car cause theres a group of people outside getting smoked...
 @samjaouni bout to smoke a blunt and be adventurous 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 im at southside smokehouse amp grille in landrum  sc 
 sigma chis are my favorite kind of guys lt3 another smoker for the books @codecainn 
 when ppls geeked up asses would leave weed at my exs house he used to just give it to me  then complain that i smoke too much
 dont stress smoke a blunt
 postyourquenn weed.
 if any of you see a fire take a picture and send it to elizabethwarren and ask her what is the smoke saying. @anncoulter @debbieschlussel
 good weed and cold drinks  thats the mother fuckin recipe
 this weed fest is unorganized as hell stoners
 spurs fans leaving @mulliganshq after getting smoked by liverpool. thfc lfc @shalomshuli 
 8 sexy cigars to smoke before  during  and after sex  via @cheaphumidors @kelmo1567
 drinking a doc porter smoke stout by @lennyboybrew @ lenny boy brewing  
 bih i smell like dolce amp gabbana amp some weed
 its 75 degrees here headed to porch to smoke my 880 jfr lunatic @cigarartqueen @briiicarter @cigarweekly 
 so weed dont slow u down and make u feel sluggish and absentminded 
 everybodylovesraymondbossiercity @ silver star smokehouse amp saloon 
 quick smoke break and back in the studio @ tampa  florida 
 when you faded faded af at a restaurant and hear someone say that it smell like weed. 
 poutine in berkeley californie. with family thebay smokespoutinerie @ smokes poutinerie 
 i want 2 smoke dutch
 nothing like a nice cab and smoke torano vault red cabernetsauvignon cigar cigars 
 all im looking for is someone thatll lay in bed for hours and just smoke bongs and watch stupid netflix shows with me.
 @ircncc what did you smoke 
 nice smokey malt. every so often a little molasses shows up too.... mister stout  2017  photo
 i need weed
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 im sorry but i thought it you were pregnant you couldnt smoke cigerettes
 i used to dj by just playing a prerecorded mix on cassette. id hang out outside and smoke and go inside to flip the tape every 45 minutes.
 finna smoke this jayyyy solo..... born alone die alone head aaahhh
 the office is 10x funnier when youre high amp the fact that i cant smoke is bothering me... but i made this decision 
 should i eat weed
 all day yesterday i ate  one slice of pizza  i took 6 shots of henny in like 45 minutes and smoked  i was gone 
 this reminds me of when frank and monica smoked nanas ashes 
 no doubt shes smoken an its not weed 
 cause shes high. weed is not a social high 
 i honestly just wanna smoke good eat good and lay up today 
 y is weed in cali so goid
 i wish i was cool enough to post snapchat stories and instagram pictures of myself getting drunk and smoking weed.
 brandons dad smoked all my fucking keef from my grinder smfh
 @lordsmitteous grilled up some thick cut iowa chops yesterday and added a little pecan wood smoke. love went the weather cooperates
 so many girls on tinder just for friends matching with me this is hilarious and they literally all just want people to smoke with 
 smoking weed keeps me sane
 trying to smoke tonight fr. 
 imma pray for those girls who smoke. confess to me .
 now im forced to turn 2 grams into one blunt cause this nigga aint bring no weed
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 im in middle of shit i aint even know   was talking about weed 
 drinking a hemp pale ale by @dangerousman7 at @dangerousman7  
 my bday getty best saturday best smoke out bday getty hmu for detail. hmu or @yrnjuice to pre order edibles. 10 dol 
 white ppl smoke camel crushers 
 i done smoke weed where they say i cant  got rich when they said i cant
 purple weed and thick latinas 2017
 if im not getting smoked out n kissed on on tuesday then valentines day is cancelled forever
 smoke good weed wit a bad bitch 
 who trying to chill and smoke or something
 need a smoke for that one lol
 when i hear their happiness is all smoke and mirrors  it makes me feel bad.
 if everything works out...going to the smokey mountains for a relaxing spring break with @brookenelson05 and 
 the best time to get advice from your home girls or niggas is in a smoke session 
 i get to attend my first cannabis cup 
 @evanmcmullin exactly but who knows whats really going onall smoke and mirrors
 @275yungsimmie holy smoke so god damn
 when you dont need no weed man cause you yo own plug gtgtgt 
 weed prices have gone done so much since ive smoked  i got in at the right time
 havent smoked in like 2 weeks  went through an eighth in like.... 6 hours today tho  hahahahaha
 ima just smoke til i cant think anymore 
 smh i smoked all my weed earlier n have none to smoke to sleep 
 @lordtrachet like already weeded out high school people  irvine friends need to be cut immediately 
 ok  smoke n sleep. night  yall. 
 juss gonna smoke this blunt to the dome
 people using medical marijuana drink less and gobble fewer pain pills @alternet 
 if you smoke crack once does that always make you a crack head
 i applaud the commitment to focus on the west side omc smokehouse opens wednesday in lincoln park 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 you kissed the taste back in my tongue  you sucked the smoke out of my lungs and then we slept for days and days an 
 tryna smoke... 
 this man grew dreads  smoked a little  watched anime  thought about life  amp said fuck it im out allpowertohim 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 the wonders of hemp oil. hempoil  reologystudio homesteadhousepaintco diy lancastercity @ 
 @j3ssir smoke pot
 my clothes always reek of smoke after home health visits. one of us needs to change and im pretty sure its the smoking habits 
 see our latest austinburg  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 bro.. whenever you wanna slid and get big smokey w the kid  your always welcome 
 i think i shared a cigarette with that girl the night before. i dont even smoke. wut
 i dont know how to roll a joint very well but still smoke like a bigboy
 @brendonkuhn i heard the weed was good out there
 still havent made your valentinesday  plans yet  join us for smoked oysters on half shell sendtwitteravalentine 
 @oopzallberryz happy birthday  fam if i had a way to get to the bay id smoke you out today gang but have a blessed birthday yee
 you cant smoke w us
 @wexboyvalue hempton blocked me because i challenged him.  he talks out of both sides of his mouth on hlf.  see 
 love weeds sounds like half pot half roofie. bobsburgers
 smoke so much  that smokey tha bear.. have to bear with us
 who got them weed brownies or bookies
 im always wondering why im tired and feeling like shit but all i do is stay up late  eat like shit and smoke
 @jwgiglio not on the record even though it twitter do you smell smoke
 also sounding like ive smoked 10 packs of cigs is great 
 i have the biggest crush on og mike giant. i just wanna smoke wit em
 @therealroseanne @caschank smoked
 @alonteb lol just skip weed and go to crack
 for a second i thought u was smoking weed lol 
 i wish i could smoke blunts or joints everyday
 instagram suggested that i should follow my roommates ex. is it smoking marijuana or something 
 i need to stop taking weed naps fuck
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 25 south warwick avenue baltimore  
 @msdxo mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @xbeautykween mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @chazznevils mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @thiisismystory mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @condomordiapers mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 ladies  remember to drink plenty of water today so that u dont have cotton mouth aftr you smoke a blunt w ya mans and wanna suck his dick
 quick delicious breakfast hickory smoked bacon  pan fried eggs  buttered wheat toast and 
 see our latest pennrun  pa job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 this class smells like weed.
 legalize cannabis worldwide its about liberty basic human rights health jobs industry medicine  most important  b 
 she wanna smoke my dope
 if ya girl do smoke woods tho just make sure she brush 3 times a day n drink a lot of water
 honest opinion @twiterlesssiren  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 stuck my face in a monster 6ft weed tree and i think ive been reborn
 some good old american weed bc mexican weed sucks and is bunk asf shit reminds me of what i smoked in middle school lol
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4010 roundtop rd  send message. 
 appeals court rules marijuana legalization group can use iowa state logo 
 i just wanna go home already and smoke a blunt with my baby boy
 when @sheslulu favs your tweet lmao hella fan girling rn i love you bitch  come smoke some w me when youre in oregon 
 damnnn. this weed about to hit so amazing when i get off.
 really need weed now
 id rather be ya nigga so we can get drunk amp smoke weed all day 
 make sure you smoke cause i need you to be hungry 
 weed so good  i dont wanna pass it all i smoke is killer  your bitch look like thriller
 repost @rolfspectacles  happy valentines day rolf spectacles  kadett  smoked cherry  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 40 s ellwood ave  mattress dumped. 
 i hate when messy bitches try to roll a blunt and fling weed everywhere like its free or sum lmao
 good weed cali og
 bmw m6   brixton forged r10d targa series 21x9.5 | 21x12 finish brushed smoke black ii  satin 
 @fifthharmony @victoriahope17 do you smoke weed or do you suck dick  cash
 seven talking bout weed  bgc17
 my great uncle henik who survived auschwitz and still smiled as he smoked  his cigar. toimmigrantswithlove 
 my stupid bf wont wake up so we can smoke amp eat
 ok im gonna just smoke bowls and play skyrim then 
 judge orders charges dropped in oakland county marijuana bust 
 i havent smoked actual flower in days
 why do niggas smoke k2 when theres gas readily available
 pussy money weed
 this old fuck backed into me and took his bumper off  drove a lap  parked at the smiths door  smoked a cigarette  and left.  cody
 up smoking weed drinking beer nshit
 budding scholars  rejoice colorado county approves marijuanafunded scholarship  via @huffpostpol
 coke  crack  meth  heroin  xans  amp just a little bit of weed i dont like it tho 
 yeah my latest shorty gotta go lol nigga thick as bricks. im cool off him  i dont want no smoke
 u ruining my learning abilities with ur smokers cough
 havent had one in a while so i grabbed a @rockypatelcigar vintage 1999 to smoke at the bar with 
 @jxmmi got old ladies smoking weed in the swang video. drop that for the culture 
 @desdeoliveira we do this with our videos after we smoke and laugh extra hard 
 all my friends wanna smoke with my mom now 
 dope juice cap trapping on the cell phone  pull up on you with a stack  no gun   home nigga yea  you know what i smoke on
 the weed strong
 i just wanna get cheese and smoke green with my guys 
 imagine smoking weed in the streets without cops harassing
 yes lord. say it louder for the people blowing black smoke 
 @lexxblack  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 @realdonaldtrump   your too slow... smoke sum pots. 
 so i cant smoke in my crib in phx so i gotta smoke outside on some bullshit
 people passing faster then i pass the weed
 all my snapchats have just been me smoking weed  and my dadhats. im not even sorry. its better than people seeing my stupid fugly face
 when the smoke clears part 1 coming soon  maclife @ st. louis 
 the woman im babysitting for just said straight up that her husband might indulge in some marijuana while theyre out tonight lmao
 hood sex  good drink  good weed
 really wanna smoke but i also really want to save my money
 @btaltland check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 for my dogs on the block with the blow  or kickin a 9  5 with no smoke  just get the money dog and dont be pressin no hoe
 its like trying to put smoke back in a cigarette
 all i smoke is .. 
 @klayoven my favorite rye with dill seed amp weed  roasted garlic  onion amp a lot of caraway seeds.
 omg so just finished watching this scary movie n i go outside to smoke a blunt n the fucken light goes out  i ran inside all fucken scared
 niggas still in jail for possession of weed while she sits here an gets praised for the exact same shit they was do 
 need to smoke some more motivation
 i need more friends who are gonna wanna go out to eat or somethin after we smoke like the buffet. all ya niggas wanna do is smoke all day 
 well that annoyed my morning lets smoke a bowl
 @alkalinetrejo pretty sure that dude is also pretty into weed  so...
 ion even smoke but at this point i need a fat ass blunt
 harris county authorities to decriminalize some marijuana crimes 
 not many ppl have access to weed as good as mine.
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 but candy bar prices rose  is he talking about weed in co  cause we fixed the edible issue... 
 @bbcworld @potus he must have smoked more crack than usual before he said this incredibly offtherails comment
 i posted that thing bout the weed man got all the connects now  no more waiting 
 i always wait to buy weed on 421 cuz thats when it goes on sale. you just have to be patient.
 @joenbc but was it substantive or smoke
 sounds like atlantas smoke amp duck sauce is right on time 
 when @treasurelynn7 amp @therealkashcal wanna smoke but dont want to come in the next room 
 or somebody pull up and sell me some weed
 fuck these weed delivery services.. get ya med card and go straight to the dispensarys 
 we smoked 6 in the bmw last night.
 i feel like its my right as a paying college student to not have to sit next to an ugly guy that smells like weed during a class
 i hate buying weed in bristol lol
 kottonmouth kings and insane clown posse at hemp fest this year my 8th grade sasha dreams are coming true 
 sucking my own cock off on snapchat today tune in for narcissistic fridays with your favorite pile of shit ryan hempsey
 need to get me some weed in route
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2402 frederick avenue baltimore  send message. 
  lol who made this also whoose tryna smoke moms outa town and i got a new rig hmu 
 rolls up a paper blunt me i pearled this bitch  mr luttig dom you can smoke a dooby in class 
 @hyygashi @businessinsider hey sorry but white people been matching weed long b4 this. this is matching for cucks
 @lululemew @louisemensch @olganyc1211 @nytimes he quietly meets with a kremlin counterpart while the ranter holds court. smoke
 @cannabiswest  41.47 for 1g cannabis maximus live resin  rec  denver   concentratedealsdenver cannabismaximus
 i dont think i can buy a gram of weed for 1 but ok cheeto head 
 its not a problem of smoking too much weed  its not having enough weed to smoke  
 gets caught smoking weed gets grounded for 2 weeks 
 fresh out the shower tile to smoke 
 need friends to chill amp smoke with 
 bruh there is a little asian kid next to me... about 6 years old... and keeps repeating smoke weed everyday. what music he listening to
 im at southwest smokeless in tucson  az 
 i checked twitter hours ago and yall were discussing how much yall spend on weed. or dont spend. yall still at it lol.
  longweekend massive line up in front of cannabis culture. edibles familydayweekend familyday
 happy birthday  my little booger baby girl cant wait to keep watching you grow like a weed 
 i need a smoke amp something to drink.
 happy birthday  smoke amp mirrors.  @imaginedragons @danreynolds @danielplatzman @waynesermon @benamckee
 im sad cause i dont have weed 
 check out our newest beer events  book today fat tues. dinner 228   smoker pairing 310amp1 
 i wouldnt be comfortable giving that poison not weed to an already poisoned and disadvantaged community
 jackie jus called me a disgrace cuz i got weed on me  alright
 alternative headline georgia senators have no earthly clue what they are talking about regarding medical cannabis. 
 david foster wallace was accused of making weed look cool.
 no smoke detectors were triggered during this operation... 
 niggas try to make the best out a bad situation but all i can really do is smoke weed and pretend like shit jus groovy
 @ smokers   what just happened to me  
 days off like smoke eat masturbate repeat
 fuck casinos i lost all my money and smell like smoke. gag me
 just woke up from a weed coma
 idc if you know that i smoke. its michigan  everybody does meth. 
 we deserve a smoke break chance
 somebody smoke a blunt w me
 @daliving9 you have been selected for the kansas lottery fan of the game please meet us in the lobby of the weede at 115. bring a friend
 im seriously bout to rip these smoke detectors out of my walls because they keep beeping and ive change the batteries.
 @jdubs88 saudis both bushes and pales to trumprussia bc all of that is a smokescreen. real reason is much shorter white power.
 on valentines day me amp bri smoked  got some food amp watched a movie
 how to protect yourself from buying bad marijuana | nbc 7 san diego  
 waking up slow and smokey on this fine saturdaymorning
 kid cannabis 
 can you have a hemp seed allergy watch for these symptoms  2016  @superfoodly yes  its possible
 my mom just told me that weed can kill you 
 first time checking out the brewery  loving this  smoked stout... doc porter smoke stout 
 jessie said aint no smoke for alot of yall this year 
 dudes act like they smoke but be so uneducated
 so i opened my container that has weed in it and now my whole room smells  plus my dads home...... 
 i just took a flick with your girlfriend i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend  thass my girlfriend  
 strong juicy nose   lighter than expected but weighty taste  but pretty well... wolf among weeds 
 i ji like dont ever wanna smoke again
 the kale in the garden seems to be waking up with warmer temps...as are the weeds. kale garden eatyouryard 
 lol all the guys know im rolling up before we even get the weed
 go to depop and buy my clothes so i can buy weed 
 3 miles done. need a drink and a smoke. after a shower of course.
 chicken smoked for 4 hours with fog and hickory. succulent. bbq smokingmeat @sraichlen @michaelphifer 
 quote of the night why does it smell like marijuana in here 
 whats up with girls that get so into their gym makeup like this bitch has a winged tip and a smokey eye arent you going to wash your face
 causs you cant smoke 
 that whole business of not taking a salary was such a lame attempt at a smokescreen. 
  bottom of the barrel  @ smoke amp barrel 
 so i weeded an organic farm this morning and it was fun and beautiful and productive but my whole body hurts  
 the joose is loose  drinking a silly gimmick by hop dogma brewing co. @ smoke eaters   
 my favorite part of the day is sitting on tiannas couch watching weeds
 when i smoke outside my moma think its a skunk outside  ion know how she be smelling it
 a kid like me  im always on my grind 247 bitch you know where to find me a kid like me  smoke a lot of pine 16 wraps thats 32 to light
 smoke us some weed too.
 i really should not have to ask people more than once to not smoke around me or in my apartment 
 havent smoke a blunt since last year
 looking at all the pictures of weed amp videos of myself smoking in my phone makes me sad cause i cant smoke rn
 everything seems different when u smoke a blunt up
 man weed is incredible
 listen to smoke in the blinds ghost  tabernacledta  coop by new world slaughta np on soundcloud tune in  
 my pops in the kitchen making a sandwich talmbout some i mustve been dreaming bout smoking weed cuz i just woke up wit the munchies 
 i will really not smoke just because i dont feel like rolling up
 tonight is the night nyc i will be performing i only smoke in war zones 6pm @corneliastcafe theatre change 
 i wanna smoke but i dont wanna face
 hey @burgerking  get this store some sunday help please. in the weeds and shift mgr is sounding rude to employees
 @dlind @voxdotcom ever think that perhaps it was intentional...possibly bait to smoke out the internal leakers 
 see our latest clayton  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign...  
 i think my ppl fin let me smoke ina house now 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   huntsville  al
 let me roll this weed amp ask you about your day baby
 buying weed 
 jeezy like to drink  jeezy like to smoke
 @mirahwood like when dare says weed is satan then your buddy tries it but doesnt go exorcist  youre like wait a minute. same behavior.
 only smoked twice this semester so far...proud of myself 
 this is why you just smoke weeed 
 i stay having to smoke alone 
 going to heaven gt smoking weed
 girlfriend @callmemochelles soup of chicken broth  mirepoix  dill  brown rice  and smoked ham 
 but the yellow book app attached 2 my device it comes with the yellow pages.  it work go weed restaurant 
 i never paid for weed
 as if my day wasnt shitty enough  i come home from work to cook dinner amp my smoke alarm goes off 
 if yo weed turns into dust when you break it down. ion want it 
 drinking a smoked pigasus by @4handsbrewery at @zumbiermon  
 somebody wanna come thru amp smoke w me orrrr
 thankful for ya @ the smoke pit salisbury 
 i wish i had someone whod come smoke with me whenever i asked. but edgewood so far i know people wont make this mission
 stay tryna convince my mom to smoke some weed
 who saw the smokey and the bandit reference twd
 i smoke everyday lol
 you can never smoke wax from around here once youve had the good stuff
 staying up for hours while we talk and get wasted   not from weed smoke or cheap wine   drunk off love we both feel deep down
 someone smoke w me
 i smoke a lot of weed to keep them bitches off my mind
 stop making cute lip stains and shit bc it doesnt really work out when you smoke all the fucking time 
 you smoke mid tho  what you high off of 
 come smoke with meboredt
 surprise me amp pick me up late at night so i can smoke a blunt w you listen to your favorite tunes 
 @chiefkeef smoke dope 
 narcotics includes marijuana many of you demon governments now authorize right here in america. satan created drugs 
 just remembered that time @mackenziekral smoked too much wax and blacked out in a tj maxx and had to sit down in the aisle lmao
 @jenarell also im a health amp fitness guru but i do cocaine  smoke cigs and take adderal to stay skinny 
 buy weed online legally the how tocalltext us at hotline   16788038775 .visit our website 
 slowly but surely making some headway when retirement comes with a daily dose of cannabis 
 nahh but real shit. what if a shorty pull up on you to smoke with smoke corn lmao
 man  i know for a fact black lives dont matter to the lady who lives in the apartment below me. she really tryna smoke me out with cigs 
 i smoke almost everyday but that doesnt stop me from doing my homework amp going to work.
 is it pulled pork or pulled chicken neither our smoked jackfruit is the meatless option for 
 who tryna smoke that
 @masscann weeding out the stoned  the game show of sobriety tests  223 at hotel vernon in jamaica plain  ma 
  holy smokes   . what does your next eight days look like   shocking results  in 8 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cook i  the smokehouse full time   isleofpalms  sc
 every time you with me im rolling up a fatty cause i blow hella weed
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 700 washington blvd  . 
 time to blow it all on tattoos and weed
 got this lil gotdamn hoe wit me let me get a gram smoke dat hoe out
 love us some cigars at @rudysshop  and with @sunkingbrewing  the smoke out is sure to be a hit cheers guys 
 i shouted im goin to smoke some weed across the thruway and this kid standing next to me just said same i laughed so hard lmao
 chain smokes marb menthols  works his ass off every single day in the blazing heat or freezing cold  a man who is tough as nails amp here i
 nigga just tryna lay up n smoke this power pack i got
 last night smoke some sherm but tonight ill try crack
 so after a beautiful carolina day its time to smoke and then sear some tbones this evening 
 not having weed 
 cigars and hotrods. cant get more patriotic than that    great smoke from @tatuajecigars  with 
 what if marijuana grew on trees shit dude wed be lit af during forest fires
 i see why @wizkhalifa only smoked papers. 
 sitting on a rock at the pinnacles and this guy asked if i wanted to smoke a blunt
 few facts about l.a. vapors elite smoke shop of charlotte  north carolina. lavaporsclt . we 
 theres this video i just saw of grandmas smokin weed for the first time and i am dyinggg
 why do you smoke so much because i like getting high what the fuck 
 you and your bush tumble weed lookin like hair can get outta here mane 
 you guys gotta listen to this  i just smoked out of the wrong side of the blunt wow jt
 wishing i was on a beach in cali with @eeneranna again contemplating if we should take her to the hospital or smoke another beezy 
 @skeletonsensei ill mail you some weed dm me that addy
 n if i smoke this blunt then im gon 4get u
 damn this foo always smokes..goals i love it ferman 
 rollin marijuana thats a trippycation
 lmfao @ anyone pumping any other medical cannabis play than owcp just saw someone pump another ticker said dont know what owcp has  
 aroma is subtly smoky but also sweet like mango. flavor the smoke is sub... oskar the grauch 
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang 
 @deadbunnyfrank thats because its a shit terrible makeup job. too much eye smoke
 its a giantass bag of weed
 i bought a pack of cigarettes at 5pm. im the only one of the 4 people i was with that smoke  and my pack is gone. disgusted in myself.
 why people gotta ask so surprised when i tell that i never smoked 
 i can legally drink  legally smoke marijuana in cali  and gamble. damn im old
 lit a blunt and smoked it with my pops nothingbutlove 
 smoke smoke smoke. mutha mutha smoke smoke mutha mutha smoke. smoke some green green green. 
 beat court in bingo  and our bet was loser gotta smoke a cig outside topless. which resulted in her taking a half naked smoke break 
 i just wanna smoke a bowl but no piece 
 too tired to get up and smoke myself back to sleep. too awake to just fall back asleep...i just wanted some fuckin water bruh
 i really smoke everyday
 no need to smoke it or snort it to try an get a greater affect from it. like seriously just fuckig use google.
 all i do is work come home amp smoke my life away
 havent smoked one going on 3 months amp i feel better than ever  
 its weird meeting people younger than me who begin chewing after but who dont smoke cigs. like  why 
 network with legitimate cannabis professionals at  to make friends in high places 
 i follow soulja boy on snapchat he drink lean and smoke weed everyday 
 just wanna go home and smoke my self stupid until i fall asleep
 we get it. you smoke weed. 
 my existance in high school  people asking me to hang out  then smoking my weed and never talking to me again
 @elcalifornio07 @2chainz register on  free entry cannabis event
 i need to start smoking weed again
 @yungbodakblack @ayalagotsole whoever rolling these wasting weed.
 dillon persinger smokes a single past the shortstop.
 gangsters move in silence but we smoke the loudest
 up in smoke hookah weed 
 smoking this weed fuck police
 baby soak up the vibe  lets roll some dope up get high. we gone blow smoke  in the sky  till we cant open our eyes  .
 who tryna smoke hml
 thats cool ill rather smoke at the crib 
 @evilmark420 how was the weed
 someone who smokes a lot dm me right quick
 our apple smoked cheddar and honey sriracha gouda made this grilledcheese the best weve made. tip always add mor 
 nobodys awake. i need someone to smoke with me before my 10am 
 i could write novels about why we should legalize marijuana but im in oklahoma and everyones so close minded 
 feelin the philly. prime rib  grilled peppers and onions with smoked cheddar bchamel. enjoy 
 smoke break by flatbush makes me want to take a smoke break amp leave this bih lmao
 its a perfect day to smoke a blunt amp i cant 
 thinking about replying these internet trolls in my mentions  then also  let me smoke and ignore the hate.
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 4854 pimlico road baltimore  dirt 
 if she smoke ft or black and milds she suck dick
 high off weed and oxygen
 some kid just told me its upsetting that i dont smoke because he needs a lighter uhhh
 i dont smoke and this hella funny  
 its one of those days that makes you wanna drink and smoke and go to bed
 wicked weed brewing botanical  gin barrelaged sour with strawberry and rhubarb.. 1 per customer... 
 im at randys smokehouse amp bbq in new boston  tx 
 makemydayeasierby smoke this blunt with me
 if youve never smoked a doobie on a thirty minute lunch break  you dont know stress.
 every time i smell smoke i swear im sittin by a bonfire watchin her swayin  me and my buddies and the guitar playin
 ill sleep your ass real quick  man if this bih dont shut up amp go smoke her cigarette 
 smokin weed under star projectors 
 chain smokers and coldplaythank you brits2017
 i basically just found recipes to make an entire thanksgiving meal with cannabis infused foods and thats super dope.
 confessions of a budtender your weed might weigh more check it out   boulder cannabis 
 my neighbours smoke so much weed that i choke when i walk in the door.  thank god my apartment doesnt get hotboxed.
 making some progress lol i have to stop dying by the smoke  
 @expatjake @melanieeresman it was good too. my best friend dealt and smoked it for the longest time. now hes ceo of a qc company lol
 is james okeefe about to smoke cnn tells hannity hes set to release hundreds of hours of newsroom footage wikileaks style.
 @cpehn @healthaccess do find them report to governor lt governor other legislators holding meetings smoke em
 chico dont want no smoke wit me 
 lol smoke  eat  sleep. soon come.
 how many friendly rolls can unc get.. holy smokes
 she said she wana roll w me and smoke up all my weed 
 i havent smoked in almost 5 months sometimes i be needed to
 i swear ima smoke these blunts and forget about you 
 @allsten lmao update me on your smoking cause ive been slumped alllll day after we smoked earlier  havent smoked since 
 heard god be trippin bout niggas growin weed in the garden  ill pass 
 cant even smoke a blunt in peace anymore.
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 lifes short what its worth  wrist work                                              lifes short smoke a port on a port
 my sight gets so blurry when i smoke 
 who wants to go to the pier and smoke 
 lol my friend is from humboldt and thats exactly what that county is. weed 
 late night smokes
 i swear ion smoke but i might just have to hit all these blunts tonight
 maybe i should unblock smoke number huh 
 where the fuck these allergies come from im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli 
  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 why every guy smoke weed like damn where my sobers at
 along with the memories from weed  music made. i feel the same way tho  its a double edged sword. 
 wish i was going to ganja white night tomorrow 
 my snap story consists of pot smoke  me getting jiggy to a down ass song  spontaneous shroom trips and studio time. all with my friends
 on break till 330 someone smoke
 new thursday smoked prime rib special.   yings n wings. 8.99 wings  add a yuengling to your order for only 1. 
 @aegyovchan when it comes to weed  we really have it easy on our end....
 all i need in dis life of sin is weed amp coffee
 i shouldve smoked before this presentation 
 ohhhh  a weed question
 breaking news trump administration supports and empathizes with medical marijuana patients. more to come
 i dont call them my right and left hands i call them my beer and smoke hands
 got me some more smoke buddies ya heard me 
 @cranekicker @meechone @ppdjoemurray @youtube 420 days ago everyone smoke up
 @kylegriffin1 did he run on marijuana must of missed it. hope trump gets cancer and cant get medical marijuana. serves him right
 me omggggggggg always after i smoke  
 no immigrants. no protests. no marijuana. no lgbt. no racialethnic minorities. no constitutional knowledge. no tolerance.
 @jsoabove sessions is getting too cocky. do you know how many libertarians own weed shops hint a lot.
 with a rause if hands how many of you have been to a vandy party where there was coke  molly  and dirt weed 
 smoke weed once and your gonna turn into dumbo the elephant and then i cant help you anymore because i dont fuck with elephants
 @michaeljmaddux gop states rights... for anything but marijuana or vaginasuteruses.
 while hint was doj would only target recreational states  do you really want to motivate people in a negative way w archaic views on weed
 gen. sessions today crack down on fed reg of marijuana  and go back to private prisons. keep people in cages so someone else can make 
 freshman year i smoked regular swishers thinking i was getting high but there was no weed just tobacco  
 really in the mood to smoke a nice fat blunt and play some ps4
 someone smoke w me downtown before i have to work this night party
 @ayeshacurry smoked st.louis ribs with green papaya salad @sobewff turnberryislemiami  @ 
 daaamn i wanna smoke. but daaaamn i just finished these nachos.... daaamn im tired 
 more bible verses related to marijuana @ eagle rock  los angeles 
 gets high before smoke sesh
 on the same day as cracking down on marijuana...coincidence i think not.  
 finally told my mom i smoke weed
 @santana008 large collective group of water molecules  convertible  ingesting a particular strain of marijuana in an enclosed vehicle.
 how many blunts you smoke a day 
 even though i hardly smoke anymore  i want a black backwoods hoodie 
 white house opens door to crackdown on recreational marijuana  the huffington post 
 a girl who brings you food and smokes you out 
 i dont smoke marijuana  but im tired of this war on the wrong drugs. we need to fight opiate addiction. not people who want a little green
 maybe now that weed is off the table all those berniebros will suddenly care that poc lives will be worse off under 
 @mcuban ethical views aside  as a great businessman  does trumps recent act towards state marijuana make any sense i see lost jobs.
 update homeowner says his daughter was taken to hospital for smoke inhalation.  his wife and grandson were treated 
 in regards to spicers comments about cracking down on states whove legalized weed.
 funny how republicans now want to take on legalized marijuana. truly shows they truly dont believe in the concept of states rights.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 309 elrino st 
 this kid may not talk much but he certainly has cheeeeeeeese down  @ smokehouse 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 355 elrino st 
 lets not act like everything would be the same if hillary had won  she wouldnt be attacking weed legalization or banning muslims
 i got no titties  no ass  im shaped like a half smoke.
 @boswomensmarch im ready for a 420 march in protest of protecting recreational marijuana legalization resist theresistance cannabis
 our smoke house from the 50s. 
 is trump trying to get more americans to hate him no trans protection  more enforcement on marijuana. whats next no refugees oh  wait...
 somebody bring me some weed to rollingwood
 i know niggas who just sit on snap amp smoke they life away.. only thing they post
 for ma amp pa @ the @homedepot in hempstead  ny  
 kielbasa seasoning  for fresh or smoked  smokedmeat iga meat steak sausage bacon bratwurst hotlink 
 ayee  they weed themselves out nowdays 
 someone come smoke and watch movies
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2730 wilmarco avenue baltimore  send message. 
 why do pot smokers always want you to smell their stash if i wanted to smell dried weeds id go outside.
 ay yo let me put this blunt in yo booty hole and smoke it
 but my mom said if she finds out i smoke id get kicked out 
 my instagram pics of me at raves with my tongue out  videos of dope drops with smoke  and random selfies 
 @snowentertainme the weed is all free   
 because pot smokers in dc are such a threat to the countrys safety and wellbeing. 
 states rights.  leave civil rights to states but not marijuana growing
 @smithjake5 the weed is all free    party all night.   tonight everything is on me  the bitches the hotel the weed is  free
 if i smoke this blunt  then i might forget ya 
 friday night in the big smoke after a week that felt like itd never end. toronto @amsterdambeer @barhopbar 
 free weed is the best weed. i love my friends 
 @collegebbncaa holy smoke incredible
 reset mifflin grabs another board to stangs. 4946 hempfield. 6.5 left @llhoops
 lmaooo demarre carroll wanted smoke
 i was supposed to smoke a blunt with jadakiss.... that was on my itinerary.. jb
 the weed im puffin all the lean im guzzling
 im a cool person to smoke with
 no one to smoke with
 @patrickwalker @mikepence my chance encounter with @vp  at  cemetery gave him a trump pence yarmulke with weed out 
 @tyhenrymedium smoke and mirrors with a smile  is still smoke and mirrors. good on you to con hollywood rich instead of working class
 i needa smoke
 @maaaayyy where all the weed at
 @realadamrose @fnnisreal @maddow. its possible i love you a little bit more. a revolutionary pot smoker in a manbund youve got the hair
 @terriblechan im glad they didnt find  smell  take my weed lol
 when the cats away  the mice will play. @croumeliotis @paulroumel @ old crow smokehouse 
 i went out and smoked weed now i can sit inside for 2 months cuz hey   i went out recently i deserve sum alone time
 i havent smoked a cigarette in years but today im stressing.
 im max that im really stuck like i want to smoke but i cant weve attempt to roll this blunt like this mango circo got me buzzed
 i need more people to facetime me while i smoke since i have no friends to smoke with 
 california officials and the marijuana industry are ready to fight a federal crackdown 
 just feel like going for a cruise amp smoke with this playing on a night summer day 
 @0jaededajuice you already suckin dick for weed. might as well go all the way
 south hempstead ny sat feb 25th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 honestly i been paranoid ever since i saw it amp now i couldnt even smoke a blunt on my porch last night  
 @juliansburden your roommate could tweet this about me every night but its her weed im smoking
 enjoying a double smoked bacon  cheddar and egg sandwich. starbucks has a offer card....  
 so @potus wont get involved wprotecting our lgbt community but will get involved in cracking down on pot smokers
 i just want hair played in while i smoke a blunt.
 i drank a little drank and smoked a little smoke  and it was everything i wanted it to be and 
 sodomy is against the law. you gonna put every sodomizer in jail next to the cannabis smokers figure it out.
 yall can hate on a nigga cause he smoke weed but its a plant so everyone breathing it in
 the pushpack on states rights around marijuana use is bringing out a whole new group of frustrated trump voters.  welcome  friends.
 opened homeless concerns request via iphone at 241 clara st  crack smokers with bikes moved in.
 how can u say leave it to the states  then the next day say cracking down on recreational marijuana in legal states complete hypocrisy
 politico dec 6th. jeff sessions coming war on legal marijuana  politico magazine 
 dont eat the whole edible just cause you dont taste weed 
 yall vegan but smoking some dirt weed and dirt tobacco wraps 
 when people say marijuana is a gateway drug.. like i never smoke then think aye  know what would really get me hig 
 heres to a lot of weed  like a lot of weed...  shout out to @harvestdate for your potness 
 my family always thinks they can give me weed to babysit they bad ass kids. lol no ima need more than that mf.
 ion smoke no zone bitch i got it on my own
 im going to smoke a blunt and ball at sunset beach
 if one more person walks up to me smelling like they smoke five packs a day im gonna throw up
 @aihalv @kvitlynwilsxn aylin you need to stop retweeting weed stuff on twitter thats bad no wonder u had detention u prob smoked @ school
 i just remembered i smoked a jay with space jesus on stage 
 just bought an eighth for myself since i have no friends to smoke and chill with in sm
 33rd apartment inspection in a year...trying to figure out wtf theyre looking for no one checks smoke detectors this much
 weed smoke and alcohol 
 bad bitches  good weed  yeah thats the type of shit i need
 im finna smoke and go to sleep
 my neighbors smoking weed 
 wake up i smoke up i got a bad bitch and she roll up
 i just wanna go home get in the shower   amp smoke a blunt 
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics 
 when you smoke four blunts then someone blows your high
 high off this weed
 i like to smoke with other people because i can analyze their behavior when their high. which is always fun when youre high lmfao
 we cant smoke in the house because shes got tyroid problems lmaoooo
 thats a nice blunt. i wished i smoked
 i haaaate the smell of cigarette smoke 
 ive been sick all week and the little amount i was around cigarette smoke today has made it 10x worse
 im a simple dude.   i walk my dogs n smoke a blunt in the middle of the night.
 i guess ill smoke 
 if i smoke this blunt imma forget u
 i need to go home amp smoke so i dont gaf
 just gonna chain smoke for the rest of my life
 no pipe or lighter  but i have weed  fail
 i wanna smoke. itll help these cramps forreal
 if you cant keep up w the amount of pot i smoke a day it probably wont work out  shrugs
 @jmirabella10 i smell weed are you here 
 you dont have to move to dallas to smoke hookah and drink henny at a club. just so yall know.
 @andjineeeee girl you dont even smoke  i wish you cut it 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 i rolled my first smokeable backwood last night too  but tbh those shits are so fuckin trash.
 nothing makes me happier than smoking weed idc
 2nite smokedpeach hosting my party  psa zodiacsundays will never be the same   sunday 
 really  ashley judd n hillary chelsea nasty bill michelle hussein are all on medication n smoke dope 
 im tryna smokeeeee 
 president trumps administration hints at greater enforcement of marijuana laws  via @fox6now
 mother nature has trick bagged you  so come smoke at the candy store... @ w. curtis draper 
 just like this blunt that i just smoked. @pdeyoungnudy
 i will smoke a backpack track. i will destroy a trap beat.   but whether or not i feel like doing either isnt a basis for you to get judgey
 tryna find weed on a sunday is hard cuz these new drug dealers like weekends off.
 giving up all my vices for lent sugar  weed  casual sex  alcohol seems like a good idea in theory. pardon my bitchiness for the next 40.
 sometimes you gotta just play frank ocean  smoke a blunt  and enjoy your sunday
 @lynnkuennen with rain last night and this morning  im glad i spent yesterday weeding. imagine you are plucking rinos
 wyd after you smoke this @officialldre 
 who tryna smoke
 its always a good day to smoke a blunt 
 im allowed to smoke in the truck but since he working he cant just stop at a rest stop to get me a blunt 
 females in tampa just be fucking for weed
 kickbacked amp smoked a fat wood w @iamhustlegod last night  he a real one and will swoop your bitch lol
 skills   does cool smoke tricks not a vaper   ew  music god  praises drug use does not object  loves humanity  will do anything for you
 interesting fact starvation tends to weed out the marginal parts of the population 
 went to go buy smokes and as im taking out my id  the cashier said nah bro youre good  you look like 30.  bitch how i have red hair.
 still waiting on that weed man bro  
 if you smoke cigarettes you dirty asf
 im really hurt that jake came over today and took smokey back to his house
 like  i stopped smoking squares  weed  amp stopped drinking amp she assumes its bc im pregnant
 @queenricki jk i just smoked it but please
 i smoked a pound of grass and fell on my ass faster than a fat bitch that sat down to fast em
 i dont have a mobile phone  still using smoke signals.
 who told me it was a good idea to smoke an eat while doing homework  im ready to go to bed now
 you deserve rounds  alt caption smoke grenades are a pain in the ass  but so worth it   lightroom 
 @thescarlettoh your laugh is my favorite. 75 year old smoker.
 man who want smoke in madden ps4 yall be ducking me 
 im tryna smoke a blunt and have a light saber battle
 alcohol and weed 
 white house threatens feds are going to step up marijuana law enforcement
 she wanna sip lean and she wanna smoke dope now
 tryna smoke sum
 guys i need help for a class do you think marijuana should be legal in utah  please comment why or why not
 if you dont like dogs   weed   or obnoxiously singing when im drunk dont add me on sc
 first day was pretty good considering my coworker smoked me out 
 dont nobody want that smoke in 2k @hillstock6
 it dont matter where we go slip this hen and puff n smoke
 putting down weed .... was probably the best decision ive made in a longgggggg time 
 today marks a month since ive smoked weed. proud
 dudes that listen to shitty music n smoke weed take bars n drink lean all day and eats mcds almost every day........... stay away from me
 man im so twisted but im 9mm smokey i got some piff just her had smoked me im a clown this is my joke c lookin at da son got my locs b
 advocates warn dreamers to lie low as trump ramps up deportation plans  yall get in the weeds...hide from asshole
 i gotta shooter name smokey i told him hit everything on da list n my nigga dats craig freeog @smoove12 
 cuddles w my boo  disneyland  weed  sex.... the list goes on  
 close all colleges we must weed out all sharia law brainwashing thts y all crats kids are emotionally on tilt n p 
 enjoy a smoke att the yard on the house @ 16th and lehigh 
 you can tell who doesnt smoke the herb because every time the subject comes up they act like the opposite of a stoner
 this is barney after injecting one marijuana. still think its safe use 
 girls be smokin weed and fuckin the plug then callin themselves a trap girl no maam yous just a hoe who gets fucked up
 @mmpadellan smoke amp mirrors  look l when he says r up his sleeve when he says nothings there trust me hes about 2 lie honest he already did
 opened report via iphone at 129 saint alphonsus st  mission hill  please cut weeds around t 
 someone catch this smoke  
 i bet jesus smoked cigarettes back in the day. he comes off as a bad ass
 but wait whos tryna go to the smokers club 420 
 til if someone catches you smoking weed at work youll get fired. 
 kinda wanna smoke  kinda wanna rollover and die...  decisions
 that i smoke good  eat good  fuck good  lol bye 
 accident blocks 2 right lanes. in greaterheights on 610 n lp eb at shepherd  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 10 mins
 sure lemme drink and smoke for fun all throughout hs but act like sober grad is the best postgraduation celebration
 holy samp@ what a crowd at the denver cannabis hearing 
 home grow abuse hurts our legal marijuana perception  says @salpace  supports hb1220.
 get up smoke.. go to school come home smoke
 i really wanna smoke a blunt but i have to go outside and i dont wanna put on pants 
 you smoke 
 huge cloud of smoke from the fire. this image is from the naples marina. 
 mail order weedies
 @kevnasto you smoke pole though.
 we have many good men and women to take the place of the older generation. they dont all smoke dope and live in th 
 your mcm smokes mids
 do i truly deserve a weed nap
 @keenenarmstead miss u come to my bday party so we can finally duke it out then smoke one
 @eazzyzac weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @zachlamacchia i smoke cigarettes amp i cant go a morning without them
 pop perks smoke kush to elevate it
 drinking a smuttlabs smoked cherry short weisse by @smuttynosebeer @ s.o.s bar amp lounge  
 sucks i was the only guy there. molly and weed 
 when weed hit and you having a stroke  
 you smoke em to   
 havent smoked in almost a month and im doing great
 we are still here testifying for our right for home grown cannabis colorado house bill 
 okay so all of a sudden no one is sa has weed.
 me when i see girls on snapchat smoking weed but never inhale the smoke.  
 all i was tryna do was have a lil smoke sesh amp you had to kill it  thank you boo.
 i have to get my speech ready for joannas weeding lmao ima cryyyy 
 man my room smells like weed  my mom gon kill me
 im feeling real wild and thinking about going to cali for a day just to buy lilmayo weed lol
 wakeup twittercrap is a smoke screen for dismantling democracy 
 damn sucking trumps dick has this nigga higher than weed will ever get you 
 before i had smokes but no lighter now i have no smokes and a lighter y is the world cruel
 remember to vote yes on m today in order to have equitable  responsible  amp regulated marijuana in los angeles. lavotes
 crawfish salad  crab salad  smoked trout amp smoked salmon.  omg it was good @ buckhead club 
 alcohol and marijuana can be damaging to the underdeveloped brain easily. hormones arent damaging at all. @jackyholyoake
 @patricksvitek @daveweigel doesnt cruz usually appear in a puff of sulfurscented smoke w a contract 4 u 2 sign usually at the crossroads
 @newtgingrich trump tweeted this was phase 1 of his new bill. the bill is smoke n mirrors it is not what the people asked for modification
 of course he does freekin smoke screen  
 i set off the smoke alarm every time i use the oven. every. time.
 what evolved in 80 years in alcohol is moving at light speed in cannabis.  lori ajax  chief bmcr ccia cannabis
 i got 100100 on my bio exam ima smoke a blunt to celebrate
 @potus gtgtgtgtgt i believe the answer is right in front of you. legalized marijuana. hear me out. look at the taxes raised in wa. amp co. bigcash
 believe it or not  that red ball is the sun thats how it looked this morning in san angelo with the smoke from p 
 i need to smoke some crack. if i stub my toe i lay on the floor for 10 minutes crying 
 i smoke before the gym to calm down and lose myself in my music. its honestly a huge help in motivating me to be at the gym.
 @jkarsh legal weed will be on that docket.
 ok so if ronald reagan put crack into black neighborhoods  its new so they gonna try it  just like weed. they turn into crack heads.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 601699 reservoir st  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 201 north ellwood avenue baltimore  send message.
 @moiraceit so youll smoke dick but not take it in the butt
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3003 mayfield avenue baltimore  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 515 scott st  send message. 
 todays special slow smoked bbq brisket sandwich served on soft pretzel roll with housemade slaw amp tangy bbq sauc 
 so ready to smoke im so irritated.
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 hey desoto county  do you need your smoke detector checked or replaced  let us know   service is free this saturday 
 lol i need to be your new weed man 
 these folks in the arleg must have already taken up smoking marijuana before sessions. 
 @unclemax313 i smoked a cigar once at a spa the idea was to be healthy amp exercise we ended up in the bar smoking cigars drinking sambuca 
 @blakematthew do not tell me weed concentrate is not weed. you sound like a fucking idiot.
 @iamsactownking he had two things he was supposed to do based on the probation stay away from alcohol and stay away from weed.
 see like why cant they just let weed be. fr stop trying to fix something that dont need fixing 
 its all smoke and beers
 individuals will continue to produce  sell  and consume cannabis. legalization allows workers to be in a legal industry.
 you dance like theres nobody watching. im going to watch smokey and the bandit and eat cherry garcia.
 @taymichelefinn oh  honey  ill smoke you til im dying 
 @mvanwag @nilssoned @dougcartwright marijuana and cinnamon toast crunch 
 whos tryna smoke big droooooooo
 i used a @cigneutron trick from season 7 with bigtunas cigar  amp attached tube so translucent powder could shoot out of the smoke stacks
 gramma said andan en marihuanadas nah you dont compate crackheads to potheads
 everytime i try to trap i just smoke all the profits so i get high as i can and then get right back to robbin
 nigga basically everyone i associate with homies  fam  etc. is a smoker lmao
 my anaconda dont want none unless you got buns  hun.  @ weed heights  nevada 
 she dont smoke but everytime she with me she be faded 
 who tryna smoke pull up
 i need friends whod be down to match n smoke
 meet michael  john and jacinto. three smokers of my new film high bloods. film movie talent 
 if anyone wants to smoke a bowl and listen to turn blue by the black keys in its entirety i am free to do that at literally any moment
 lol that i literally cant stop smoking weed and tweeting about harry potter until 1am
 i need weed
 better than jerry lol stop smoking weed lil bro that shit getting to your brain and making you say stupid things  
 kinda want somebody i can hit up anytime of the day to smoke a blunt and go on a drive with  kinda glad i have myself 
 @rareweirdo buutttttttt i dont smoke 
 girl  youre inhaling thc from marijuana and also inhaling smoke. you think its not bad for a baby dont have kid 
 i wonder if life smokes after it fucks me...
 my cousins friend somehow convinced me to smoke out of a bong even tho i only fuck with joints and blunts lol
 south hempstead ny wed mar 8th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 music  football sports  food  weed  laughs 
 @softncxnt you deseve some weed brownies
 bruh... i do not have to smoke my weed with you.
 i had good grades cause i use to sell my teachers weed lud foe
 i just wanna cuddle and smoke and watch tv and listen to music all day.... wow paradise
 dont waste your money on weed or massages cause all good feels are mirages
 these are the best loaded fries ive ever eaten. holy smokes grinderz. youve ruined it for 
 dont ask me to smoke w. you if you rolling that 5 for 1.00 shit
 see our latest aiken  sc job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer...  
 im trynna figure out why my sister thought it was sweet to smoke my wood 
 smoke alarms are a key part of a home fire escape plan. replace your smoke alarm batteries this weekend. 
 @shayyayy when the weed hits you
 i seen my life take a turn as the weed began to burn
 as you spring your clocks forward this weekend  please take the time to change the batteries in your smoke detector 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 52 613 pounds of marijuana worth an estimated 5.9 billion  spokeswoman lt. amy midgett said. it also responded to 35 oil and 17 hazardous
 i pull up on random spots by myself to smoke 
 come smoke that good  and play uno for the 
 but look tho..........i dont want no smoke but ummmmm yea 
 fyi iowa city west and hempstead played back in december  west won by six. it was wests closest game vs iowa comp iahsbkb
 i havent smoked a cig in so long im so proud  thank god for weed 
 hmu if ur tryna smoke
 used to smoke with you and laugh with you  but now my heart corrupted.
 i smoke a spliff in the street thats jaywalking  @whyl
 happy birthday @easymoneysnipe enjoy ya day and dont let anyone ruin it. were about to smoke the biggest blunt when i get back home
 they should have need weedfestivals  in casinos. u cant  smell they weed anyway
 so do you wanna smoke or not 
 i thought you said you didnt have drugs  i dont i have weed 
 i smoke to forget
 peachlife 2017 me mine ours lovemylife decisions @ smoke rise  georgia 
 @wink smoke in the aventine at naples 311 is closed do we know what is happening
 @schmelterformom my loverly box of smokes
  dont let me have to fuck you up smokey    playing with my money is like playing with my emotions    
 @jessicahische with you. social media messaging all platforms is horrible. like a smoke signal from the middle of a forest fire
 tell that nigga use a grinder for that weed uh huh 
 he just look like he ready to take all smoke purpp money lmao 
 you can roll a blunt with the weed i let fall between the seats in my car  shits ridiculous
 i smoke weed everyday
 this guy is telling me how i smiled with his friend lmao where ive never smoked 
 stranded in a hotel room  nothing to do but smoke blunts
 rt. especially after i smoke 
 didnt even smoke at halftime  but im about to now bitches 
 be safe naples a motorist captured flames amp heavy smoke while traveling on i75 
 i did kod  smoke it out   rickross  @blackbottleboys  @rickyrozay  @kod  
 moms could be hella jjrruunnkk cause i aint never smoked this much weed infront of her in my life
 ever been so high you had to sit back and think... bro was that really weed
 like chris brown said all i am worried is about my work and my weed. aint worried about none of these chicks.
 memphis prolly champ as shit moe  im just tryna see what the weed hittin on 
 my prof alright..lets start so i can finish and go smoke a cigarette
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation huntsville  al
 bronze summer smokey eye come thru  the @morphebrushes copper spice palette is giving me so 
 revitalize with hemplify at lunch or after work at @bottegalouie hempextract potassium electroltyte omega3 
 waiting for my seeds to be like stop smoking p like i aint growing weed
 shorty you should roll with me ... come over and smoke with me 
 this bitch wanna smoke all my weed.
