 @theputseller ya.  whole thing is crazy and sort of just smoke and mirrors.
 need to smoke but aint got the whip to go pick up... fml thestruggle
 i stay in smoke filled benzs
 @armanaaay im prolly bout to smoke doe 
 eggs benedict with smoked salmon and arugula. 
 california winterwhen rain falls  weeds sprout andsurprise blooms appear. lagunabeachpoet 
 waiting for that smoke out from santi cause he trash at 8ball lol
 @gatitanympho @nathancombrink. love to smoke
 first time at @hobdallas. this is greatness good  clean facility no smoke. looking forward to coming back 
 one last smoke before my birthday is over 
 want to smoke my life away
 this is weed laced weed pip
 double four leaf clover pendant. for sale. will put on hemp or chain if preferred. 25 
 double handmade natural four leaf clover necklace on hemp  cha by fernwehfreya   via @etsy
 amp weed 
 @loveelayy where the weed at  
 if your girl smokes and cant roll she sucks dick bad facts
 my best smoke memories are smokin blunts wit my granny she funny asf
 lucian piane apologizing amp blaming his craziness over marijuana right when rupuals drag race hinted about its seas 
 i want to smoke and talk about politics
 my cat just tried to attack a cloud of weed smoke im dead
 hannah you wanna smoke and get really high me grabs her boob that sounds like the breast idea ever
 someone come smoke w meeeee
 your mom smoked weed in the bathroom with him  he said she had the best snacks for munchies
 i just want a dude who i can take naps with and smoke with lol
 i love when me n my girl smoke then walk into a building n stink that hoe up 
 yes plz get on the bus and make the whole bus smell like weed
 attending a cle webcast. cannabis  what lawyers should know. interesting presentation. @ 
 so confused why i reeked of weed bc i havent smoked since sunday bc ive been sick then i realized i had a roach in my backpack 
 pussy  money  weed  foreveefavouritesong
 ogden in the winter makes me feel like ive smoked cigarets my whole life when i breathe 
 come in for smoked wing wednesday  we will be serving wings all day bredgourmet bred 
 the whole gym smell like weed
 swear im done smoking ppl up... its either match or dont smoke with me at all
 good morning everybody  first day smoke free  saveme sober workflo gay determination 
  headed to san diego for the @emeraldsci conference.  the science of cannabis is key to  acmpr success
 all i do is smoke ls
 ice for my bong so my smoke is chill.
 make her roll weed all the time
 but i cant smoke 
 ok but why is the moving men tryna smoke w me doe amp tryna get on  im dead af these old ass mfs
 i hit you up to smoke and you dont wanna  
 who is trying to smoke
 @nynyla its not weed
 drive thru vape and smoke shop. ive seen it all
 @therealroseanne dragon ball 3 000 grams of pure cannabis oil 
 is anyone down to smoke
 golden road wolf among weeds double ipa now available in cans.  @goldenroadbrew beermenus
 @dynamus why you get smoked
 just foreshadowing that fulmer will be the next ad. like when smoke billows from the vatican when they have picked 
 medical marijuana treatment center sets up shop in st. johns county 
 @xotalyaxo lmaoo nah im tryna smoke the most potent shit of my life when i burn again for the first time
 the first smoke of the day
 i do not smoke with dudes .. especially here they love to say they got somebody high and fucked
 @chewie619 they had violent lefties set fires amp throw smoke bombs.. campus on lock down due lefties violence
 ion kno bout that eating shit but we can smoke 
 if anyone ask what getting high off weed feels like tell em heaven on earth
 there will be a clash between marijuana producers amp the fed gov in decriminalized states prespower17
 south point 54  ashbrook 39 jaquan hemphill 11 p  7 r 55 fts jaquail brown 15 r byron sanders 9 p  3 a  2 s emmanuel rhyne 5 p  3 a
 im gonna smoke a fat blunt  to few warm rn 
 i love marijuana
 who wanna smoke with the kid 
 i wanna smoke a blunt with george clooney.
 damn i aint smoked a swisher in so long  this shit dont even feel right. dutch smoke only 
 i saw my new neighbor for the first time and he is like 30 and had a big beard with a plastic bag around it and he smelled like the weeds
 @tylxo me  my weed  my car
 more people died last year from poultry then marijuana. but marijuana makes you a criminal lol people know your facts before speaking
 @ruhlman just smoked a batch of kabanosy to 155. used proper amount of insta 1.  refrigerate or can they stay room temp
 stg swishers burn too quickly. yall wasting yall money and yall weed
 hands down best homemade peace i ever smoke out of was the killer bee  @joshgervasio  uncle was holding it down back in the day
 how u get caught wit weed and they make u take a course over sexual assault 
 recallalert maker of skoal  copenhagen recalls smokeless tobacco due to sharp metal objects found in cans. 
 i been lit since back when i aint even smoke
 i asked if she smoke  and she told me no  im smokin up all the weed
 they dont want no smoke 
 could the @nfl please address alcohol abuse with the same concern they do marijuana  this is a disease. franchises should treat it as such.
 but ima go smoke a bunch of weed after work
 year seven of our gathering begins with smoke and music 
 heres how the vote went on amendment to reschedule medical cannabis. 
 this is huge. the last 2 games the leafs could have easily crumbled in the 3rd. but they didnt. and now they have a chance. holy smokes
 think imma smoke tonight . i havent been high in forever 
 santa claus all i want is a bag of weed and two fat bitches  and two bags of chips to give to the bitches
 all i smoke is killaaaa
 @andyd @nursemaryjink xanax doesnt work for me. cant smoke due to copd need sleep however. yikes..days without sleep is making me ill.
 never sell weed cause i smoke it to much
 i stopped smoking amp started getting in my feelings too often. if i smoked a l i would be sleep amp not thinking about a soul right now lmao
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 up early had to put some meat in the smoker. chef dwight getting it in......  
 up early had to put some meat in the smoker. chef dwight getting it in......  
 sink hole situation happening here in springfield township on hempstead rd off winton @fox19 
 women who smoke cigarettes 
 but first imma need to make some coffee and smoke
 long shot but anyone wanna smoke at 420
 @fdowns thats definitely a nug of weed 
 college students who use large amounts of marijuana and alcohol might be high  but their grades are not im dead  
 we should def keep cannabis away from these guys. far too dangerous... 
 @hennyheathen right  but people never wanna call it an addiction just cause its weed and not pills or needles smh
 how do people pick hookah over weed idu
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3033 frederick avenue baltimore  violation no 
 the state fire commissioner reminds us to change the batteries in our smoke detectors when we change our clocks. 
 you smoke like a fucking chimney
 no fuck that when someone ask why i smoke we 
 i wanna fuck smoke n chill but you dont smoke
 i cant wait til i get a car so i can always have a place to smoke
 @dbarg8 jbiebs xoxox is to wiz khalifas love for marijuana as the prayer is loud.
 wondering why i smell like weed n realized i still got this grocery bag of shake who need that 5 hots lmao
 @emmautters @kdarlingauthor weed.
 @joerogan cbd and other hemp products no matter whether they say it or not will likely trigger a false positive on initial thc drug screens
 i like smokin weed i like getting fly.
 cocktail friday smoked cherry mojito by beautiful booze cocktails  cocktails rum drinks 
  its friday bitches  i know u dont smoke weed or drink i know this but ts friday u aint 
 remembering when i couldnt smoke in the building. now the executives is dancing on the ceiling
 lmao how daja smokes 
 @ahgatse you dont think the strip club  micro brewery  borderline weed capital of the world doesnt have night life something wrong wtichu
 i barely even smoked dawg tell me why this some gas
 who tf want smoke with me 
 holy smokes @adismukes16 i think thats some pretty incredible motivation for your students and looks like it work 
 i need a girl to roll the blunt  to smoke w me
 waiting for kaliyah to stop acting like she dont fuckin smoke so we can smoke.
 mmmm..we love this fast acting  long lasting cross of grandaddy purple amp durban poison come getyourmindrite weed 
 imma swipe your name off of my schedule  and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 that marijuana... ion do what you do lol 
 i straightup just found a bag of weed in shelbys bathroom garbage can  why
 new sausage dish on wreckingbarbrewpub sapeloisland clams  smoked pork jowl  ham hock broth  
 call me sir smokealot 
 the smoke way 
 u still buying xans and weed with parent money
 lets smoke weed in seattle  im here until tomorrow 
 incident on i90nysthruway wb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 
 we followed a side trail while we were hiking and we found a teepee campground with a lil weed in it  
 i decided to make bacon which means i decided to set off my smoke alarm. cookingisnotmything
 when muhfuckas smoke blacks amp ports after a dutch to boost their high idunno what high youre chasing obviously you ready for crack 
 news4jax takes a look inside the marijuana industry...why some families are having a hard time getting the drugs th 
 i just wanna smoke a bowl with @chanelwestcoast
 lets eat already @ smoke restaurant plano 
 luv getting smoked out
 this one time the whole damn garage door opened and a big whiff of weed just hit everyone lmaoo 
 thats a first.  there is a service dog sitting at this intersection with a giant bag of weed in his vest.
 so stogie every time my girl wanna smoke she be like rollllllll anotherrrrrrr
 blessed be the world with complete legalization of cannabis ...asap. pretty please. thank you @jointhemajority. peace.
 s.i.p smokey 
 how about im not texting snapping calling facetiming  tweeting  facebooking  instagramming or smoke signaling lex until tuesday.
 real  rt @sydkmss im sorry but if u make me choose between u and weed its gon be the gas
 i have an obsession with marijuana  amp not even smoking it  but studying it amp learning more amp more about it. its the weirdest thing ever. 
 we all need to calm down and smoke some reefer
 ambers like sorry you cant go out with us tonight but you can stay at my place heres some weed and a couple pieces and some wine 
 @tallfuzzball hay majira  would u smoke strawberry flavored kush at a hookah lounge
 all the white people do here is smoke  drink  and ride bikes  my dominican waiter at a cuban restaurant
 soros just stopped by to smoke a rock with me. good times.
 if i smoke this blunt boy im gone fagettt you....
 i dont smoke  i just inhale lmao wtf
 guys....drink water when you shmoke marijuana. 
 im trynna smoke but dont wanna go outside
 blues n weed
 tfw you hide in a corner away from everyone to smoke because you dont want to talk to anyone
 time i go to sleep i gotta wake up praise god then finish carters party stuff get dressed go to the party go home smoke n then go to the gym
 lights low  get lit  get drunk  clothes off  mouth closed  take dick  weed loud  twist up  lace up   legs up  throwback   look back wooosaah
 @petergo99037185 most eu traders can deliver 9 bankroll profit in a day  1440 profityear not unusual  what kind of stuff they smoke at sa
 holy smokes. im becoming a disney annual passholder
 i went outside to shut these kids up for being loud amp waking me up at 3 am and they smoked me out to help me go back to sleep lol kindness
 dont forget  springforward for daylightsavings but remember to change batteries in smoke  co2 detectors or repla 
 imma need to smoke a fat ass blunt right now
 @ganjaisnodrug what are you gonna do about it  kiddo your going to deal with it. sessions and trump are coming for your weed  dipshit.
 just wanna smoke a j with everyone i follow
 so long smokey mountains  
 stick to weed jokes tommy. 
 @trevonjb wth bro you coulda sent me some btc seriously did you sell was a weed induced knee jerk response to etf and drop 
 i havent smoked weed in a week and im literally going crazy.
 no funny shit if you wanna smoke the most official sour of ya life straight from rhode island hml cuzzo got it and its some gasss
 i like girls who smoke but i love girls who can turn down a blunt or 2. cant stand yall blunt monkey females.
 i need gfs that smoke and like to tan
 my header and profile picture are me thinking about smoked salmon nigiri 
 @papaspilar rum now being served @toupsmeatery south.  enjoy a nip and some amazing smoked meats.  followyournola
 i jus wanna fuck  smoke weed  and sleep all day.. but i gotta get this money
 government is worried about the level of thc content in weed  but its legal to have devil springs and moonshine that can kill you
 i want some smoked wings
 mmmm  that breakfast tho  scandinavianinspired and absolutely perfect  smoked salmon  cured 
 omfg.... smoked flavor which is not overpowering super well balance ja... selassie  photo
 you swamppeople will be weeded out  one by one if necessary @preetbharara yourefired. ty @potus @realdonaldtrump 
 im practically running to my room to go smoke lol
 that weed really calmed me down tooooo much over the years im really to nice 
 i wanna smoke even tho i shouldnt 
 the employees at these legal weed stores talk like theyre trying to assemble a goddamn rocket ship
 somebodys excited about @miyokoschinner @miyokoskitchen smoked vegan mozzerella  its me love 
 at our first smoked va wine expo event good food  wine and bourbon. @ greater richmond convention center 
 wish i could smoke
 im takin the smoke by 15 
 if them hoes dont smoke  dont let them in 
 if youre at cali adventure tonight swing by smokejumpers grill and say whats up
 @joetingley smoke and salt almonds
 i choke on the smokethey tell me to quit  dont listen what im told.
 you should smoke it if you got it. i came all this way too the top from the bottom.
 when the weed got you feeling good 
 life short . smoke ice smokeup
 authorities bust cartelamp8217s 100 mil weed farms in texas 
 we dont smoke the same 
 i know shes the one becos she makes me cum and then says those words few words everone loves to hear after.. maybe we can smoke a bowl now
 how tf u cancel a smoke session. should be illegal.
 she asked me if i smoke and i said yeah
 if youre such a stoner  legalize the weed at your shows 
 always party with the weed smoke 
 remember possession of weed in church is illegal.   i dont smokeweed   these allegations are on cameras
 @wwebitches @cp24 @cramersshirt @grassosteve @jimcramer @nascarlens dave oakes has smokes tony the smoke @14 car  dorothy tony the smoke
 suns up say a prayer lets go still snowing @ cherokee  indian territorygreat smokey 
 are you a weed whacker cause your weed is whack yo
 it is so frustrating that the weed situation is so bad in our yard that even a small time spent outside gets her super congested for a week.
 lemme smoke and start my already late day.
 @gottliebshow @matteomiguel someone take the weed away from hippie walton.  zags play in easy conference yes.  but beat arizona and iowa st
 dreads libshempstead @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 i only smoke 1 cigarette yesterday hell yeah
 hey pencewhen your pedaling is not a healthcare plan it just some more republican smoke and mirrorsmikepence
 i smoke to much
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 i expected your room to have like 5 bongs and weed everywhere lmao my closest friends know im trash and love me anyway 
 its fucking nice out. dm me or hit my line i got loud im tryna smoke
 daisy by marc jacobs mixed w weed 
 i really smoke every single day atleast 3 blunts 
 so she went from smoking weed to becoming a crack head and then a meth head amazing 
 i never have to pay when we smoke  
 the majority of marijuanas happen the day after yesterday over 75 
 these gouda grilled cheese recipes are delicious. our apple smoked  bourbon gouda would be perfect for these 
 a mountain of smoked salmon displayed in front of a soothing waterfall is my idea of perfect 
 im at holy smoke bbq in bishop  ca w @navit 
 havent smoked at all today
 i  weed 
 yennn dont want no smoke 
 i hate that i cant just call up @mariethehippie right now and be like hey wanna smoke  i miss her so muchhhhhh
 he smells of weed and cologne. its my favorite thing. 
 @iamseth64 sorry to hear man ill smoke some for ya  camel crush silvers huh @billyeyer5
 the most weed friendly cities in the usa 
 man im bout to smoke 20 blunts tonight.
 happy 420 i dont smoke weed but i know a lot of yall do
 @aleesho youd clip it halfway lmao amp get mad because id smoke the rest
 authorities bust cartels 100 mil weed farms in texas 
 just wish i had people to smoke a blunt with and just talk
 i just pulled all the weeds in the yard on this hot sunday  i decided to reward myself with a 80 purchase worth of @sfgiants clothes 
 truth be told nobody wants to hang out with you if you arent going to smoke or drink with them
 if a nigga want smoke we can take it there
 im bored and im tiring of answering questions bc my brain is mush  send me weed amp pizza plz
 the only things preventing depression from overpowering me are standup comedy  music  and weed.
 this guy just asked me out on a date over facebook and says you know a nice dinner  smoke a blunt. oh
 everybody smoke woods now ...
 women  weed amp weather
 if you cant handle that fact that i drink n smoke then dont hmu tryna have a relationship bc i aint boutta stop for someone temporary lol
 my weed mans gives all his customers a random book every time you purchase a 5 blunt and its so cute and good
 my roommate been gone and the house still smells like weed.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @xdiamondcutx i used to do this when i was a teenager and smoke soooo much weed please dont judge me
 im so happy i stopped smoking weed.
 my granny said they dont call weed weed no more  they call it cash  i said huh you mean kush  she said yea kush
 kbbq valet lots are never empty  theyre always 247 and full of smokers in expensive sweat pants
 driving through the great smokey mountains of tn listening to @thecadillac3 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 725 north port street baltimore  send message. 
 imlff if cannabis had a genome  inmed is mapping it. 
 somebody wanna take me to my hair appointment  i got gas lol  and i aint talking about  weed
 oh well  i got weed 
 stop grabbing titties and smoking weed youre not at ohio state anymore we are trying to win a super bowl 
 man u should have seen my dads face when i told him i smoked in nola proudfather 
 we smoke strictly american spirits
 lowkey dope. get some food and weed and do it on a nice night . 
 bitches can get smoked too if you throwing the wrong set you aint safe
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 grilled cheese brisket sandwich... oh my. grilledcheese bbq @ smoke shack bbq 
 its very easy to not smoke marijuana. you just dont do it. 
 the area just north of grand central smells like pizza and weed
 ask me about tan extending lotions. i have really good prices on hempz  california tan and amir 
 @michaell0302 hemp requires more labour to make it into plastic  more jobs. takes even more work to make it fuel  more jobs.
 something about ravens face just makes me think she smokes cigarettes. she looks like a pack a day with pbr on the side typeogal
 if you gohave been to ivy tech in lawrenceburg  then you know what i mean when i say that the elevator smells like weed 80 of the time
 fuck man i smoke so much i got jaundiced eyes smh i gotta juice cleanse or something
 my dad who doesnt smoke weed asked me to get him an edible to help him sleep... what a time to be alive
 i could have smoked like 3 cigs by now. why am i waiting for this shit
 if you see smoke  it is just the fires of engagement kindling at my school . aledchat 
 let me watch my oysters and smoke this blunt real quick
 i wish the females i hung out with werent so boring amp liked to smoke as much as i do. i need a down ass girl to do fun shit with.
 no wonder weed was banned .they was chiefing reggie blunts .headaches for days  
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 wow i cant smoke for 3 days
 how you be so broke but still find a why to smoke dope 
 my step momma leaving  amp my daddy dont smoke like her
 couple of days off so heres snow day reading of last weeks central  catholic  amp hempfield state games 
 a girl told me one time its either the weed or me   me 
 dont smoke rock
 good sex good weed good life
 i dont smoke crack mfer i sell it
 she then decided to start lightly tapping it on the table to show me how you would break up weed or crush pills with it 
 discussing everything 4m cannabis  education  the economy  housing amp transportation w senator @ilikemike  senate 
 days off clean  smoke  eat  repeat
 freshman behind me talking about smoking the weeds this weekend. their dealer must be a rich dude.
 beautifulmoments curated via @joesdaily  the smoked old fashioned from the @milestonehotel 
 wish i had some brisket.  drinking a smoked porter 2014 by @alaskanbrewing at @ervsmug    photo
 niggas be nervous to smoke in weird places
 like you better had went and got the best weed 
 @dooraddae37 @jfeeva2 disloyal nfl legalized cannabis when they cut you   youll see whos disloyal.
 not overly smokey but its there. keeps the saltiness of the... smoked pineapple tritonia  photo
 i smoked for the first time in a year and i could taste the lung cancer
 trynna go home and smoke already cahah
 i rlly wanna smoke amp goto waffle house right quick.
 stop and go traffic in bellaire on 610 w lp sb between hempstead and fournace  delay of 17 mins traffic 
 i told my doctor i smoke twice a day with my parents in the room hahaha bouta get my ass whooped when i get home
 i cant hang with people who smoke cigarettes
 i just want you to smoke with me babe.. smoke with me babbbyyy  
 convicted weed dealer to crossfit trainer to gym owner. only in vegas.  httpst.co3gmo4szl6b projectfitnesslv vegaslocals fitness
 busted teens arrested for dealing large amounts of marijuana to indianapolis amp zionsville communities 
 maybe a little weed too 
 i know you guys will find this info critical  it smells like weed and spicy italian sausage outside of ups in sf today. update tuesday
 im super laid back and chill right now.....its definitely this weed it has me on cloud nine
 i wish i had a couple blunts to sit here amp have a serious conversation w adrian amp smoke 
 my mom said i cant be friends with her anymore bc she smokes weed. haha rip cs das my only friend 
 @persistergail @seanhannity @brianstelter   ding dong  ur gpa must be in the weeds. not worth trying to educate u. loser.
 i really got scared for a second cause i saw something out the corner of my eye. it was the light on the smoke detector.
 why the hell am i smelling smoke
 the men who stare after they smoke drugmovies @midnight
 feels weird to not smoke weed for a while month. heres to another i guess.
 hate not being able to smoke i think thats why i hate my job now lmao. i miss taking baths and smoking 
 tell me weeds bad again mom show me the stats. ill reply w them mids boiii. i smoke loud 
 i think my ajckeht stills mells liek weed im.. 
 @realdonaldtrump @snoopdogg i guess snoop doggy is one of the stupidest people in the usa wont help nobody only wants to buy his weed idiot
 my apartments paperboy showed up an hour late and left a strong threestory weed scent in the stairwell this morning. forumblazing
 getting an oil change and im watching this guy tell the other guys to come and smell my car because it smells like weed.
 i smoke more than i drink water 
 on scene working house isabella av  one person being treated for smoke inhalation  all person reported out of home 
 guess who slept through a smoke alarm 
 st.patricks day drink special of the day at lil brown smoke shack limerick lad  chocolate mint cookies amp creme  
 wichita falls woman arrested for possession of marijuana in drug free zone. wichitafallsnews localnews crime 
 @forestvvv dont forget to smoke all the blunts today matt  happy bday
 @snoopdogg smoke this man up one time  cause he wilding 
 @chancetherapper  inbox for a free copy of this song when the smoke clears  money new track on soundcloud now 
 my goal is to be a substitute teacher so i can smoke with your children
 incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 39 i90  state fair i690 
 need to smoke hella fucking fat.
 it smells like straight weed in my lyft and i wanna be petty like you selling or nah 
 cant wait this smoke out with my bitches 
 i need real weed. not this shake shit. 
 people always ask me why i dont smoke. cardio already sucks ass as it is  im not trying to do that shit on expert mode.
 smoked turkey amp lockharts slaw @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 need liquid marijuana amp an incredible hulk ..
 @makaksayshi you dont want that bf1 smoke
 cleaned my room and david says now it doesnt look like someone who hits the crack pipe lives here... k david i dont smoke crack psycho
 thank god i dont smoke anymore that shit lame ass fukk.
 @realdonaldtrump @snoopdogg he smokes weed man. @jeffsessions
 @peacefulconserv  scarborough mustve smoked too much somethingorother at that fair.
 feeling a little better now that i have weed. 
 yall never considered him a role model for kids bc he smokes weed but now all of a sudden smh 
 update still at taylors job just chilling. i left for about an hour to go smoke amp her boss just so happened to sh 
 the board of supervisors voted today to ban all marijuana businesses in unincorporated san diego county 
 @potatofi @baihao did you let the magic smoke out
 when you take ya laundry out the dryer and the shit still smells like weed 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in west covina  ca 
 i cant believe steve irwin fucking smoked himself
 it still has the smokey flavor from t... 2nd anniversary imperial stout  tawny port barrel aged 
 me varri viq and his homie from the du smoked like 12 blunts i was so high ian want to be high nm 
 woman weed amp weather therecipe
 i remember keylexis stole treytrey weed  she kushed the whole hood out
 @goodmanespn smoke on the water is my favorite dinner spot. carolina ale house to have a drink and watch games.
 just trynna get home  smoke and watch a movie
 can you od on weed tho. asking for a friend
 @mvrsog just trying to weed out the stragglers
 wine.. weed.. baby falling sleep. going to sleep peacefully with no thinking....
 someone please slap this fuck. cannabis in all forms is great and healthier than all legal drugs. and  has benefits 
 where the late night weedmans i need some to go to sleep 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 dont approach me on some lets chill and smoke shit..it should be can i please take u on a date and lets smoke after type shit
 literally only want someone to smoke  fuck  and do homework with 
 all weed salesman in tifton yall ass dont never be up or yall ass run outta that good weed amp have to sale the poop pack 
 @baileyyourwhite i dont even smoke the devils lettuce
 when an alcoholic tells me i should stop smoking weed 
 searching for easter eggs filled with beauty products amongst colored smoke is the perfect way 
 to kill the weeds you got to take out the roots 33 identify win
 i wanna just lay in this field and smoke a blunt 
 i wish i could smoke blunts in my bed and cuddle something
 weather ed fire smoke on the west side of wku wasnt able to rise high to the sky  since temps above the area are 
 holy shamrocks  thats the best batch yet said pit boss tasting the 14day corned smoked brisket. stpatricksday 1dayaway avleats bbq
 refueling posttrack workout with @bishreid berry hemp banana acai bowl mattjoseph78 
 for every blunt you smoke  save 5.
 the weed beat the xos 
 if i see that shitty goodwill weed in my feed one more time.. 
 been wondering why ive smelt weed in like  every class  but then i realize my whole jacket smells like bud so 
 joey gave brett props for not smoking very much weed while being with me because i smoke so much 
 was at the hospital for 9 hours last night and didnt get home until 4am  all i want right now is to smoke a bowl  but i cant 
 eye fell asleep while rolling a wood last night smh never smoked that bih
 thats why i cant smoke with my nigga bruuh. he will have me looking like this fr 
 if you snapchat me tryna preach some bullshit bout weed just know ima read it  laugh my ass off  block you  then roll another backwood
 im almost out of weed and im almost out of money.... my life is coming to an end.
 holy smokes thank you so much to @billboard amp jkelley for premiering our brand new music video 
 no more weed 
 madame of groups amp 245 smoke trail. ok byeeeeeeeeee @ the box house 
 god made dirt  it dont hurt god made weed  it dont make you bleed 
 times like this make wish i could smoke...
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1431 medfield ave  send message.
 why do people think i smoke weed
 fucking their weed suppliers 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5200 curtis avenue baltimore  violation notic 
 i cant wait to get to miami airport so i can smoke a cigarette inside 
 some days i be wanting to smoke instead of drink 
 wow im so bored. come smoke
 lmaoooooooo. so my whole apartment building got this letter about someone smoking marijuana
 @motherjones ignore this crap. its smoke to hide the dismantling of domestic programs and safety in the name of profits personal im sure
 trump owed tillerton exxon  so he slashed epa budget. no money for climate change.  get it   smoke stacks  exhaust emissions get it 
 since when does neda smoke  bbcan5
 i say aint no music on  he said nah that weed is loud 
 @johnleftwich now  i see the address....is that smoked then fried
 @rileyvelichka when you talk about weed in front of me 
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation 
 dear jeff sessions heres that science on marijuana and opioids you were asking for  via @cannabist
 someone come smoke a blunt with mee
 sorry but when im thinking about shit i dont wanna smoke with nobody.
 im sorry i will never ever smoke cigarettes
 patrick stewart uses marijuana several times a day to relieve arthritis pain  via the @foxnews android app
 when you have a smoke sesh with your bestfriends amp your bestfriends dad.
 im not havin fun no more   i want smoke 
 i just wanna step outside and smoke but my mom knows when i be coming in the house hi and she just be trippin.
 when you leave the club and your hair smell like weed and cigarettes 
 might just smoke a bowl and hit the hay.... prob the best decision.
 more gloomy days ahead. guess ill just wear smokey eyes and vamp lips foreva  not even mad though 
 we deserve a smoke break
 step inside the smokefilled witchcraft market of mexico city  via @broadly
 you niggas really bummy with no hustle but selling weed 
 bout to watch the sun rise on the beach and smoke.
 @russellanjax somebodys crying  where my weed
 @pperks i was like damn what they smoke 
 @zomdadon this is why i dont smoke indica 
 and a pound of weed of month lol thats all tho
 ive noticed that people that smoke weed be more stressed when they dont have any 
 my sister needs to hurry up before i smoke this blunt without her 
 yo my eyes are trippin  i look up and my eyes see foggy and smoke and im trippin tf out rn
 @sassyleggings smokeshow 
 @bjohn352 no wonder sessions says weed is similar to heroin  hes been smoking spice
 im eating all the smokey mac n cheese
 you know its a nice day in downtown erie when you hear all the weedwhacker bikes out
 getting smoke in your eye is the worst
 ladies if you in miami and wanna hang out hmu bottles and ohio smoke  text or dm me 
 you save a ridiculous amount of weed with pipes n stuff. especially if you pair them with a grinder
 your wcw gotta smoke just to have an appetite.
 tj kirk is that rare idiot who knows cannabis  knows the industry  supports the industry  yet voted trump  amp advised to vote trump.  x
 if someone could come up with a strain of weed that didnt make me wanna eat my whole kitchen in one sitting that would be really nice
 ion smoke w ppl ion fw like that lol fr
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 10200 block of se stephens st  portland  or portland fire rp17000021826 1351 pdx911
 on st. pattys we smoke ashton and peterson event going on here at humidor fine cigars 
 well since i cant drink nor smoke.... guess whos ready for some chocolate milk 
 n then when they got weed  they dont hmu lol cool
 medical grade weed plus piss grade beer
 aint hit no weed today 
 when you havent smoked in awhile and your friend has pocololo 
 fucc wearing green today  im tryna smoke that chit 
 that stoner thread was trash lmfao  im gone make a real one after i smoke this wood
 i like peat flavor but this was a bit over the top.... peat smoked stout 
 someone find me a plug out here in san fransisco and a friend to smoke with 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 me and oscar went into a smoke shop to buy our necessities. and we so got drugged i feel amazing rn 
 im smoking leafs no weed just leafs
 drinking an irish stout barrel aged jameson whiskey by @innisandgunnuk @ sublime smoke  
 aint smoked no weed in two weeks im doing good but right na i need a blunt 
 williamsburg is the cannabis kingdom of new york
 how italians smoke blunts 
 lol like people who dont smoke do way worse. we be chilling  
 bouta roll one up and smoke in the cold once again 
 what if you ranked how good food is on the scale you use for the quality of weed where the more it gets you fucked up the better it is
 im lit af and aint even smoke
 bbbrrrruuuhhhhhhh if you wanna take a photo shoot with the blunt  leave the circle and do it with ur own weed wtf bro  pass it 
 the last one was fire  this one is smoke. @ southport amp irving 
 @hectorin081291 i dont smoke  
 i smoke weed  make music  and teach prek
 @bentodelivers has been the best to melooking for an amazing medical marijuana delivery service hit these guys up 
 im convinced... majority of dudes cant hold a conversation anymore. they just try to smoke you up and then penetrate you.
 real smoke this loud with my cat for clarity hours
 aunt smells like marijuana  me no tia its that good stuff
 swallowed the bottle while i sit back amp smoke gelato 
 u suck dick for weed aw so cute
 if you smoke cigs thats a deal breaker for me and total turn off.
 i need answers like is this weed and backwoods giving me cancer @beaniesigelsp
 i just wanna fuck   smoke and chill. 
 debating on if i wanna sit in my car and smoke or go back to sleep
 plymouth police also seized marijuana edibles  mushrooms and butane hash oil @repamnewsdesk 
 i hope all your favorite soccer teams get smoked this weekend.
 i had no idea morgan freeman smokes pot. love this man...
 drink for the feeling  smoke weed for the healing
 vegan lunch spaghetti squash  parsley  red pepper  lemon  roasted garlic  hemp and tabasco  @ 
 have you tried this highquality smoked brisket taco we start with a 14 lb of smoked brisket 
 excited to smoke. fuck. leave me b. 
 fake conservatives are finally being weeded out. first milo  and now tomilahren. hopefully vulgar trumpers will stop pretending now too
 lovely english ale with low carbonation. mildly hopped  richly malted. l... ember smoked old ale 
 it aint the whiskey it aint the cigarettes it aint stuff i smoke
 when u get weed in ur mouth while smoking 
 someone want to help me move ill smoke you out
 decided not to bring the camera to the party last night. we just enjoyed ourselves and smoked like a chimney. 1ambounce
 yummy smoked trout and leek pie way to go piecemealpies @ piecemeal pies 
 if i roll one now  imma only smoke half that bih
 yall wanna see how anti weed i used to be
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 trash ass red neck doesnt do the dishes house smells like cat piss can barely get 10 for some weed bum ass dude
 who wants to smoke
 at 16 head to the store and get some baggies for the weed and at 17 we were dtla selling crack
 what you doing after you smoke this 
 bro i aint smoked all day and people keep asking me to drive places 
 so i got you some weed  my dad realmvp 
 how do ppl smoke all the time like fr
 free smoke 
 free smoke
 free smoke
 free smoke free smoke 
 free smoke free smoke 
 free smoke 8.510
 roll me up and smoke me when i die
 track 1 free smoke 
 yall cant smoke with us  
 ur a laaaaaame and ya bitch breaks down my weed sometimes
 drake smoked do not disturb.
 if i drink  if i smoke. i keep up w the guys. amp youll see me holding up a middle finger to the world  yelling im not just a pretty girl
 free smoke is better than anything on views lol
 and this aint no mid this blunt   yea i smoked a  for lunch 
 fee smoke fre smokkeeee morelife 
 i smoke blunts on ya head . while you bitchin
 a flower never blooms if it holds on to the weeds below. 
 shittt...smoking outside nn its cold af so my breath had me thinking i pulled big af nn just kept blowing out smoke 
 take care number 5 and iyrtitl number 1 tho somethings wrong wit that guy and his whole list lol i need that smoke 
 kmt  portland  no smoke  and glow 
 i think i heard craig and smokey say daaaamn in the background 
 always gotta smoke the new weed  might not be new weed but itll be new weed for that day
 food amp weed 
 this free smoke shit fire tho @johnisabadman
 free smoke free smoke  morelife
 plays free smoke by drake  3 seconds in  amanda i already love it
 dont come around thinkin u gettin saved. just listen to the tape on someone good smoke  just check the date. chop chop
 free smoke
 one great feature about having friends that smoke is that they leave lighters in your car haha
 smoking weed is shit i did in middle school  i had the addys everyday in high school
 who wanna smoke
 free smoke got me wantin this game more and more.
 my cousin and i are tryna smoke but all the kids will snitch us out lol
 free smoke free smoke sound like drizzy stepping the game up for us morelife
 about to smoke a fat bowl  crack a cold one  and knock tf out 
 i love wins.   wins and weed go together brilliantly.  halflingsleaf
 if you really wanna smoke let fitch know. if you really wanna roll let spitts know 
 this is oj  ill smoke to that 
 super soaker baby i could just smoke a l forget i met u...
 like growing weed and orgasms 
 free smoke  free smoke  free smoke 
 you smoke a lot of swishers dont you 
 i do not smoke joes no more  its been since homecoming 
 not a smoker but had to photograph these pastel colored  i was gifted on this parisienne inspo 
 if you smoke biggs unfollow me 
 everyone tell me what you think are pros and cons of legalizing recreational marijuana
 and now the thrilling motorcycle escape from the smoke and dust mines of nairomi
 @cnn  u gonna go radical islam terrorism or cannabis maybe @usagsessions has a point on cannabis ur call.  maga 
 police are using new mouthswab tests to nab drivers under the influence of marijuana and other drugs 
 how bout this for a pulled pork sandwich from the lupton smoke pit  adds new meaning to finger licking good. 
 cant wait to get off work and smoke out 
 lmao at personalized ads on instagram  weed is medicine for people who need to quit the shit doctors feed us like c 
 raw evidence that @drueboyq smokes dicks 
 out of all the experiences one can have that doesnt result in immediate harm  short term exposure to 2nd hand smoke is among the worst.
 @sgtbigc @gopin2020 @jessiejaneduff if there is an advocate careful how u answer qs you are wo pad food gas smokes ....think b4 u answer
 jackson got smoked
 also cigar smoke smells very bad why do people think otherwise
 free smoke free smoke
 @dirtytiedye i used to be able to do work and smoke in highschool but now my attention span is just like...nah
 love girls that smoke.. 
 lunch from frashers smokehouse yum bbq tasteslikehome sogood phx
 allllll the sudden you smoke the weed
 @sujorej no weeds clean ground
 boutta smoke
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ joes cafe   photo
 mfw im told to sit my pretty lil self down so i dont get smoke caught in my hair and smell  
 the british man at the end of more smoke lt
 jit scary asf smoked all the work and now he begging  
 same but i just wanna smoke just to smoke lmaoo 
 i just wanna vibe to some rampb and smoke..
 @itsjacksonb free smoke free smoke
 nvr smoke2much b4 you sleep youll miss out on the good dreams
 lol ill dip to the car n smoke another blunt 
 long live jay  amp long live smoke  
 smokin rapper weed in the morning 
 anytime a nigga hit me on that tip he first disclosure i give is do not try and fuck or touch me. this aint that  waste ya weed on another
 whos in the east and wanna smoke
 think the time has finally come to where i will no longer smoke dope
 we buying fifths or liters and they coming with either a chaser  10 bag of weed or a pint
 this free smoke remix about to go 
 everyone that works in a warehouse smokes cigarettes
 @37notmywife there are two definite sides to cannabis and genetics do play a role
 lets smokeee and enjoy this nice ass day  hmu somebodyyy
 some see weeds  some see wishes...  
 want to smoke some doja and get toppt b4 work @ 430
 is it too much to ask for when i ask for a cool guy to smoke with that loves old school as much as i do
 we sliding like a mf taxxiiii   had to stop amp smoke good gass w the bro  @ lincoln park  
 somebody wanna smoke me out today
 smoking balonga with his high tex smoker lol unckle sean @ halifax  pennsylvania 
 free smoke free smoke
 @teoastar bro u cant smoke without it doe 
 burnt cheese makes the house very smokey
 @kennedy4co sb184 would not allow for unwanted exposure.  if a person does not want to be exposed to marijuana they dont have to be.
  nobodys safe @dylanroto  airhorn @ the smokers den 
 you seem like a sike weed 420 typa girl oh 
 trying to smoke a piece now that were off work 
 we deserve a smoke break..
 song was playing and @mariaamuccci said is this free smoke  morelife
 if i could smoke every minute and second of my life and stay high forever  i would
 i been sleeping on the absolute best reason to get a medical marijuana card
 nate dog hope you ready for the next episode hey  hey  hey  hey  me smoke weed everyday 
 ive had someone tell my mom they know me and we went to hs together and told her i smoke weed. my mom laughed like 
 jesus drank wine  he didnt smoke a blunt  @katelynbrazile
 why does my apartment smell like a legitimate marijuana dispensary rn 
 psn splashgang087 who want smoke 2k17 or come get yo shit cleaned up on ufc
 so did anyone figured out the writing credits danny brown had on free smoke i have the hook more than likely.
 free smoke
 if both of them smoke weed  might as well match for the 1 time  
 to everyone that says  they dont smoke just high on life ..... lmao  oh.  okayyyy
 listening to free smoke during cardio had me like 
 twenty one pilots and ill fall and ill break and ill fake  me marijuana 
 dont make me smoke up all your kush  dont make me pop your cheap ass pills. i do this for the thrill.
 i wanna smoke   i havent in like a month .
 i love the intro free smoke
 im out here smokin weed  speeding. fuck  that  thats me untouchable
 its so weird having to go outside to  smoke when i can just smoke at my place
 @dagenmcdowell i fell in love with you figuratively on imus. you are smoken hot  smart  strong. just what i raised my daughters to be. tx
 if youre gonna work in healthcare or medical  dont smoke cigs 
 i need weed
 see our latest aiken  sc job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 shit cassandra saw that she didnt tell the trojans because at that point fuck them anyway | smokelong quarterly 
 free smoke free smoke aye
 we have 74 pounds of meat going out tomorrow and our smoker is missing
 we keep hearing that theres smoke around this administration and russia smoke like a cloud whats happening is more like a black hole.
 @litboytee @loosecannon  he be shotgunning the smoke from her pussy that dirty nigga
 bout to roll me up some marijuana
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 apparently i would get a lot more bitches if i smoked weed
 smoke weed amp let my hair grow out
 derek offers me weed me im good derek you mean you dont wanna smoke before a drug test
 2 guys smoking joints on the el cerrito plaza @sfbart platform. 2 joint smokers ah ah ah ah 
 ive been so sick these past few days i sound like an 80yr old smoker and it feels like im swallowing nails.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @mosssseley this shit was not the best weed... lmao some reg 
 girls who smoke weed arent cute... theyre sexy af  
 interesting times if you are in the cannabis industry. hold on to your hat kids  this ride is about to get real. yyj bcpoli edibles kush
 one of the rare days where i  actually wish i could smoke
 @panprestige glad to see you recognize the trend in cannabis families excited to see what you have to post
 at 6 on news4jax st. johns county approves medical marijuana moratorium 
 dj clean ... where theres smoke theres  
 its no hairylion or chewbacca  holy smokes this glitter really sticks to the inside of our 
 have you read it or just blowing smoke @realdonaldtrump obamalite 
 ill give you the swisher amp the weed you gotta google how to roll it
 ive smoked a lot of weed as a teenager behind this statue. all it represents to me is good times with my bitches. 
 kathy bangley  planning director  reviewed the ordinance. dispensing marijuana is not exactly same as retail  1495 patients in florida
 tyler pagenstecher  at 18 was found with 3 million worth of marijuana  sentenced to 6 months in juvie  pretty fin 
 niggas talkin bout puttin weed in the goddamn taco.... come on yo
 i see @thismanskii dont want no smoke ova here 
 she dont smoke  but shes going to blow some ...
 the prairie heights middle school won the @cdphe protect whats next challenge designed to keep youth from using retail marijuana.
 so many smokes in pittsburgh jerseys
 since i cant smoke   i eat a bunch of hot fries 
 i dont know why but i absolutely hate calling weed bud  granted i call it like 5 other names but bud sounds weird af to me
 go head and smoke allat bullshit the fuck away  
 i wish i had a endless strain of this weed i got right now  i love smoking this shit
 recreational marijuana recalled because of pesticide residue 10tv 
 crafting the smoked sage margarita by santa fe barman chris milligan of @secretolounge in newmexico 
 i been playing w booty cheeks amp eating grilled cheeses all day so imma just smoke this blunt amp smile
 wish i could smoke
 jihhh tryna smoke a l one time tho 
 when you get in the car and your parent asks why you smell like weed 
 in a bad fucking mood amp i dont have no weed to make matters worse 
 my grandmother 78 and smoke more than me  i love her i swear.
 i hate when smoke gets in my eyes
 gotta smoke something to get the taste of zquil out my mouth
 see our latest york  pa job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 29 s bernice ave  send message.
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 505 arsan ave  bulk dumped in the 
 potheads are still my favorite people. go for a weed review amp get awesome recipes amp insight. 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation englewood  tn
 @naomicatherine6 just wanted to thank you for your show of support for cannabis families hello to your followers and thank you
 how much milk could a milkweed chuck if a milkweed could chuck weed
 confused why posting snaps all day everyday of you smoking weed and doing absolutely nothing with your life is even a thing
 damn i wish i could smoke dope with amywinehouse   purpleheartplaya  @ la fitness akers mill 
 see our latest bremen  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 i dont even smoke but i can feel myself getting high.... 
 oakland votes to end hiring discrimination based on past marijuana use 
 mar just tried to convince me that you get smokers lung from drinking through a straw
 welcome to barnacle bills where the smell of weed over powers everything else in the kitchen
 wheres the free smoke
 thought id reshare these smoked scotch eggs i did a while ago. these are venison but you could 
 school is number one to me  i may smoke weed and all but i get my school shit done before rolling a fat ass blunt 
 i got weed an i got liquor i aint caught a feeling since
 had weed brownies for the first time on tuesday. 
 if you smoke cigarettes thats an automatic 5 points in my book
 @whitneymartin23  true smokey eye.
 chicken schnitzel with a sunny egg  smoked cracklins  pickled jalapeos . there might not be 
 me my mom and my sister smoked 10 grams in 2 days.... we gotta serious problem 
 see our latest arlington  tn job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 chain smoke the loud till i forget my name
 name one rapper who dont smoke bud 
 free smoke free smoke  @ santa monica  california 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 me hey  vice we found 8 400 new ways to shove marijuana into your actual anus
 only in philly do they smoke blunts insdie mc donalds
 filet smoked on a cedar plank why not  it is tapas night and happy hour is kicking until 9pm 
 really only like the song free smoke bc of the way drake says smoke 
 free smoke free smoke ay free smoke free smoke ay 
 no appetite for anything today. been eating this same cup of oatmeal since breakfast cause its the only thing that tastes good. and weed.
 we followed all the hip people and found a good bar lakeplacid smokesignalsbarbecue @ smoke 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station
 so @nathanyoung900 plug onnat gas  not the gas u smoke looool
 i knew i was different woman when i began to smoke out of swishers instead of white owls.
 my grampa got a medical marijuana card and im super jealous
 i remember randomly sitting my parents down in the living room and telling them i smoke  they was so chill about it lmao
 @jaclynhill purple smokey
 @ctfleamarkets yeah i still cant believe that on direct he said he only dealt in small amounts of weed  like really aaronhernandez
 white smoke over manhattan brrrrrr   midtown hellskitchen manhattan hellskitchennyc 
 someone come by and smoke 
 @braincandylive were watching you at @saengernola  my kids want to know how did you build the giant smoke ring machine
 this is all we kno bye the chain smokers hurts my heart 
 tgmdr  10 hour smoked ribs  house made bbq sauce  jalapeo corn bread  horseradish mash  
 my boyfriend doesnt smoke or drink what the fuck is he doing with you then 
 ...projected il could generate 349699m per year on marijuana if prohibition were lifted and the drug were allow 
 god fearin  dip spittin  cig chuffin  weed blazin son of a bucc the james kelly fitzpatrick story
 holy smoke kinsler just missed a papa slam
 puerto rico getting smoked
 i need some rapper weed right now
 just wanna smoke amp chill
 @420digitalweb @npr the article reads like its on the side of the opponents of cannabis letting us know how they feel. give us tools to win
 @katyperry heavenly face....not only commending you katy....for doing such a fantastic job staying clear of cigarettes and weed 
 i smoked too damn much today to not be dead asleep rn im upset
 h3182 new relative to marijuana product packaging and labeling 
 gotta smoke to sade every morning ... my spirit need boosting
 @smokefrmdabluff bruh theres 3 of them going in on him and they have nothing to do with it neither tf foh smoke
 packed now its time to smoke some pack .
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 in budget2017 taxing marijuana as the market grows and investing it in mental health and addition @hscoffield. @canada2020 cdnpoli
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation cleveland  oh
 orchard fire porter now available. 6.7 abv. brewed with beechwood and cherrywood smoked malts. 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i need me a luh boo baby who gone smoke the weed with megtgt
 a persons life must be really good to waste weed like this fuck a design i just wanna smoke 
 lmao the illness is that they cant handle their weed and need a shower to chill out 
 this dude got the best reggie i ever smoked
 current weather in tamiami smoke  80f 54 humidity  wind 19mph  pressure 1023mb
 apple amp red oak smoked osso bucco pork shank with mashed cauliflower  baby heirloom carrots  
 another lie from the us government surrounding marijuana 
 niggas dropped outta highschool to sell weed amp get robbed 
 i would never smoke witchu lol 
 colorado takes aim at the marijuana black market  
 if illinois lawmakers honestly believe that people will legally buy weed that has a 50 tax per ounce  they are grossly misinformed.
 nobody smokes weed for the taste is literally the most ignorant thing iv ever heard. there is literally cult foll 
 are there any chocolate inclusions that help reduce perception of astringency salt  smoke  fruit @eagranieyuh @karinechoco
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 @swagtacular heres something to smoke too  
 luckiest person today @johnboehner he just took a sip of his drink and a smoke
 whats lavar weed man number. 
 now proudly serving @casamigos tequila try our pineapple smoke martini with a touch of cinnamon 
 @edbankzz free smoke
 when she getting on your nerves smoke a blunt and forget that goofy shit
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation grandjunction  tn
 i smoked 3 fire ass blunts w yb amp this nigga got the nerve to get mad at me cuz ion wanna smoke another one
 no matter how many cigarettes i smoke i never get anything done.
 oh and my lungs  because i binge smoke when i drink
 i love alexis reefer
 drinking a smoke filled room by @hopbutcher @ not sure where   photo
 .@rfdpio1 says a fire was in a single apartment on the 7th floor. smoke on flrs 68 poss extension to apt above. no 
 havent smoked in almost a month. just cuz. its so interesting how i process things differently.. not negative or positive  just different.
 not smoking no weed till my career is where i want it to be  than ill be comfortable to do so
 if niggas fw females as hard as they do the game their homeboys or weed everybody would have somebody
 demand the hse grant medicinal cannabis treatment for ava barry 
 she wanna smoke i wanna sell
 this is not smoke. this is fire. 
 the best bite of smoked salmon. upstateeats syracuseeats cny cnyeats syracusefood 
 my weed loud my moves silent
 lemme go listen to free smoke. gotta see somethin
 @mmaxwelljr i wouldnt be shocked if hes moved before od  seems more smoke is coming out as of late. love so much theyre all in rebuild
 @gullsong smoke this pole
 i need a constant reminder to never smoke at my house
 im up so....let me smoke
 what is a working fire  as i watched crews last night invst smoke in bldg last night. can legit call it a job if we dont need a hose
 they said we couldnt smoke in this bihhh and we fucked around and still rolled up 
 in an effort to protect the environment  i use vinegar and water instead of weed killer.  its almost time to douche the weeds...
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 501 s longwood st  send message. 
 @robbradley lack of research on medical cannabis 
 lmao naw nigga i meant we smoked a nigga  
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation kenton  oh job
 we can go to the park after dark  smoke that tumble weed 
 why you use so much weed 
  bampc melrose bbq specials tiday smoked salmon  smoked ribs  amp nachos come see us @ 2617 franklin pike 
 @onpointradio @drbillschindler harvest linen  hemp  and flax for clothing.  shave with curved obsidian or a hot ember stick. be fashionable
 holy shit boutta smoke sum purp  ill be back guys
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 @potus you do realize we dont smoke crack right
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 she cant hit my dope so i told that little bitch to smoke my dick
 another smokescreen 
 gross mechanic eating a burger wheres the weed  i know you got some...he picked up on our extra grungy looks today 
 free smoke free smoke
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 the government are taking these black girls. but dont mind me. just say i smoke too much weed. smh
 @lilbcup miss u finna smoke big dope soon
 this vape got me at the perfect level.  not too fried and not sober. cause that shit i smoked wit ave had me fried
 drinking a juice by smoke brewing co. @ smoke brewing company  
 did you and your weird friends have a marijuana party
 match being stopped due to smoke bombs haha soccer fans are the best
 idk why anyone wouldnt want to hangout with me   like ill smoke you out ill buy you food . just spend some time w me 
 im tryna smoke .. like right now.
 ok but maam  its not the smoke thats gon kill me its the lysol lemon scent you spraying to cover up the smoke thats making me choke
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb at hempstead station 
 drinking a smoked maple brown by @fmbrewing @ first magnitude brewing  
 damn my best friend is a smoke show  
 @speakerryan ok now that this smoke and mirrors that was the acha lets get back to investigating traitor corrupt @realdonaldtrump and russia
 h3178 new relative to the public safety risk of marijuanaimpaired drivers 
 act natural beth theres smoke coming out of your mouth
 @beelzebulba @dailykos i think its smoke and mirrors  personally. notice their tweets yesterday about theres nothing you can do.
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb at hempstead station
 beyboo im a girl in wolfs clothin haha smoke it up. bb love u should being playin dark i kiddies pull ur blinds down please ty bbs now buxx
 howtoachieveinnerpeace do some yard work and pull some weeds. 
 someone come over and smoke with me
 should marijuana be allowed or banned in the city of lakewood 
 be diligent. scrape the grey sky clean. realize every dark cloud is a smoke screen meant to blind us from the truth.
 @yeahthatsjosh weed is more an herb than a drug. plenty people steal other types of medicine and illegally sell it. codeine and stuff. its
 weed  food  weed and drinks
 dont front mfs weed because you wont get youre money
 @nathasurvivor omg yes at least its not toxic for others around the ecig smoker.
 573 smoke outs later and i got the follow back from @gelpkeharry 
 i just wanna smoke...
 kapafterdark @ hempstead  new york town 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 oh my god i love weed
 teenage fever since way back do not disturb glow free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 i dont wanna eat this weed gummy and be stuck in the hospital all day around sadness
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 4705 alhambra avenue baltimore  rear yard is trashy.
 dan the cannabis kid edibles anxietyrelief cbdedibles medicalcannabis 
 all i really wanna do is smoke a blunt with my dad and talk about our lifes and ambitions. @miguelinspace i miss 
 if you the homie amp you aint got no weed ill roll up but if u not the homie im holding out on the blunt until you leave fr lol
 lmao niggas smoke 2 blunts n be in a kush coma 
 no surprise there fucking faggot ya smoke crack dont ya dont ya 
 here i come coming down to block wit that ratchet  i want all the smoke
 aaron stole my lighter right before my flight and now i cant smoke my last backwood  2nd blunt ive had to toss out at the tsa checkpoint
 now i listen to niggas like chief keef and genuinely like the shit...they wasnt kiddin bout smokin weed kill brain cells 
 look what found surviving amongst the weeds metaphor im a little daisy surviving the 
 see our latest ashville  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 billow ghost smoke from my burning ember bones breath new fire from my ashen charred lips bring a spark of reverenc 
 so im wrestling in a church tonight...my body will start emiting smoke in 5...4...3...2... 
 are you really from rochester if youve never smoked a blunt at highland park
 severe smoke outside the arbuckles pray for those being affected by the wild fires
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 someone hit me wit plans  movies  hoop ses  smoke ses . fuck sum  im bored af
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation baltimore  md
 if you ever smoked with joe in high school i guarantee you that that missing lighter you had  he stole it 
 the last generation with the right to smoke a cigarette. this is just election time power to overthrow coloreds 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation lafayette  in
 2nite taste a golden organic cdr perfectly foodpaired wscottish smoked salmon snax amp wine classes start next fri 
 south hempstead ny sat mar 25th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 just smoke it tee emeriken emerikentshirtcompany clothingbrands hypebeast tshirts 
 all the venison sausage amp a little ghost before pulling the pork butt off the smoke bbqlife biggreenegg 
 someone come smoke w taylor and i 
 family lobbies to legalize medical marijuana for their severely autistic daughter 
 that smile doe  @ green street smoked meats 
 i lost out on a job because i tossed a smoke bomb into a school dance. that permanent record really does follow you
 i never leave my house without weed like how did i end up at a public event sober 
 where are the atl weedmen
 dorms smell like weed poorly covered by fabreze and bad decisions
 i have a paper i need to write so is it ok if i smoke your keef
 im covered in other peoples smoke nd vomit and im ready to shower away my sadness
 i thought i would try weed brownies but everyone knows im already a spaz @ mohave dessert 
 these boys dont want no smoke they dont want no cancer
 hold up. you mean to tell me the same person who told me to kill myself bc i smoked cigarettes just so happens to smoke cigarettes now
 i smoke crack and no one stopping me
 i wish i smoked i swear ill be funny af 
 moms tryina move to el paso buuuuuuuttttt weed is legal here now and idk if i want to suffer like that lmao
 i remeber when yall aint want me to hit the weed but now that yall see me rappin yall ask me to hit the weed
 every time i smoke hookah  i get extremely light headed.
 if you going to smoke wit niggas at 330 in the morning..... you single....
 free smoke free smoke
 boutta smoke this blizz and knock tf out
 whos awake and wanna smoke a blunt lmao
 whenever people ask if i smoke amp i say no  they congratulate me amp say  thats really good  which i really dont get why lol 
 i really need to stop smoking weed with strangers
 wont go broke cause i never spend  if ten goes dont smoke dont let them in.
 ahh now its raining..its making me wanna smoke again
 hmmm.....no more walking in the backyard until its mowed sticky weeds sunshine roadtrip 
 i hate rap about weed
 @terezpaylor whats the latest on chiefs draft chatter i know lots of smoke screen  but anything new
 i just want a weed carddddddd
 no smoke amp mirrors  do you have raw talent like this  hiring clippers inc. barber shop. 78 
 no smoke amp mirrors  do you have raw talent like this  hiring clippers inc. barber shop. 78 
 obama is heavy drinker and chain smoker  his wife stated 
 hopes and dreams.... and a whole lot of weed
 i wanna smoke but im fighting the urge cuz im trying to stop
 somebody come smoke with me for my birthday
 me  yea but we broke in paradise so its useless. well not you chainemane ...mr sell weed and use a job as camouflage...besides bro...
 ima cool as nigga but on my lil cousin  try some wild shit ima smoke yo ass
 man  i really be wanting to smoke  but when i do i be feeling guilty because of it 
 mackenna i just straightened your hair and it smelled like weed 
 .@charlieangusndp says he was in a band in response to the question of decriminalization of marijuana. the room laughs. ndpldr
 when drink alcohol and not notice how strong it is  thats when you officially become a alcoholic. same goes for weed.
 truth bein told we used to movies and bowl we used to netflix and roll i used to pass her the smoke she used to laugh at my jokes 
 its great  and inspiring  to read of the success some parents and kids receive taking cannabis 
 my closet smell like straight weed  it be hitting me soon as i open it
 great read on real marijuana and the consertive republican who saw the light because of prescription pill darkness. 
 who wants to come to my apartment with snacks and smokes  asking for me. right now.
 @rickyvelez likely story  you smoked your friends last joint and he punched you. just tell the truth lol.
 drinking done became a pass time for me  but everyone smokes now amp i stopped so ion got no one to out drink
 if you amp two other people had 2 days to smoke both of these bags for 3m who you picking for a team @ em  
 the universe chooses the exact moment im out of weed to shit on me 
 if we can get a decent packaged smoked salmon at wallmart in the midwest is there a need to visit a cosmopolitan food culture like nyc no
 ducks getting squashed saturday @ johnny rivers smokehouse amp bbq company 
 havent smoked a cig all day 
 @lovelylandfill you guys had tacos im jealous  i mean we did go to local smoke for lunch though so
 yall im out of weed
 cardboard smoked salmon
 new smoker...first effort.. ill give myself a b... pelletgrill 
 its sad when you dont fit in with friends anymore because you dont smoke  do drugs  or like going out.
 guerilla glue smokebreak... i needed some euphoria and anxiety 
 5. free smoke drake intros go so hard its really not fair smh  i fw this beat amp the vocals at the beginning  aubrey handled the rest

 i wanna not be sober to not feel shitty but im out of beer and im too poor for weed
 coming from a nigga that dont even smoke  
 free smoke  free smoke ayeee
 sneak out. party. drink. smoke. youll never be this age again  so always take your chances to have fun
 whos tryna smoke
 remember being little amp thinking dandelions were pretty ampevery adult in an 80 mile radius wouldnt let u say that wo screaming its a weed
 @itsmaurteja @harmonysworld im talking about you guys smoke way tou much 
 im high as fuck but the fact im out of weed now is killing my high
 the guys go out wit they ladies i go buy a half amp smoke out the pack facts 
 im gonna smoke weed on 420 just to say i smoked pot on 420
 i dont smoke and i damn sure wouldnt do it in front of my children.
 i smoked a fat ass kush blunt before class then i sprayed my self tf down amp now i smell like a fruity pebble ass bitch
 what is left to talk about if weed is finally going to be legal in canada come july 1st  2018 
 what dumb ass smoked and turned the fire alarms on the stair cases smelled like straight up dank 
 lunch at zoot today 11301230.  smoked chicken  jerk sauce  caramelized onions  crema amp 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 im really out here poolside half naked eating a fruit bowl  smoked salmon amp guac drinking fresh squeezed oj.
  im not good at math im good at weed 
 more no smoking signs needed on campus @fiu  see entirely too many students not knowing were a smokefree campus
 maybe i should start smoking weed.... lol
 i smoke on the first date thats how i break the tension .loosen you up so youll talk to me
 i dont really fuck with people that smoke too many blunts. graduate to papers  friend. love yourself
 see our latest independence  mo job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 this a waste of weed mam rt 
 who got the smoke outchea
 just because you ducking off on the side of a building dont mean i cant see yo smoke 
 last week tonight weed 
 life aint about smoking weed and fucking bitches  grow up
 u know its a nice ass day out when all of chester reeks of weed
 @hickforco @cosendem @colosengop say no to pot clubs we dont want their secondhand smoke.no transporation taxes.try fiscal responsibility
 i once had someone who was drowning theirselves in alcohol at an event tell me to stop smoking weed. lol.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 107 s collington ave  send message. 
 im going to just smoke at m new spot and forget about the world 
 my beautys always been a curse. like the fatal blossom of the graceful jimson weed  i entice with my fragrance but can provide no succor.
 anxiety is like weed cause you think nobody knows but everyone knows
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 sitting next to a smoker in class and i cant breathe 
 more smoke. 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 yeah facts  fuck that bitch lets smoke a blunt i love it
 i think its funny how thos country glorifies alcohol and cigarettes things that can kill you  but is scared to legalize marijuana.
 when i smoke my blunt and its already halfway done.  
 purple weed will forever be my soft spot. 
 bell gardens small grass fire south slauson near 710 fire fighters have it almost out smoke causing a little slowin 
 that thing was smoked
 somebody needs to change the batteries on the smoke detector in the library
 sad songs and loner smoke sesh vibes
 i been eating weed everything all day  
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 anyone want to smoke with me
 too bad i dont smoke anymore  
 im in awe of this historic loblolly moon pine in hempstead county arkansas. read more soon @onlyinark 
 holy smokes. 
 i have yet to find a weed man in the quads with gas stronger than my plug in the gump yall shit must be air pack
 nbs dude smoked hella layups 
 when your sisters boyfriend brings you weed when he picks her up 
 i just remember that i smoked three joints and two blunts with dizzy wright
 campus evolution smells like weed 247  has weave covering the parking lots  and catches fire at times. rushcev
 dabs make me fiend to smoke a blunt 
 bout to take a smoke break.
 equalpayday womans rights.. or the rights of the third world.. the illuminattis fries are curled.. they remind me of how smoke swirled
 @cnnpolitics unmasking is just right wing spin. an attempt to put up a diversionary smoke screen to protect trump.
 the russia did it amp all russia talk are a smoke screen to the political spying of one party on its competing party. 
 let me smoke my weed 
 structural steel melts at 2070  pvc burns at 900  crack has a smoke point of 194. the falcons blew a 25 point lead. illuminati. i85fire
 why is nj transit running on a weekend schedule on weeday update your website schedule hatebeinglate
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation lenexa  ks job
 i sit back and smoke my smoke be thicker than a twitter hoe
 there was a girl passed out  in what smelt like a weed coma  sprawled out on a couch in the middle of one of the academic buildings sametho
 @hightimesmag you must admit that even the slightest hint at a crackdown and there will be a run on weed and hord 
 @dallasfireresq dfrprevention installed 620 smoke alarms in @cityofdallas  in march. call @311dallas 2 get urs free 4067 in fy1617
 @marquisantonio9 qbs that the texans have started over savage hoyer  mallett  brock  keenum  fitz  weeden  yates. 
 u. dont. smoke. 
 im trying to smoke a blunt on the beach
 im a pot smoker in ca supporting this 
 dont forget the nigga that smoke em out 
 my weed 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 i miss smoking weed 
 there aint no drama with some marijuana
 fyi cannabis was available for purchase over the counter in australia prior to signing the treaty of versailles in 1919.
 @poutinerie hey smoke  i told you i had a sticker on my laptop my fav brands brandambassador from vancouver  gr 
 burger special this week is the local grassfed with homemade smoked tomato creme fraiche  
 im just tryna smoke some reefer. got damn.
 @newttrump if susan rice was hooked to a lie decter machine smoke would come out of it. lies lies and more lies
 dear @littlecaesars  your smokehouse pizza is da bomb. my husband wants to know where to get that crust seasoning. nextlevelpizza
 @joser1 that weed you dont fool me
 someone come over amp smoke with me. 
 its a nice ass day out tho weed got me feeling blessedandgrateful 
 i dont smoke to get high. i smoke to survive. i smoke every day.
 me mom do you want to bring me some cigarettes to school tomorrow  kirsten elise your voice already sounds like you smoke enough of those
 miami weed different
 @cnnopinion really your still calling the susan rice revaluation a distraction  or smoke screen
 again so to @kadenweaverbmx for puttin me on smokepurpp 
 pussy  art  and weed.. my favorite things in the whole wide world 
 if my plug dont serve me with the new kimoji weed bags i dont want it.
 i love weed it helps me sleep at night
 bout to smoke a blunt  relax  and then go to bed 
 you dont need to send me a video every hour of your weed or you smoking  i get it  you smoke my dawg
 just smoked with a fine ass white man plzzz
 if youre gonna smoke please dont roll a fat blunt mom
 driving around with weed in the car in kc now gtgtgtgt
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 nicole just told me she smoked 3 liters of weed today idk what that means
 i need to smoke
 lil pump and smokepurrp stole dex whole adlib
 free smoke free smoke
 i want my makeup done all pretty amp then smoke with @tiannag.....but first let me get some muscle so im not the duff
 im doing a persuasive speech on medicinal marijuana for my speech class..... lol
 how is tobacco legal  but marijuana isnt just sayin but i dont get it
 its people that smoke they never even heard mary jane lmao
 fuel for my workout this morning eggs with spinach amp smoked paprika  avocado on wheat toast  
 i aint smoke in two days .. wtf
 i really wanna sit in the bleachers at night   smoke   and have deep conversation ... but you cant do that in durham 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 35813601 falls road baltimore  b 
 if me and my hoes link up w u and your dusty niggas and you dont smoke us out im gonna ask you for some money or my round bc who are you
 where there is smoke  there is more smoke.  
 that intro on free smoke is unnecessary.
 @maryannfreeland @phyllishart16 @rockprincess818 they are cleaning and cooking and delivering weed narcotics
 i get that the rumor weed from veggie tales was a villain  but i still cant help but feel like we would be friends.
 @theslumpgod what weed u onits the afternoon lol
 yall may shit on vaping but if i had a choice of dealing w orange sherbert smell or tobacco smoke smell ill take mr. vapelord pls
 h3559 engross industrial hemp cultivation 
 i drink the devils nectar and smoke the devils lettuce
 yo i feel special everybody tryna smoke me out today lol
 free smoke for this fuck nigga 
 i knew barry mannilow was a cock smoker
 wv senate accepts stricter medical marijuana bill 
 amp in n carolina news via @wral statesville hospital employees treated after eating cookies laced with marijuana  
 @jackbrewster my plan for post hs was smoke lots of weed and drink lots of beer. probably wouldnt pass.
 pork belly  pulled pork  smokes turkey amp bbq ribs. so many options to go along with 3 pint night. brewsandques 
 kansas city just voted to decriminalize marijuana. merica
 @gummiegirls wait these are weed gummies
 i aint know you smoke 
 it was reported that all she liked to do was play video games and smoke weed damn rossi why u talking about like dat criminalminds 
 @massgovernor people voted for legalized recreational marijuana. it passed. cut this crap about its future being uncertain.
 off work  picking my roosters up. go home shower and smoke. and chill
 who wants to smoke each others blunts simultaneously
 really like being able to have the windows down in my house but really hate my chain smoking neighbors cigarette smoke stinking up the place
 @stevesaka s muestra de saka nlmtha honored to be one of the few to be able to smoke it. 
 smoking on dis durban poison
 popcorn dipped in habanero ranch weed gets the brain moving
 out in the truck to smoke amp im hearing shit in the bushes next to the truck 
 friends  whiskey amp weed. today wasnt so bad.
 bruh i could smell the weed at the dispensary literally miles down the road 
 i literally just chain smoked 7 ports thats how stressed i am 
 he said coo buds like crack i dont smoke it i just sell it 
 canadian firm launches marijuanafocused etf  via @inveurope
 incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station 
 i smoke at wrk 247 
 so the app is fubard on the bright side  denvers got some great weed. housekeeping must get great tips on check out days canttakeitwithyou
 fuck it cuz im good weed puffin and my whole team stuntin boy wassup
 we really talking about weed in class lol
 update construction on westhempsteadbranch both directions from valley stream station to west hempstead station 
 and if you dont smoke then why the hell you reachin for my dutch
 when you have everything you need to get high except the weed ltltlt
 you cant change that the fact that someone you thought loved you doesnt anymore   so dont try. smoke a blunt  have fun and love life 
 shorty smoked my dick den i pass out
 @xavierwulf are you gonna be at the 420 smokers club thing
 600 breezy was spittin straight flames in that free smoke remix
 mixing pills and weed  wish me luck 
 taking friend applications females only gotta be pretty  drama free and a smoker  oh and ya picture taking skills gotta be on point
 really wish i knew somebody that was down to goto this pop up 420 meal thats only 200 dollars with weed pairings in the lay
 holy smokes 
 im just trying to smoke a bowl n my dad n brother r truly killing my vibe
 i smoke with my big cousins lol im the youngest
 wonder why the car so smokey and i wonder what happened 10 mins after that 
 i dont smoke crack muthafucka i sell it
 eventually someone in the right position will support the vision. well continue weeding out all the nos till th 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 @xofficialangel  you must want smoke  
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 well shit thats to bad i got a blunt and weed see you clown 
 so then the question is be humble a bonus....like that women  weed and weather... song i forgot about 
 me complains about money  also me sustains self on a diet of overpriced almond butter packets and smoked salmon canap
 @uberfacts but it was very good weed
 it dont matter. rather a smoke session tho 
 i remember when i was in school kids would smoke weed at school  thats illegal did you report them na. lol
 so what i smoke weed  i get my shit done.
 roll my got dam weed
 havent bought weed in like 2 years...
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 the radio keeps mentioning healthy smokers. isnt that an oxymoron
 of youve never smoked in the shower i highly recommend it
 this nigga really just put salt on his weed to make it seem like he had crystals on his shit 
 can anyone is calabasaswoodland hills get me weed plz
 were about to take weedwhacker to @ajitpaifcc amp all other corporate  lackies that want to kill open internet. 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 it stresses my soul out when my mom tells me to stop smoking weed
 i want to get on periscope but i dont want to be that one person that just smokes on periscope
 @carlmuhlstein robots. what is all this crybaby stuff anyway you should love marijuana. we are going to help you g 
 i learned yesterday that theres people out there so addicted to smoking that they roll up smoke sage.  boi if u dont get cho ass.
 hit this weed cause it might calm you down ill rub your feet listening to everything you talk about
 i promise when i was pregnant with zac i didnt even smoke  amp i deff dont plan on it either with any pregnancies
 i need to smoke....cause im sick as fuck
 im quit smoking weed sorry not sorry im done forever never smoking weed ever again
 northwest cannabis solutions will be here today be 3pm  7pm. come on down and check out their 
 people are probably thinking of weed that isnt taxed because its illegal so shut up feminists. you have no leg to stand on
 @noelxvxo i guess you gotta grab every penny when you sell weed in sidney  ohio noel...its a struggle
 me when scientists finally say weed is bad for you 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 swimming class where i realized i smoke a lot of weed
 i honestly dont care if nfl players smoke pot.but the deflection technique from pro pot folks that its only a pain mgmt thing is hilarious
 @theonolurp you smoke leaves 
 when my dads gf calls our smoke sessions nerve therapy  
 so many edibles. wax pens. vapes. drinks. chips. dabs. marijuana is not a leafy green substance anymore. asca17 
 if smokey sees his shadow  do we get 6 more weeks of winter break
 people who smooke weed think very differently  are not closedminded..
 recap of 2016 smoke management program in jeffersoncounty osucoarc cofarmfair2017 
 totally paranoid now we have large quantities of hemp oil from kyle turley and now the coos are here 
 lmao my dawg harry really wanna cook for the weed. my nigga
 since the wife left on a retreat   i cooked some red beans and rice w smoked turkey neck and 
 just wanna smoke im aggy
 i just find it funny that im hs ppl would talk shit bcc i smoked amp now they smoke omfggggg
 bruh this nigga smoked the fattest joint before this cuz idk who the fuck uses these 
 i hate when the weed man doesnt answer like tf its ur job
 last night i had a dream that i smoked weed with @kimkardashian 
 @raidersanalysis holy smokes man. well glad youre ok. is there blood tests to catch that type of stuff
 everyone around me wants to smoke and i cant and it sucks
 i hate when people ask me eww you smoke cigarettes  well lets see here duh bitch what it look like im smoking 
 i dont need to have a fist fight with you when i can just smoke you amp carry on with my day. 
 smoke a lot of weed to keep these nighas off my mind.
 sus gave me a shotgun  yall kno im a fake smoker 
 plz listen to dope smokes x chief keef. changed my life
 so you wanna smoke or
 285 channelwood circle tower response report of  fire  smoke   1146pm prob food on stove call
 285 channelwood circle hirise response report of  fire  smoke   1146pm prob food on stove call
 i dont do mid grade weed  im only smoking og. 
 @cbcelestine444 pierres is i dont stir the pot  i smoke it
 i have 500 invested in weed 
 i wanna smoke but not alone .... smh ill just sleep 
 i wish i was still a weed smoker
 i dont smoke anymore..
 i wanna smoke a whole lot of backwoods  but my surgery is tue
 there is  in fact  a form of insanity caused by excessive use of weed.
 this nigga gonna bring reggie to the smoke session 
 hes like a lighter to my cigarette  watch me smoke 
 im at the legislookahead this morning w @wvpress. reps from legis  chas pd  wvu healthsci  natl marijuana init. are here. stay tuned.
 insurer must cover novascotia mans medical marijuana human rights board 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr   delaware  oh
 day off and up early whats everyone up to today who wants to come smoke and chill and eat lol
 the cops are outside my window trying to get into my neighbors apt bc theyre probs selling weed  hows your morning
 dont miss clara hemphill  @insideschools founder at one of her free informational events  
 i needa leave school amp smoke an l rn. 
 how much do i have to pay @leodicaprio to sit in a sauna and smoke a blunt with me its for science.
 there will be smoked prime rib tonight  foodporn primerib smokeygoodness wheresthebeef 
 i love smoking weed thank you world for weed
 outside this house i smoke loud and fuck bitches you fuckin nerd
 everyday its like soooo how much weed am i buying today
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins 
 holy smokes 
 fresh curds amazing but cheddar  brie  swiss  marble  old  medium  mild  gouda  parm  smoked  jack  feta amp halloumi are all close seconds.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1503 e clement st  send message. 
 this pistoff kristoff is outstanding stay smokey  
 ttried the sweet potato poutine w waffle cut sweet potato fries  gravy  smoked cheddar amp mozzarella. dovf 
 word is that this is kind of bitter.  drinking a wolf among weeds @ golden road brewery   photo
 wen ya uber lets u smoke the roach real quick gtgtgt
 i really cant smoke dutches no more shits so disgusting to me now
 i dont smoke but ive definitely seen my cousin do this hella times 
 my brain hurts. dont so the lean guys or the marijuanas theyre evil.
 why is everyone picking up straight  weed and telling everyone they got the best smh 
 no mid smoke 
 she kinda looks like she smokes crack or something  you know 
 from here on out im dedicating my life to weed cuz thats all i care about apparently
 who wanna smoke some cantaloupe
 i aint hear a nigga smoke that grammy family beat like hov and boom on my life not being sarcastic
 giving out free smoke to anyone that wanna try and talk down  let me fucking know 
 2 types of people in this world. i either wanna smoke a blunt with you or stick my middle finger in your eye socket.
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 i have to get tickets to migos one day so that mary will smoke weed with me
 just cause i wants to smoke doesnt mean i dont have great ideas 420 helps them come out better an dont care what others think @wizkhalifa
 someone smoke this last blunt with me for a while . i gotta get a goodjob  and focus on a different path
 tell me this idiot is not a higher learning professor my grad school profs wouldve smoked my thesis for her level 
 whos down to smoke
 @kaylilynn  girllll lets smoke later
 @leestarr4 does she even smoke dope
 here is the official tier ii bracket from the cpihl best of luck to hempfield  central york  annville cleona and m 
 niggas say they want smoke cus where i stay   til i skip states and im in they face  like whatchu say
 fuck trump  smoke a blunt. smoke a blunt with ur beautiful face. ur beautiful. fuck trump tho  very stoned boy on the common last night
 who trying to smoke in boro
 i only feel the urge to smoke when im stressed.
 fucking left my weed at my boyfriends  why do i do this
 the kid just came from 100.3 smoke season radio station big things soon to come in the works for heat st cloud and block bezzle hbe
 homework alldone now time to smoke
 @sheeaneedham go smoke
 thirdhand smoke may harm babies study 
 one of your drivers just smoked me out @uber
 someone smoke with me 
 gas what i smoke.
 i cant wait to get off ima smoke one of the fattest ls i had in a while
 wow im hung over but i left my weed in bowie. am i gonna die
 when you dont smoke or drink so you dont go to that party. fine with me 
 @iyanlavanzant tell that to the bodies of tamir rice  eric garner etc. tell it to the countless black men serving damn near life for weed..
 porchetta style pork belly  with marinated field peas  and topped with some smoked cracklins  
 fucking smokerrrrr and black  
 i literally just wanna face blunts until my body cant inhale no more smoke. i need a real smoke break im tellin ya. life crazy.
 if i was in chicago i wouldnt have to look for weed that shit on every block
 houston got the stars out today downtown lit af for features  booking  and any other information contact smokedoutent2014@yahoo.com
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  customer to customer  reefer freight   cdl job
 not rlly a smoker but id say the third  gatorade is just whatever to me 
 hate that i have no appetite unless i smoke
 we get it. you smoke weed. 
 goodtimes @ axinn library  @hofstrau in hempstead  ny 
 sativa dream green  i would love to smoke this with you  
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 so when they legalize weed will all the inmates be free that were charged with possession 
 my coworker takes smoke breaks like every 30 minutes and its annoying af
 walked through a fraternity neighborhood and it smelled like straight up weed
 dead lost all that weed 
 new sign i had to have it the biggest negative side effect to cannabis use is law enforcement 
 on menu tonight @voltrange hunter sausage smoked venison  rabbit and garlic  sunchoke relish  
 @jimcramer what about the smoker and the midnight toker
 brisk half amp half blueberry lemonade taste like weed but that hoe good af 
 i need to get all this weed out my system
 we had to stop by woodys smoke house to get her a turkey leg 
 sat amp sun only grilled ny strip w smoked garlic butter  roasted broccoli amp kabocha squash   @frozentropics 
 im the happy smoker  
 i put my weed in yo blunt. 
 w420 weedfacts i dont fuck w lemontree just lyftedlemon  
 @momolives we smoke in my apartment so its not noticeable to us.
 i wanna try weed brownies again.
 when they say smoking cigs is nasty  but thats not what you smoke .. 
 cant breathe in this uber. i better not smell like smoke when i get out ewwww 
 all the smoked wings. all of them. @ hooters in saugus  ma 
 good vibesampgood weed
 @datopiccc girl yes im so ready to smoke drink fucc around and do a line  this nigga had me dead at the start
 fyi  those 75 gs warriors they spoke so highly of were smoked by 75 aba ky colonels in matchup of league champs. justsayin
 shower smoke sleep
 vegan secretmenu hotsauce oystermushrooms pure cabbage aerated with cocnutmilk smoked 
 i smoked weed once and i... coughed
 who tryna match  or smoke wit me  
 portland pd on point with the weed related gif again. 
 lets smoke a blunt or two
 no feeling like u cant breathe and its a better high smoking weed than cough syrup.but sometimes i see pure beauty closing my eyes on it.
 its so funny to me when guys from the bay tell me tryna smoke ill come swoop and im like oh yea ok drive 1800 miles to come get mefoh
 alot of ppl i hit up for weed really let me down tonight.   real friends by kanye starts playing
 cant wait to perform at this smoke fest.. ages 18  @fitztaylor headlining ... in the dino i 
 id rather be your nigga  so i can get drunk amp smoke weed allll day
 @ayeekaraa bitch screen shot cuz you a god damn lie thats a shame weed make you gay hoe 
 i deserve a smoke break
 do you smoke custom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 sam cooke  smoke rings
 im at banger in hempstead  ny 
 whos up and trynna smoke hit 
 lol bring me a wood ill smoke with you 
 who wanna smoke rn im bored
 i smoke a lot of gas
 i only smoke on weekends...lol
 what kinda boys you like  me weed
 these bitches do anything for a lil coke and weed
 its three and imma go smoke a newport...
 i dont even care to smoke bud never really cared to drink but i have a serious addiction......caffeine and its a problem
 and smokes wood tip black amp milds 
 my room smell like smoke from the jerk chicken grilling last night 
 probably just go eat  not even that much weed 
 smokedchickenwings chipotle bbq smokeybones @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  colonie  ny 
 mlb the st. louis cardinals have prohibit the use of smokeless tobacco products  like chewing tobacco  at all games at busch stadium
 @jacobfrey what is your position on state marijuana legalization
 there was so much smoke. brave @charlestonfire was on the scene. sad for this local business amp hope everyone is sa 
 my car smells like weed  beer  and cigarettes. signsofagoodnight
 im about to smoke like 700 cigarettes bc work is so busy. idc if im late lmao
 im not sure if its the air or what but legit might not smoke any tree out here
 todays the type of day to just smoke and chill
 being in a state where weed isnt legal kind of makes me just want to curl up in a ball and cry
 up in smoke  f madeinbaltimore @ latrobe homes  baltimore 
 bitch i smoke the best og
 200 wings on the smoker. lets go falcons riseup at @riasbluebird in atlanta  ga  
 nothing better than coming home to a free base and finding weed in my room 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 31803208 e pratt st  mattress dum 
 biltmore the street we used to ride up and down waiting for a man to bring us weed
 kid cannabis.. i think thats the name 
 hey truth if you really want to smoke this shit right here. riseup  sb51
 here to smoke that super bowl.
 we gon blow smoke in the sky..til we cant open our eyes superbowlchillin @ bee cave  texas 
 why is it so hard to find a guy to watch football  smokedrink  and eat pizza with
 smh i didnt wanna smoke today n im out here bouta smoke like 3 blunts lmao
 @meghanchel on yes i hope so too hes imploding anyways  cant believe we dont see the smoke from his ears yet. 
 love is a smoke raised with the fume of sighs being purged  a fire sparkling in lovers eyes. neslihans 
 well im tight someone facetime me while i smoke..... or even match
 no smoke
 i hate people that smoke shorts.
 and stop telling the internet you sellin weed snitch
 ya mcm used all ya squirrel fund money to buy weed
 if u voted no on parents smoking weed  do u think they arent attentive enough
 accident  center lane blocked in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb at hempstead tpk  stopped traffic back to merrick rd  delay of 41 mins
 just about to smoke this wood and go back to sleep
 if you want smoke i can offer that 
 im a smoker 
 let me get up so i can go to my fav weedman then go get something to eat
 who need weed im mobile mob
 calling me lame because i dont smoke or drink or party will not make me do it nor will i care what you think of me
 just wanna smoke and sleep 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 wordplay is now on thursdays in fort worth 1912 hemphill st free before 9pm 5 after for more 
 ill be rich if i stop smoking because all i do is buy is weed 
 all i wanna do is smoke with ya. sit down amp eat dinner with the folks with ya.
 hands over the weed alright  you be safe now
 hate the smell of weed now that i dont smoke 
 the joker  smoker  midnight toker softenabadguy
 i told my dumbass brother years ago i can make vapable weed uberride
 me amp bre finna get on this lean  smoke these woods  bake these cookies  watch this netflix amp ko.
 you make me wanna smoke this whole ounce rn
 2 likes and im high off this fucking weed lol
 you smoke weed and drink bc if you do heroin youre gonna be a junkie who cant function like a normal person  not 
 i really need a smoke break
 gtgtgtgt smokey 
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 @politicsnewz make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message msg
 @potus i bet you couldnt make money on industrial hemp  lord dampnut. let alone fix our economy with it.
 got a blunt full of weed
 these boys dont want no smoke they dont want no cancer.
 whip that  smokepurpp
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1180 washington blvd  send message. 
 i cant wait for the day when i have my own place and i can smoke blunts in my living room 
 if it aint that gd kush i dont wanna smoke it 
 i hate them annoying hoes that hml just to smoke but dont be tryna match im only smoking u out if u bad amp im tryna fwy
 dont wanna leave my room time go outside amp smoke a blunt 
 representing those in the weed biz the rules are...like...wow dude.....not really welldefined....httpst.com45tgmy7cn
 but  i am not someone that identifies as a weed smoker or a stoner  please  remember that. when i travel  i just live in the moment.
 @laurelmildred @nydailynews youd have to show us the science showing causal relationship to get traction. youre out in the weeds here.
 but ... if you dont want to smell like weed ... we have a stash bag for that. 
 bouta win and smoke all 14 gs the same night  
 every time i wash clothes i either find weed or money
 anybody care for a smoke
 @nursemaryjink hemp still loves us even those who had turned their backs on her. cannabiswellness hempbetterplanet
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 since vday is on a weeday do you celebrate the weekend before or after
  blow the smoke out like its hookah 
 another thing about living back home with my mom ... i cant smoke in her crib lol 
 holy smokes 
 cannabis smokers  patientsrecreational  unite. together we need to bring attention to this problem   
 @josiahpopoola nah if they smoking the weed they still smoking a gram. but they really smoking all rillo
 i need a smoke sesh
 i wonder how much  of mine my friends have smoked
  smoked that boy  like a loosie  yeah 
 you ever smoke a cigarette while chewing nicotine gum
 nah i had homies that would rather spend money on weed than food. be like nahhh buddy. u smoked your meal away . 
 @magsdillags no weed didnt but its impotant to b nice 2 him for still offering i guess
 @refugeejesus @democrat4trump @anncoulter @teamtrump there are many good muslims however  radicals need to be weeded out
 one day i will live somewhere that doesnt constantly reek of beer  piss  garbage  sweat and weed.. but it probably wont be soon
 drinks by the fire at the wicked weed. asheville
 i asked my sis for virginia slims amp havent gotten any in the mail amp now im a little sad because today is a smokeintherain kinda day.
 firing up the white oak in our smoker. oceanokitchen ok smoker ribs check or daily menu on gt 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 its really a joke that weed is in the same category as mf heroin and crack
 if you smoke weed daily  your life is fucked...
 all because some stupid bitch wanted to talk shit.... lol witcho weed smoking  crack smoking  3 different baby daddys ass
 dont send me help or love  send me weed
 girls sleep all i got is weed and basketball tonight....
 @xojilliaan lace his weed
 lets just smoke   fuck   and yu tell me how ya day was
 so im rolling up i asked my coworkers do they wanna smoke with me this nigga like no i dont smoke weed i said so whats that he said wet 
 aint smoke all day
 under the stars we can vibe  we can meditate bringin water  marijuana  we can medicate so dont you hesitate. why d 
 rt if weed makes u happy
 @sansaxswift @amosjheller reminds me when taylor swift 1989 smoked minute maid park withherpyroandrockedthe place i remember @taylorswift13
 take the weed amp leave the money ..... take the wattttttt amp leave the watttttt 
 all i did in the military was smoke a lil blunt  yall going to the whole ass meth lab...christ in heaven.
 tryna smoke
 i smoke by myself it be so relaxing 
 @oppositepicks i smoked all my weed up on this years super bowl5 joints up babyjust like 5 super bowl ringspuff  
 yall realky be rolling weed in anything 
 i have a cough that gets worse the longer i dont smoke weed
 no seriously u can go back2 ur crybaby scardeycat freebie enabled world ampgo smoke anothr bowl of pot ampescape all 
 i jusss wanna smoke with my dad   
 i would show up to work on the day that we do a coffee with a cop event with two 18ths of weed in my backpack...  lifeoftyler
 moments before this they smoked bathsalts 
 a surprising number 2 of my lyftubers here have smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. im guessing theyre on their way to being rated out
 can i just go home and lay down and smoke a blunt
 medical marijuana want more dispensaries fewer more people to get treatment or less today is your chance to let 
 ld499 new an act to allow municipalities to prohibit retail marijuana facilities in safe zones 
 icouldnotbehappierif marijuana went extinct
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 is it possession of marijuana or joint custody
 if you do more than smoke weed or coke..... i cant fwy
 if you got a car and you smoke in it but you dont want it smelling like roaches all the time you gotta get that blunt power spray 
 the more people stop fucking with me the less people i gotta smoke with 
 my partner and i finally had the weed talk lmfao
 @sneakiivafc @auditoryesc @jbwdn @twright5 the ban is a smoke screen to placate his ignorant followers. refugees arent terrorist.
 your weed sucks anyway id rather be sober.
 @javierblas2 so refineries all publicly against bat is a smokescreen it seems to me their stance means they will be hurt by it if implement
 thick cut smokehouse bacon sizzling away in our artisan fire pizza oven. were shooting our 
 @reviewjournal the people voted and passed recreational marijuana. time to stand down and get out of the way. 
 marley unlawful to advertise consumption of marijuana  but businesses could still advertise
 aye dm me  if you dont smoke and youre trynna make some money lmao
 4th question tobacco smoke already seeps into neighboring businesses. how to control clean air
 dagwood day capicola  smoked bacon  salami on tuscan with blue cheese  caramelized onion  hummus  pickled jalapenos amp greens numefood
 @cooperroisin yes. everyone safe.  smoke smell no bueno.
 okay i know that weed camouflaged as limes look fake af but give them credit for taping two tons of weed into limes lol
 i gotta take a wizz test to my p.o.  i know i failed cause i done smoke major weed bro
 fwm n get smoked fwm smoke too
 im thrilled that my favorite anime  ginga nagareboshi gin amp ginga densetsu weed are getting so much attention.  
 id rather walk from the east coast to the west coast than spend another minute in a smokers car.
 today that smoke a blunt  walk around 161 with ya chorty typa day
 exercise routine smoke a cigar in the park and watch the runners go by.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 703 beaverbrook road baltimore  send message. 
 i need something to eat before i smoke
 @thenardvark @theobamanista christopher hitchens smoked and drank too  damned sure hed hate bannon.
 msnbc mtp @chucktodd needs go back to counting beans he has destroyed and overexposed mtp brand lives in weeds royal pipsqueak
 colorados economy is strong  without weed. 
 i cant believe people are still selling weed on instagram 
 cant smoke so i gave my rig away
 who got weed in southwest philadelphia
 no wonder why so many people i work with smoke. 
 accident blocking two right lanes in fortworth on 20 wb before mccart ave  stop and go traffic back to hemphill st  delay of 4 mins
 i smoke like i eat chicken check my header
 i been so sick i havent smoked anything since sunday yuhh im maaaad sober wtf
 i need to workout but im just going to smoke a fat ass blunt and go to bed 
 want to smoke 
 rachel im addicted to dick and weed
 bourbon means i need to hang out in the back alley and smoke real quick. 
 it aint no smoke outhere so sad
 i swear these the ones i cant smoke with lol 
 im just trying to smoke  take some nyquil and pass tf out.
 lol them weed naps be having me sleep all day
 continue to waste my money on smoking weed  or become the dealer for the folks wasting they money on it 
 im just holdin onto my breath i need smoke just to exhale
 lots and lots and lots of ganja 
 might smoke a blunt when im back
 @stevenzzhou trump should spent half the time praying to root out inner weeds as he does weeding out opponents. bad
 @fred4three that too  but if you put grinded up weed in something you would have to bake it first for it to really do anything
 i need me some weed to smoke   so i can think to myself and sale and i have no money 
 i want my old school weed  and not what they got here killing me
 my momma made cabbage  smoked sausage amp potatoes yesterday ampampampamp cornbread  omg finna smash this lil plate
 @tiakenyatta weed and wings
 im just tryna smoke this blunt in peace
 just smoke and roll a blunt with @designerhigh designerhighdenver wheresthefun denverweed 
 yeah just walked past people smokin weed thats gr8
 @gavinwakeupcall if you were in roseville  technically it is illegal to drink and smoke
 so @sayum3x and i were at dennys and smelled weed. our waiter came up and asked if we smelled it.
 i smoke till i choke till i get busted 
 i know weed festivals r still not easy to put on. locations r hard 2 get cuz the neighborhood dont like weed. but still 5 countys in da bay
 day off whose tryna smoke up  
 @brithume decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same 
 we got to have a cute lil smoke sesh. happy monthversary to us being friends  
 everybody look at him as a smoked out thug   but i look at him as my thug 
 i bet him a 3.5 on the game omg betting with weed 
 whos crib can i slide to n smoke
 this is why i cant fuck with yall. apparently  im blonde and smoke pot so that means i sleep around  
 ready to live on a marijuana farm and complete my dream of living in a tiny home in the woods with bae
 have you ever smoked with people you didnt even know their name
 yall be having all this money for weed and liquor but no money for your rent or car payments wheres your priorities 
 last day at champs trade show las vegas. retailers and headshops stop by and say high weedwipes is the fastest gr 
 @america1st @flossygurl if institutions wanted to better the world for individuals and not oligarchy  hemp. 
 i smoke to see the people who aint here no more.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1613 parkman ave  send message.
 @notrockb funniest moment was someone said the word edible and nore was like oh you mean it had weed in it
 i jus wanna ol lady i can smoke a eighth wit and ride to lake murray on some cake shit 
 border agents seize nearly 4 000 lbs of marijuana 
 playing with my time is like playing wit my emotions  smokey  mythoughts exactly lol 
 i think im the only nigga inna world who doesnt smoke  ion do drugs  never seen the purpose 
 smells like straight up ganja in the mihaylo building 420
 see our latest crestline  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 if you only ever hit me up for weed dont even bother hitting me up at all
 someone smoke me ouuutttttttt
 ever prayed to the lord for the blunt you bout to smoke 
 dont know if the guy next to me smells like some grade a reefer or grade a body odor.
 shooting a commercial with remy wcw @ city smoke 
 dont do hookah but i smoke the gas 
 good that judges saw thru natl security smokescreen to see religious discrimination as basis for eo. no tweaks can 
 ay my mom just gave me permission to smoke weed in our jacuzzi im hyped as fuck
 where theres smoke  theres fire. 
 psa to all girls use hemp lotion to moisturize  its the best.
 if you wanna go and get high with me  smoke a l in the back of a benze
 being sick makes it so hard to smoke my bowl
 need weed
 gotta hook the game up and just sit out there and smoke and chill 
 just want someone to smoke amp vibe with
 smoke sesh bitch please dont disturb my smoke sesh
 fuck yaaa weed  i got my own smoke
 bout to smoke this last blunt w foolie 
 im so frustrated lmao time to smoke
 so bitter almost like drinking pine sol i love it  drinking a dank amp sticky @ smoke eaters  
 all i spend my money on is food amp weed. but hey at least im high and full 
 roll my own weed then  perso ..
 but im a bum cause i smoke weed right  lmfaoooooo
 sb999 new natalie m. laprade medical cannabis commission reform act 
 readytogo evacuate not much smoke now but still prepared. ash falling from the sky longmont fire nelsonroad 
 feeling too thoughtful today. i dont have enough weed for this.
 i like smoking weed i like getting fly 
  bampc market bnq specials today  smoked salmon  smoked ribs  amp grits come see us for lunch  
 its funny  i have this 1 homegirl that i smoke out for free continuously  she coo or whatever but not once has she returned the many favors
 why do people always leave their weed in my car yall be too high lol
 not a smoke kind of guy.  drinking a petite fumee by @sierranevada at @sierranevada   
 anyhow let me go smoke this blunt 
 @soundcloudworst @pouyalilpou no one wants to respect someone who does drugs.... in hip hop are you stupid  weed aint even a drug 
 smoke weed  get money  getting educated  influence others. all i do
 my plans for the day are to smoke lots of weed and drink a whole bottle of wine  then possibly go out for some late night dancing. 
 only set the smoke detector off in my apt. 4 times.... cantwaittoopen rockawaybeach 
 my smoke sack better than yours@youngdolph
 poppys got a brand new dance lol only 3 more chances to see reefer madness at rivertown 
 i dont smoke amp drink amp i dont pop pills im just high off life squad  @lildurk
 fuck on ya bitch kick ha out doorshow she got to the crib man i dont knowwatch me smoke out this zip while i keep pourin 
 need a new backwood buddy j dont smoke no mo
 i need to smoke like asap
 @irreverentduo can we still keep the smoke monster  polar bears  and evangeline lilly
 why do people smoke at bus stops
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 109 south gilmor street baltimore  send message.
 @chrisssr95 i dont even smoke lol
 you just dont needa smoke period  
 take a chill pill smoke da mota
 when i smoke this gas 
 @mzhemingway @hansfiene they do....but you have to order weed to also get the breakfast burritos
 i mean i wish i was drinking  when did i even smoke last
 i cant buy weed and i lost  one dress shoe. not only find the shoe  but next too a bag with weed for a day. alien wish portal praiseb
 i need to smoke some fucken blunts now
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 breaking....looks like a wildfire of some kind in caldwell county. lots of smoke in the area. wildfire ncwx 
 i literally sound like a 80 year old chain smoker when i talk
 @groughface not sure if you smoked too little  just enough or too much  but you sound great filling in for @dgontheradio
 i smoke alone all the time 
 so mcclain had knee surgery today and apparently she smoked a pound of weed and is becoming a stripper 
 ine smoke all day 
 i need to smoke i feel like i done snapped on everybody who done came through my phone today llol
 cant get arrested for weed if trump would just legalize it 
 bellaire smoke shop 7710 bellaire blvd ste. k  houston  tx 77036 now has damn air freshener  visit them tonight 4 smoke accessories
 i dont smoke no more so dont ask me to match cause the answer is yes
 welcome to the first cannabis connect 2.0 book club. our first book we will be diving into will 
 kinda wanna smoke hella blunts and cry
 yung smokey still goes in
 she is such a babe  bts earlier today creating bold smoke with my new @marcbeauty marc 
 watching a group of tools purchase amp smoke cigarettes at the bar and smdh for humanity. youre killing me softly  reno.
 tw weed  shmood 
 i smoked a blunt today.... 3 and half years later i finally hit my first one again
 so i got my fucking weed but no rillos and my brother dont wanna bring me any
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive 
  yall wanna know how much weed cost in jail     how much      a tooth paste cap   75  
 im going to smoke
 put the bong down...but better weed  cause this level paranoia is dangerous 
 once im done with my car  if the day ever comes. i need a date to the races. we gon smoke and ride all day.
 some of yall dont even be inhaling the smoke right then be claiming yall high asf
 smoking weed till i overdose
 i dont smoke no mooooo 
 if i was a smoker id enjoy cats a lot more
 brother this shit crazy  niggas was finna hit the road and bubble cant smoke at the gas station nomo wit my nigga 
 common weed could help fight deadly superbug  study finds 
 chocolate and weed got me thru a break up 
 she wanna go out and party  i just wanna stay here and smoke.
 looking for an easy  heat amp eat meal try one of our smoked stuffed chickens easymeals 
 sneakers  marijuana reported stolen from greece home  roc
 i love being able to smoke with my clients while i do their makeup
 boy im in colorado smoking california reefer
 being a piggie with my  @every1sayimboss @ john brown smokehouse  @johnbrownsmoke in long island city  ny 
 and i need to because i have a new and different life now. dont smoke  dont drink  dont party  none of it anymore and im so ok w that
 trying to wake up  so smoke some sativa sourdeiseloutdoor prop215 sb420 pipeitup 
 avo syncro special toro @ lous smokehouse in lawrenceville  ga 
 hb1186 new excise tax and sales tax  cannabis 
 its not a homeless person on the black box outside of blue smoke in nyc. but wormy the cat 
 @realdonaldtrump @kellyannepolls the way to win the war on drugs is to teach everyone to grow their own cannabis at 
 drugs dont make you cool. i smoke grass amp im chillin 
 @kawaikattt and yet you still smoke em.. whats that say about you
 this weeds waiting for you 
 if you wanna smoke loud bomb kush hmu 
 i just need to smoke 
 @pensbeergeek now in pittsburgh they arent tons still let you smoke inside
 seriously mentalhealthified mentalhealthnewsradio mhnr mhnrnetwork @ smokey mountains north 
 i jus smoked a blunt with your girlfriend 
 good weed   good wine    its gonna be a good night.
 santa cruz is about the weed  hila klein 2017
 i like fishin like i like pullin weeds 
 since were talking about this coke is a serious no no. if youre gonna do anything smoke week  it wont kill you as fast
 so who wants to smoke with me
 cigarettes so trash like all yall that smoke em 
 dont know if its the weed talking  but this whole ppv ufc208  card seems really commercialized
 this weed is on to something. . .
 thats easy i got weed  too bad my ass gotta stop smoking for this ac job  
 i wanna heat up my food amp go smoke but im scared my stomach gonna fuck me over 
 i be ready to cry when i get the urge to smoke b|c then i remember i cant 
 i swear i have an amazing theory about blue dream that i would love to smoke a blunt and share it with them. dead ass blows your mind
 @dontgruberme @paintking @budweiser good for u i dont drink alcohol  or smoke  had open heart  stand to reason.
 i wonder when america will just stop being on bullshit and legalize weed everywhere....
 @docdeason  where is all the smoke blowing in from been pretty crazy last 2 days
 see our latest charlotte  nc job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 i not only smoke ls but continue to receive them daily 
 this hippie took a lot of weed as....ole 
 imstillundecidedabout which type of weed to buy at the dispensary  
 smoke weed and eat chicken  thomas jefferson.
 seriously only getting out of my bed today to smoke a nice l
 baby all i smoke is woods why you grab a shell
 @rello2324 haaa. nobody want smoke with that loose ass fitted
 i cant wait to get high  im abouta just smoke w my mom
 @openconfession funny how each time you was supposed to come over since nye i had weed just ready and waiting.
 @cannabistu however in the privacy of the home marijuana is significantly less dangerous more palliative
 float like a bumblebee  smoke like a chimney
 239p smoke plume from the ongoing fire extends over norman and much of mcclain co. okwx 
 i smoked in my moms sweater the other day amp i was terrified i deadass drowned it in perfume before i went home 
 i was so lit i hit up someone who doesnt even smoke  to match last night lmao
 food  smoke  smoke  food
 every time im trying to sleep someone calling me to come smoke with them 
 psa. marijuana is not legal in louisiana. it is not legal in new orleans. you can be arrested for possession of marijuana in new orleans.
 smoking weed under star projectors 
 i wanna smoke so bored but i need a job 
 when you thought you ran out of weed but you find more  
 @brianphares wish that was real. grill smoke. 
  when you seen this shit this morning and decided at 6 to watch it. now im rolling up about to smoke before i wat 
 im missing tribe to smoke in the bathroom seksks
 i got drunk with my coworkers after work and then proceeded to smoke half a cigarette.... i threw up immediately 
 i just traded my cigarette for weed with this random dude lmao
 would anybody be down to smoke a blunt with me via twitter live amp catch a sneak peek of some blackdynomite prod by @wavemmlz 
 appearantly you can sell weed on offerup 
 i dont even smoke. 
 i havent smoked since thursday
 i smoked like 13 blunts today 
 its 316 am and im contemplating if i should smoke or not lol
 whenever i have a coughing fit it reminds to that i should go out to smoke
 take that ll cool j. roll it on up. smoke it. love it.
 florida officials  voters clash over medical marijuana rules  via @sfgate
 forgot my weed 
 still owe oomf a smoke out
 my coworkers solution to every problem i have is weed
 @daichimack sike    yall aint hitting my weed smh
 shut the fuck up. all lives matter. smoke some weed  do your fucking thing and quit playing the victim anytime something doesnt go ur way
 your lame for smoking weed now
 @lebatardshow @stugotz790 sounds like he spent a solid decade smoking weed with these phlegmvp performances he puts up on a weekly basis
 what do you smoke that they do so much research on  @eatsleepshit1 cannabis11
 handsoff banking regulations mean oregon is flush with marijuana cash  via @katunews oregon cash banking money
 i wanna live in a fantasy where all i do every day is smoke  eat  go to shows  bars  all the while coked out  pay me to do this some1
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @marissamotv @idahoonyourside absolutely ridiculous. maybe we should be able to buy marijuana and sign a statement saying we wont use it.
 my medical card better arrive discretely lol. there better be no signs of weed on the envelope
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1102 west lafayette avenue baltimore  
 i gotta smoke some weed cuz girl you drive me crazy
 a little more high in my smoke now 
 i got ided at the smoke shop by the crib... i walk in there constantly. always for a pipe or tane too.
 who gets violent after smoking weed must be weak stuff.   
 logan do you want weed pancakes for breakfast tomorrow  me starts crying
 so what we smoke weed
 so i just found out that smokey the bear has actually been named smokey bear the whole time. my mind is blown. mandala effect hahaha
 do they smoke alcohol  @tripleogcee 
 im at holy smoke bbq in bishop  ca 
 all i do is smoke weed  im covered up in double gs 
 icy  josh  doesnt follow me  cool asff  spoopy  allergic to weed
 i was pretty jacked up on marijuana so i decided to try it and i dropped it
 ive seen every season of weeds like 5 times yet its still so wild
 i guess ill smoke..
 grab a bottle of wine  go smoke some hookah amp socialize.
 honestly im just trynna smoke my life away tomorrow and not give a shit about anything lol
 sooo im about to shower.. anyone down to smoke and get some eats
 skoop   smoke
 moving slowly cuz im eating ganja gold fish
 i hope dick wolf and speed weed get married so we get dick weed
 lindsey n.  drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew at @flylaxairport    photo
 glad im off tomorrow so i can be alone all day and smoke  fuck valentines day
 8 cars with major damage and few with minor damage. 7 minor smoke inhalation with 4 transported. allowing p 
 i might smoke alot but ill never fein for it to the point where i gotta spend my last dollar on it
 i gotta get this job. i gotta have my car. i need gwop so i can smoke everyday
 stay away from those btches that only post selfies their ego is higher than u when you first smoked the maryllama wisewordsofcalist
 lots of twix candy. bag of weed amp makkyas name on a necklace  
 bruh  weed  kief  and wax all in one bowl  zooted. ultimatebowl
 31 days strong no weed  never thought id see the day  next up to put the bottle down  baby steps
 sheesh warriors getting smoked by the nuggets
 i need to smoke 
 sometimes ill refuse to buy ponytail holders bc theyre too expensive but ill drop 90 on weed so quick
 gonna get a job just for the smoke breaks
 someone smoke w me ffs.
 so my brother called me amp said i got a present for you but it involves your weed like oh okay
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoke.
 im so sad  i feel everyone just hates me  i wish i could smoke some good ganj
 @leedopeboyfresh i had only smoked one bowl out of it.... 
 me and harry smoke with the roof off like hannnnnn 
 @kylejordannava weed
 i run from my problems amp smoke away my pain. its not healthy but it works.
 video of our 2nd cannabis banking mtg convened by treasurer @johnchiangca  for more info 
 i wish i had some weed in my system because im about 2 seconds away from flipping my shit ...
 if only i like weed how i use too 
 who will give me one 1 cigarette  a weed  and then just kill me tbh
 madis 13 year old brother is trying to smoke with madi and i 
 ill smoke out anyone who can get this dread out of my hair
 i need a planner and a better weed dealer
 okay but why does all of dominion smell like smoke
 i smoke da cookie for lunch
 my mom toke all my weed fuck my life
 every  single person tomorrow should hang out chill and do a lil smoke sess to forget its valentines day and were single 
 its all alchemy  smoke that kill or hit that gas an go...
 just smudged my room and set off the smoke alarms... oy...
 @tygerhernandez damn smoke me out coward
 joseph would be so dissapointed if he saw how much weed i spilled
 @bobsburgersfox who got a valentines weed from lenny destefano
 so nobody in new haven wanna smoke  say less im not holding nobody down when they ask then
 i just want to smoke man. 
 when the smoke alarms go off in our house a lady robot voice screams fire amp i just hope thats not the last voice i have to hear before i go
 ive fallen in love twice the past 2 years and both times got fucked over. fuck valentines day. i got weed music amp runescape.
 boy all u do is smoke gas 
 smooth. slightly smokey.  drinking an oatmeal stout by @eastbrotherbeer @ pacific standard taproom    photo
 no homo i smoke these 
 8 cars burn  and multiple people treated for smoke inhalation.   disneyland disney   
 @breaking911 getting into the weeds to find news...
 wish i had a hot babe to smoke like dis with 
 @smokeybear hi smokey. you are a cutie pie
 hb166 engross exempt hemp from controlled substances 
 ill get you some flowers and chocolate maybe some weed if thats you
 officially quit smoking weed today  it was bound to get lame sooner or later. better sooner 
 people be shocked when i tell em i never smoked
 a letter of resignation is not a get out of jail free card.  flynn and entire admin should be investigated.  where theres smoke  theres fire
 thats the legal age...25 is when geri said we are mature enough for locating kroger and locating weed
 this nigga went and smoked wo me. wheres the loyalty
 about to smoke n gts 
 bruh i swa weed brings out all the knowledge to my brain 
  youn smoke tho   
 holy smokes we have ot at the phog
 only 1 of my friends smokes blunts like that
 wyd 5 minutes after you smoke this 
 how unions got into l.a.s marijuana business   via @laweekly
 i cant seem to find the xans so i smoke another blunt
 mens wearhouse founder reveals how smoking marijuana for 50 years changed his life  via @clusterstock
 @ooohmy im in seattle rn if i come back tonight we should smoke
 i was told i couldnt smoke and somehow i ended up high
 nobody wants to smoke an l with me yall super whack
 the weed man said hed be here by 830  it is now 836 and i wanna know why all men lie
  tomorrow im just gonna smoke blunts and love myself 
 i still smoke dutches... and i dont care
 commit treasonous acts and you can just resign. get caught with an ounce of weed  youre going to prison.   
 ive smoked weed with my dad more than anyone else in the world
 i have never smoked a day in my life.
 @rupaul yasss  mawma ru.  where theres smoke theres   . investigatetrump treasonoustrump
 let me just take a shower  smoke a blunt and reevaluate my life  i got myself fucked up
 i need more friends in austin so i have more people to smoke with
 trumps nsa advisor resigns over ties to russia  trumps campaign manager resigns over ties to russia  where theres smoke theres fire.
 i swear all of my old class mates smoke weed  like why didnt yall hit me up in high school
 lake county warning about marijuana laced with opiates was a false alarm gtgt  
 any nigga with a red shirt can front like a blood. even puffy smoked a motherfucker up in a club.
 finna smoke in this rain yessss
 boy yall fucked up letting me find some weed out here in the white mans land  bouta get dumb lit for no reason
 ill be ur first weed client 
 that weed be letting you know its evil lurking 
 keep pushing  if you think hes the only one involved  you havent been paying attention. where theres smoke.. 
 why do i always find weed in my bed
 everythings splendid the weed is heavenly scented
 why do i attract non smokers 
 dont textcall me after 5pm tomarrow im gone be smoked out with my wife in her guts happy valentines mfs
 you smoke crack  dont ya
 wheres theres verified smoke theres most likely . probe resist 
 ill be good one moment like smoking my ganja watching svu feeling happy. then boom ill miss troy and then the whole vibe is gone
 twas the night before valentines day  and maria could not care less as long as there was red wine amp weed
 i made a playlist last night after i smoked and its full of joe walsh  pink floyd  stevie ray vaughn and rush. high me has great taste.
 i want to take pictures drunk and have a pack of smokes. whos with me.
 free smoke
 wanna smoke good gotta pay good  
 @pregameeng @meggydub  gettin that weed... 
 when people become weedheads  they become sluggish......this is mom
 going home to some wax and some super lit weed
 you need weed therapy 
 yo i havent smoked in a month.
 we can smoke if you wanna...
 i love it when they call me big poppa only smoke blunts if they rolled propa
 that moment the weed man didnt even put ya weed in a baggy  just handed to me
 need to get down to the bottom of this weed smell in here.
 and she dont even smoke just hit it once while she light it
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 i always need to talk and nobody up to listen its cool though ill just smoke a blunt
 @rickygdadon6 mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @dj864 mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @calicobeatz mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @narddinero mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @theygonechoose mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 havnt been to sleep. just smoked. got work in 30.
 happy valentines day to my smokeshow of a wife @dantzleramber
  add a blunt smoke in the camera view and thats all me in 10 years 
 smoking weed is somethinggoodfortheneighborhood
 my girlfriend and weed are my happiness 
 @turnerashbyhs @shsblazercrew and spotswood smoke you by over 30 points  haha
 who wants to bring me a pack of rellos and smoke 
 when nicki smokes the don comes out
 ima wipe ya name right off my schedule. amp if i smoke this blunt then im gone forget you  
 has anxiety drinks espresso and smokes a cigarette
 @ayookd  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 smoking california weed with california whores
 how to ask your smokeshow business advisor to be your valentine 2017
 i done smoked amp ate real good   now i have to go to work 
 mom smokes during pregnancy  then baby starts to s... 
 3rd annual cannabis patients day at the capitol we have senators  patients and advocates here 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1537 holbrook street baltimore  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1529 holbrook street baltimore  
 the amount of cholo patients that came in today telling me theyre going to smoke a blunt with their hyna today lmaooo
 give up smoke squares amp die shit idc
 like that ny weed about to be can. i already know ima have to have my plug on speed dial 
 fuck being a dope dealer you possible to get killed by the niggas that smoke witcha 
 @chucktodd great question on benghazi. hes blowing smoke. and he or his party certainly wanted obama to demise.
 sickest weed spot in portland. reminds me a bit of home. 
 @youtube my friend went on the pro golf tour @rickatfox and told me @marlatellez can you imagine never being able to smoke crack again
 if she smoke cigarettes she a snake.
 i be in weed comas lmfao
 no girlfriend today but i got weed. 
 can we get a session crackin  smoke and vibe to va2 before we eat and get lit
 @alexandergold 1 smoking weed   2 i never care 3 its all over my timeline  4 ate a double quarter pounder  g 
 i needa smoke im so drunk 
 everyone stop the legal weed is too selfawareness inducing
 50 days  no smoke..dropped 50 lbs and still 50 years old..bostonstrong
 out smoke me i bet you cant 
 wings and weed w my valentine 
 @patmaine do u smoke the weed bc boston is gonna be lit if u do
 every time i waste money on bullshit i think abt how much weed i couldve copped 
 my gym parking lot smells like weed and cologne thanks to el rey lmfao
 how u stop smokin weed but resort to smokin blacks niggas stupid man
 this foo really coming out to my house at 1 am to smoke me out lmaoo
 i dislike smoking weed
 @ljyoung28  dont just drain the swamp...pull the weeds
 ijw smoke already 
 .@thefix smoke was there before election day when more scrutiny wouldve been helpful trumprussia trumplies mapoli
 rt if you used to smoke reggies
 @kidrock kid rock in the senate hell yes maybe we can get marijuana legal and use the tax for heath care
 wish i had someone to smoke with in the mtns. 
 @fvckmarc aye im finna go smoke a square with the white boys brb
 im goin home to smoke a blunt on my lunch break.
 @monogamousozz nah lowkey i heard that nigga super chill and dope to smoke with 
 ive become a much chiller person since i because a regular smoker its amazing
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 now available public talk not just blowing smoke prevalence amp correlates of vaping among canadian sec students 
 soooo...our 60 uber driver just asked me if i knew anyone who could ship him weed...uhhh...left at the light 
 this that yellow w that purp  smoke my gas n write my verse
 bouta smoke out of a  since i got n o zz fuckapiece
 @goldenchildjay  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 heon want no smoke  heon want no static
 @hiko good  bro. dat ninja smoke defuse tho 
 see our latest piketon  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 @sonyatvnash @coleswindell   google addam b   56 double albums online .. the music not the business .. smoke a joint and turn up the volume
 wholy smokes clarity by john mayer is a flippin classic
 serious love affair with my smoked salmon bagel at continental bagel in the @bywardmarketbia  
 grn chocolate is the creme de la creme of artisan cannabis chocolate visit them and try some samples at booth 608 
 this is me training my gag reflex with a marijuana lollipop before images of eroticism 
 smoking up all my weed dont matter cause i got more
 i have wine and weed and im sitting on the balcony with my dog lol where my fwends @
 thats the best kind of smoker
 my weed man be onnn  @itzshortiihoee 
 @sethrogen @realdonaldtrump smokescreen and intimidation.
 how do people smoke in their homes
 drinking a smoked wheat on rye by @thesecondwedge at @brewwizardscafe  
 i dont trust people who drink but dont smoke
 thats about to be my go to i smoke good weed. i dress good
 can bae be here with his kisses and weed already  thatd be fantastic.
 @hrtablaze msn  cnn n many others blowing smoke up amer ppl a....
 love that brit is always down to smoke a blunt
 if someone gave me 5 id probably blow it on weed
 when im not here does anyone miss my second hand smoke
 its only temporary  potus tried to weed out the bad people  understand its only a safety measure  they would do the same for there country
 were having weed
 ld626 new an act to provide funding for county jails from sales tax collected on retail sales of marijuana and ... 
 hey @boltmutt  what showsmovies do you watch while smoking weed ive got netflix open and my weed out and idk what to watch.
 i cant even smoke standing sometimes forget a birth  
 @weedmaps @dougstanhope @rickthelaureate its insane how much bs this man had to go through because he enjoyed the benefits of marijuana.
 @xogeorgiajones @tribeandcbj fuck i meant to say lets smoke and talk about it... how embarrassing lol 8
 im the plug   you just the weed man 
 htx decriminalizing marijuana on march 1 free link 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2701 saint paul st  
 this person must be having a great ass time with his weed and chicken fingers man.... and i didnt get an invite  i want some chicken fings
 the things ppl do for a lil bit of weed 
 dont know if i should smoke this blunt alone or
 wildcaught salmon  organic baby kale  hemp seeds  mctoil  apple cider vinegar  ground 
 humboldt county and state regulators still scratching their heads trying to work around marijuana tax complications 
 harris county da @kimoggforda announces new marijuana diversion program  taking effect march 1st. @abc13houston 
 with 10 my weed connect gives me 2.3 grams and an edible included. bless up gotta love mama muck 
 @kidcudi @mileycyrus you are invited to my birthday party to smoke blunts and take shots  plz rsvp asap
 dont miss out friday february 24th hempstead rec center | etajamma2 | get your presales now pvnation 
 halloween weed candy.. tainted valentines hearts.. cheaperthanchocolate drugs show me  i am a skeptic dgl
 to the smoker my little army of candied salmon bellies  ready for the weekend.  cheflife 
 hopefully weeding out some idiots  proud of this 
 in these states where marijuana is becoming legal  are the people who were locked up because of it being freed
 she cute and she smoke and that ass still fat
 i been making my mama take her ass in the weed shop she think she pose to juss get deliveries amp shit nahhhhh bitch
 yasmin what trendy was doing  logen smoking weed
 so true through cannabis i was able to get off all opiates and significantly reduce my benzo 
 @jnastynigga we need to smoke ugly
 hungry smoke a backwood
 lawn section you can still see amp if you smoke its fye 
 honestly the only reason why i smoke weed is because im not happy ...
 @hippieoflove i love big buds  yet i save them for last every time.i smoke the second biggest bud first to test it. what strain is that
 if i dont smoke soon i know the direction my day is going in
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   kingston  oh job
 the encinitas city council has voted to start a process to allow commercial marijuana growing in their city 
 who remembers reeds story about the nigga whose girl was getting knocked down by the weed man
 every time i asked to hangout w my friends my mom thinks im drink or smoke or something
 i swear  when the weather is nice all of ou smells like dank weed 
 how tf you smell weed on me and we outside and you following me in a fucking police car
 i really need to smoke   im so aggravated
 we dun smoked this white young man retarded.
 @djsmokey666 rt my tweet above new song just dropped w soudiere check it out rn i appreciate ya  dj smokey
 hes been wanting me to smoke with him. i always say ok. but hes like liar.  me  i know hahaha. heres like just one time.
 i break down the dutch and she break down the weed.... the you know whats up
 im so over hw  i just need to smoke amp sleep lmao
 video shouldamp039ve called the locksmith man arrested for possession of marijuana after cont 
 sound like u need some weed 
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 if u smoke cigs with a baby in your stomach youre dumb as hell
 this job might be a great fit for you reefer mechanic wanted  join our team   technicians chicago  il
 big shoutout to the niggas who give the weed for free 
 if you got a dick or wish you had one no my girl cant smoke wit you.
 when the weed kicks in 
 i just wanna travel the mf country... and i wish weed was legal everywhere 
 i guess im just gonna smoke this blunt to head
 usa is gonna get smoked
 i scheduled a weed delivery though an app today. 
 getting smokey
 told my doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke brocolli
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 222 furrow street baltimore  tras 
 @macrael @theg5prank @knardi @jnadeau a good name for some really good weed would be vape canaveral
 mom smells like weed.
 think im bein more upset at the fact i cant smoke or sip sumn.
 all of my friends go out stays home n smokes out to music all night
 me if i met wiz khalifa id take a picture with him kissing him on the cheek   colby itd probably taste like weed   @colbydover
 @susandonovanq ive gotten it down to an 8 with lots of weed and morphine. i use the 110 scale. i havent been below 5 since 2005.
 i never turn down a smoke sess 
 @meesmadeit the smoke behind the ear is chicago iconic tho
 i need some weed but dont feel like driving
 tbt to when ken smoked a cigarette in wrigley lmfao
 so whos tryna smoke i need to asap
 you know the weed good when cant even get out the words this some gas
 @hippieoflove when you smell like weed in public 
 i just wanna smoke and lay in bed but everyone is dry 
 i be smoking rapper weed with my ganggg
 mixing weed got a lotta flavors im so fucking high i need god to save me
 jesus  you follow one weed related instagram  then the entire stoner nation of instagram start following you  heh.
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 im tryna smoke a fatty dutch ina forest todayyyy 
 i discovered that the weeds that corrupted my life as a child took root as my deepest passions.
 good weed  good friends  great money  great vibes 
 grillcheese romatomatoes homemadefood itswhatforlunch nomeat @ mcmeen smoke house 
 that wasnt no reefer marty   psa 420 weed reefer medical kush cookies og dank hash 
 ctr  dsu mens 4 x 800meter relay team  hermann  hemphill  tejada and harming  2nd  819.97  allconference wearedsu
 quietontheset cut print music wrap really...  mr. weed ..  what are you really working on 
 you smell weed it must be me  middle aged man to his wife at the mall.
 dont believe the smoke and mirrors. obama accomplished more than trump at this point in his admin. economic crisis 
 home alone w 6 bed rooms.  expectations  party  arab girls  weed  drinks.  reality walking naked and peeing w washroom.door open.
 holy smokes stalker much @sealthedeal3646 
 last night i dreamt i was smoking weed in the hacienda movie theatre
 favorite thing bout waking up high is not having to smoke again. you already feel like you got resurrected by some dragon balls.
 my mom is yelling at me bc i told her she has to hide her weed when we get to the venue
 someone smoke w me tonight tysm
 fuck a joint we smoke it by the lb
 snoop killed it tho that was sick needs to do another with wiz smoke selection kk some good weed man  
 had lunch. now a smoke. @ lake country cigars in delafield  wi 
 drinking a chronic smoked amber ale by @pizzaportbeer at @beachwoodbbq  
 when you ask kendallhmitchell what oysters are best to smoke she takes it seriously. thanks for 
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..hemp plant exposure..use..reported..increased f 
 whos trying to smoke
 people be looking like crackheads when they smoke weed out of a pipe
 does smoking weed b4 a workout help out  the parking structure at my gym always smells like weed...
 @ 4 rivers smokehouse in carrollwood  fl 
 i fucking smoked to much and i sound like a frog  
 @kennywallace wheres wallace   perhaps he could answer why clint boyer not racing the clash tonight since car is qualified from smoke
 my weed habit so close to snortin powder
 free smoke 
 i like to smoke and watch breakfast club interviews lol
 when you start to miss home...only for the weed tho
 lmao everyone is just assuming im pregnant or something bc i cant smoke weed
 @scottiepifffen my buds here are the biggest chiefers  i smoke 6 blunts a day casually now.
 @farinella @sammm57 bruh tell me about it we cant smoke before we play lol
 apparently i was so drunk on wed that i army pins cause i thought it was my weed 
 omm im allergic to weed
 @kaylayearwood i miss you bruh lol chris brown albums and some weed tomorrow
 waste of timemoney trying to bring it back. its time to jump on the new wave aka marijuana before were behind on 
 my room has always smells like weed and lovespell
 kilted sunday a little variety  take your pick...i think ill make the fire pit blaze and smoke.. maybe a kilted f 
 i need my reefer  fuck me suck me amp rub my tummy
 we deserve a smoke break
 all people do is smoke  drink and act stupid. but they expect to be successful in life... right 
 what with all 4 virginia repub gubernatorial candidates saying ease up on marijuana i wont be surprised if perriello comes out smoking...
 sleep or smoke....maybe smoke then sleep. idk maybe im better off dead but this project wont be. i paid a lifetime of hell4 their mistakes
 im not saying im mad or anything but i hate when my friends smoke without me
 @jonpoillon smoke screen maybe doesnt mean he wouldnt do it 
 i think a mouse has been living in my garden shoe throw it out or put them on and head to weed rurallife
 lissette was walking around w sage and put all the smoke on me bc i have bad vibes since last night  woops
 went to smoke a cigarette this morning amp instantly went to vomiting thanks kwk
 i dont know how people smoke backwoods. you might as well get a leaf from outside.
 im finna get me some grams and a bottle of weed and im having fun on a sunday   fuck it.
 hennessy  pleny weed  do you have anything stronger
 looks deliciouscant wait for the hempstead jersey mikes sub shop to open 
 soooo i thot i had given the weed man an extra 20....i felt soooo stupid....good thing i didnt
 i wish people didnt smoke cigarettes
 ive noticed that drunk people smoke all their cigs in 10 minutes
 a little afternoon beer tasting @ wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 everything is gray  his hair  his smoke  his dreams...
 work is gonna suck today.. i just wanna smoke n watch netflix all day
 @ticabell happy birthday my beautiful mermaid smoke a lot of seaweed today 
 havent smoked not uh lick of nothing. and i aint even worried fr feeling good
 my dad goes not even gonna lie  i smoked a few dubs when i was younger  i blazed it.
 so apparently after i got home last night  i drank wine  finished my torchys  and smoked a blunt. fuckkk lol
 its the crack of the bat  the roar of the crowd  and the smoke from 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hughes  ar job
 ive been throwing up all day and i thought weed would help but now im just high and throwing up
 bout to walk around a smoke a blunt
 @krsxjr gotta be smart about how much we smoke
 welp. lost my weed... can this day get any worse
 the quietest nigga when the drama popping off gon be the last man standing when the smoke clear 
 ill smoke him for a smal fee. dm me for more details 
 lol it smells like weed on this road
 wed be rollin round together while id be rollin my weed
 nights like tonight are the reason i smoke weed...like who wants to think bad thoughts when you can think good ones
 @undeadwalkingfs  its smokey and the bandit  trailer
 that was the trailer from smokey and the bandit thewalkingdead
 when you cant find a lighter and smoke with a candle 
 atl is just landed...where the weed at  
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking 
 unless im bout to smoke lmao
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 smoke weed and get high or get high and smoke weed. 
 guess ill smoke 
 @baddiecami it cost 11.07 to be happy   blunts to smoke on
 im deathly sick and all i want to do is smoke some weed
 no suit im handling business my weed so loud in public some people get offended
 hd thots the type to say all you do is smoke kush even tho all they do is suck dick
 the weed be letting you know 
 @prbonanza we wont have no smoke if you stay away from my locals cuz.
 haze smoke 44 f winds are s at 3.5 mph 3 kt. pressure 1022.0 mb humidity 83. feb 20 2017  353 am est.
 out necks are burnt  roads are dirt  are trucks aint clean.  we smoke  we chew  we fry everything.  way out here.
 see the smoke when the sunshines   we will forever be faded on the gold skies 
 @twosmokes can i have a smoke  maaann 
 cant tell if it smells like weed  a skunk  or jelly shoes
 holy smokes. what a devious plan 
 like you have options of how you want to smoke whatever but you can be super comfy but at a fancy restaurant
 warry billin up that backwood spilling mad weed on the floor
 @buffalobutttye i aint bipolar i just need weed or im looking at everybody like 
 @alluponandre shes a fashionable icon  a lovable icon  a spiritual icon  a weed head icon  a barbadian icon  perio 
 i met the sweetest old lady at the weed store last week 
 need some weed in my system 
 wea im from yu play ball   sell weed  or you cook dope 
 lolol .... should kansas lawmakers legalize marijuana 
 pass me the green i need some weed with my hennessy
 im still high. that city weed aint no btch
 friends who smoke  make this your year. quit killing yourselves  and take control.
 smelling too much weed here 
 ran some random weed nigga house n 2k come up.
 drinking a smoke house porter by @moatmountain @ cannon mountain ski lodge   photo
 hey  baby go home  its 3 in the morning wtf you doing up  the baby said  im selling weed  nigga
 just 100 days left to the biggest and coolest chopper show on earth. the smoke out hope to see 
 if he gave you 10 and yall smoked one blunt thats not matching... 
 @keyfurrz come feed me cheese ill give you weed or something lol
 it smells like weed in my house and it wasnt from me this time 
 i saw nugs not drugs and i was confused bc i thought nugs of weed oh wait no it means chicken nuggets 
 yall really might be retarded. i didnt wanna take it there but holy smoke.
 tangential hs basketball quote du jour smokey  this is not nam ... there are rules. 
 so is weed legalize in houston or ...
 bout to smoke the fck out of this bowl then play some kingdom hearts 
 my boss is smoking weed for the first time in 36 years and its the funniest shit ever
 what u doin after u smoke this 
 i need some marijuana
 my heart hurts and i cant smoke  this is gonna be a long long two weeks
 @jynnjuicee swears i drug her up on some else when we smoke  its that louuuuud bihhh
 i want to make your smoke and kisses black and white.  
 cardi know she wrong. that girl aint want no type of smoke..
 i got high as fuck off a doobie  this weed go crazy.
 @crystalrivassss @heavyhitterstpc i havent even smoked  lmao but look its twice the size  temptations
 nobody ever go visit tyler  they smoke in front of you and dont offer the blunt
 ima smoke your weed with you but ion like any of you boys    noguilt noshame
 did you smoke somethin yo like im dead ass... 
 west coast  cali love  you can have it all palm trees  bomb weed  whatever you want 
 oh u came to hang smoked weed with me and i feel asleep on u  welcome to the club
 defiantwench i smoked pot for a month one night
 ima still smoke weed tho.
 video  heavy smoke billowing out of a fire at the winthrop post office. courtesy stephanie roach lafavor 
 @bratch i dont even smoke amp i forget its illegal 
 i wish weed  drugs  and alcohol didnt exist.
 every person advocating for marijuana legislation needs to show the hell up for criminalized and vulnerable ppl who cant access recovery.
 i love waking up @ home  turn on some investigation discovery  smoke a bowl in bed.. whats better than that 
 between 2 jobs  going to school  and smokin ganja. i really have no free time.. 
 see our latest middletown  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum...  
 @essence    trumps smoke screen to get off the russia story who hacked our account
 i was 15 16 paying for food n weed fr me n my homies
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 400 allendale street baltimore  
 jesus when the smoke alarm is going off after you just said turn the pan down fml fire turnitoff
 medical marijuana and the legislative process ksatnews 
 some weed would be nice
 selling weed to my boys to get a lease on a porsche
 @eggysway @cuddydave13 rick james ... thirtythreee chains  damnnnnnn smokey voice
 she the chick all the niggas tried to talk to  but when it came to me she had a thing for me  when we kick it she roll up the weed for me
 nick just smoked english breakfast tea.
 a rose like you could never fall for a weed like me
 have u ever smoked weed before
 half wanna just smoke half wanna wait
 yo  i really think im allergic to weed. my eyes been good all day. the minute i smoke they start hurting like a hoe. 
 anna kendrick in end of watch is an absolute smokeshow.
 my fam amp i are drinking and talking about weed and my dad says green is life lmao okay dad we get it you smoke 
 would you rather smoke on an empty stomach n get the munchies or smoke on a full tummy n feel like a jolly fat high content santa claus
 straight up  good weed always puts me in a good mood 
 uncle smoke done fucked around and did something w this chicken 
 aaron rolled a joint then put the roach in a bong and now im never smoking weed again
 i need someone weed 
 lifes short  smoke a port on a port.
 intercourse the casinos. whats the big deal they are delaying our weed
 i smoked with my boss today lmaooo
 i just wanna work out and smoke cigars everywhere i go...like @ochocinco
 literally my friends when im already drunk but i hear someone say aye u tryin to smoke come on  
 @dcexaminer @emilyjashinsky what i told @realdonaldtrump along the rope line televise  weed out hate in the rose g 
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 4700 block of n lombard st  portland  or portland fire rp17000015613 0007 pdx911
 that nigga was loud n bad wtf is that mf stole me to make ah track with his girlfriend act like lost the weed
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 vacuous rfex is weed snata.
 smokes weed once 
 u of mn extension weed resistant meetings in montevideo  slayton  st. james  and hutchinson 
 ion smoke purp
 ty crespo of manheim township lays in two against hempfield in a piaa district 3 p1st round 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 just yet another beautiful day dawning in colorado. excited to see what today in the cannabis industry brings so many great people and ideas
 i just love walking in the hallways smelling nothing but cigarette smoke  getyourlifetogether
 gas wat i smoke nigga  
 hmm. the sweet smell of marijuana always calls for air guitar. 
 @meritormyth thanks for the follow  would guys be interested in following our soil journey when we plant industrial hemp for the first time
 my general manager from when i worked at mcdonalds just went through all the trouble of finding me on snap just to try to sell me weed
 in the smoke of the sting performance with washington national operas jarrod lee at @dcpl  
 i cant wait for recreational weed use to be legal. im going to be so blatantly disrespectful with my blunts honey
 whencaliforniasecedes no one will care. weve legalized weed in too many other states. byeeeee 
 son i dont need to smoke anymore
 sorry ma i dont smoke crack  
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 321 elrino st  trash piled open can.
 if they dont know your roots  you gotta weed em out
 lets be honest do u even smoke if there isnt vids of it on ur snap everyday
 2017 we snitching on our best friends when the cop pulls us over and smells the weed gang in dis bitch
 puff  puff pass nigga thats what simon says  fools that hog the weed gonna get carried away
 cant smoke any weeds 3 weeks before and after my surgery... good luck to me
 @jmv1070 gotta turn show off at 415  smokey and the bandit is on sundance
 i jus wanna smoke amp lay witcha
 you hardly smoke but you wanna smoke my drugs...dont know how to love but you somehow get by love
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse  @4rsmokehouse in winter garden  fl 
 i need some fucking weed yall
 drinking a smoked chocolate cherry stout by @lionbridgebrew at @lionbridgebrew  
 on the 28th im going to compare my potheadchallenge picture from last month to one imma take this month and see how much i smoked
 lmao vante funny asl talm bout i thought you was a hardcore smoker lol im like nah ion even smoke
 like why would u collect those cigarettes if ur not going to smoke them right i dont understand
 ok im tired of smoking alone... wish i had people to smoke with.
 someone smoke me out.
 i have sunshine on a cloudy day. when its cold outside  ive got the month of may  smokey 
 the weedin his hand is what i want 
 you cannot smoke medical marijuana in a public place nor operate a vehicle  but they let folks smoke them stanky ass cigarettes everywhere
 hi. i smoke cigarettes now. 
 lmfao morgan cant hadle weed 
 highgrovians for life @ speakeasy vape lounge and cannabis club 
 females dat flex on social media smoking weed amp drink hennessy fw niggas that beat on them  aint got a car  amp threaten to poison they cat
 you need dick and weed in yo life
 burn shit smoke meth hail earthquakes
 get smoked like port
 i remember one of the first times that i smoked kush and went to go see paranormal activity 3 back in 2011 lmao i shit myself
 my silenced hippie x hemper box came in today silencedhippiehemper @silencedhippie @hemperbox 
 my love is a field that the weeds have grown up in.  bill mallonee 
 tryna smoke sense im up
 @mikiebarb i have another boot shabbos moment for you. gave @vp trump pence yarmulke with weed out hate messaging. 
 people passing faster than i pass the weed.
 many smokers with chronic conditions take up ecigarettes  cultureofhealth lung tobacco pharma  addict hcsm
 her and weed is all i need 
 my senior year i got sent to metro because i smelled like weed .. 
 happy birthday lagger @ogpanda23 im still going to rolling loud without you and i dont even smoke
 @hanpaul bout to smoke wo u wbu
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 12131299 edmondson avenue baltimore  
 see me  roll me  smoke me  @ san francisco  california 
 me whats your ethnicity dumbass fuckboy 50 sea 50 weed
 @bpolitics rt to support  hb 2165 repealing marijuana prohibition in texas  
 i thought natural selection would weed out the people that use turn indicators inside of parking garages by now
 @vyan1 @seanspicer i caught that as well and said to myself what does that have to do with marijuana
 @radleybalko more gop ratfuckery. its states rights when republicans want to screw over trans kids  but states decide to allow weed no way
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1609 w lombard st  send message. 
 @dmccarthy3478 tom debong and anthony green i made weed jokes look at me lolololol 
 @politico oh  so the dump administration is going to halt of marijuana importation and usage better men have tried. good luck  pussy
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 618 dumbarton avenue baltimore  send message. 
 yest @presssec claims our relationship w mexico is phenomenal now cites opioid addiction as evidence against cannabis  u kidding me guy
 asking for a dry needleer on the qt since illegal here in cali amp got the response from someone no  but u can smoke pot here  l.o.l.
 white house signals possible crackdown on recreational marijuana  via @thecanniforniancom
 i need endless amounts of weed
 yes brenda  pls continue telling me about the dangers of marijuana  while sipping ur poison cocktail n ur inhaling carbon monoxide stick.
 id smoke this kid 1 on 1 
 @aniquery1 @sweetlysmiles @puddsta77 @jzblue @goldie5535 let us know when your weed comes...hope soon...
 skipped school  accidentally smoked in my house  tripped over a dog and slept for 8 hours. happy thursday.
 trivia downtown paris  now plus up in smoke bbq @ rooster brewing 
 i need to smoke  i am not in the best mood rn 
 in 8th grade i got expelled from school for not snitching on the kids who got caught with weed just because i sat a 
 wanna smoke a blunt and lay up with my hand gripping that ass 
 tired but not really in the mood to smoke some beans
 creepy steve wants marijuana dealers charged as terrorist not understanding difference between two makes him unfit for office amp dangerous
 muffuletta mardigras2017 tastingmenu foodporn @ the smoke daddy 
 i come home to balloons with all my friends  pizza weed gifts and treats i just love them i feel so thankful rn
 @cnnpolitics sates issue cause one size doesnt fit all @betsydevosed  but smoking marijuana in the comfort of my home is a federal issue
 backwood so big cant smoke it all alone
 nice amp boozy. a good amount of smoke amp a nice bitterness. itll be interestin... gazprom 2017 
 i just wanna fucking smoke man  like im so fucking irritated... im bouta spazz
 my car and room smell like weed 
 @bigrstrat i think theres something to that. sadly  we value booze  smokes  and meat more than health. drs would be poor.
 reason i speak to my workers the way i do i need to weed out the ones thats not going to stand up to me i need my workers to be strong 4 us
 ive never smoked so many cigs in my life
 when you tryin to sleep after a show but all you hear is a distored smoke alarm in your ear
 @stephenathome why are they planning on making recreational weed illegal again isnt that a states rights issue
 if youre a religious drinker  dont even fucking think about saying a god damn thing to me about me smoking marijuana.
 12 people got out safely after lowell multiunit home goes up in flames this am. fire chief credits working smoke d 
 me before anything let me speed smoke this bowl first
 so can we please use facts to inform our decisions and not lie to the american people that marijuana is equal to or 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2230 sidney ave  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3727 lyndale avenue baltimore  send message. 
 lol damn them jamaicans always complaining bout me smellin like weed
 its easier for me to get weed than it is to get coke  its inconveniencing cuz i gotta be ready to piss clean n weed gets in the way of that.
 it smells like weed when you hug it 
  because there are so many tragic deaths from marijuana...
 i get da best weed in masschusetts rn 
 long beach court 3rd floor  always smells like weed
 so states should decide who uses which bathroom but cant decide if smoking marijuana is okay everyone following along
 bro wooooww that hoe smoked him 
 honda is in the works bouta smoke tesla
 whatever fuck this im going back to the crib and change and smoke a backwood
 i done left my weed at home wouldve been nice to smoke outside on this break
 for all you kids saying marijuana is now legal in texas do your research. medical use only. so that does not mean you can freely smoke.
 how you trappin and you smoke hookah
 cant wait to smoke
 i be sick when i run out of weed 
 anyone wanna smoke with after this 1 oclock.
 house fires phone in smoke from chimney at 14 daisy ln  levittown  cs periwinkle rd   140226
 this is not a drill boys hittin the lc gettin smokes less go 
 @ddeessttiinnyyh scute  i think id be straight if i smoked this  jk
 smoke weed in the bathroom before class
 youll never fumigate the demons  no matter how much you smoke
 its smoke amp mirrors..the foundation of the democratic party. they lie straight to your face and then get incensed 
 i need weed 
 my classmate smells like super strong weed and im having an intense headache 
 @realdonaldtrump you shud talk you and your aides are guilty as hell..no more smokescreens..or trying to change the narrative..liar
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at w mount royal ave  send message.
 i smoke crack bitch know yo smells  
 i forget its states rights when it comes to transgender restroom rules but no states rights when its weed.  
 debating if i wanna smoke this blunt before i go into work
 if yall see any niggas selling weed in tubes they not part of are team they selling dirt of of tubes on bd 
 many many to weed out..lol 
 shit a latina girl that smokes is sexy
 @sullivanradio if they try and enforce federal law to make marijuana it would be like prohibition.
 @christichat @potus @cpac know that we want legal marijuana silentmajority tax it pay debt create jobs legalmarijuana
 dinner tonight crostini w smoked brisket  pizza w potato  gorgonzola  radicchio and chili chitarra w dungeness crab 
 breaking governor mike huckabee announces support for marijuana legalization. 
 you the type of nigga to smoke the tobacco out of a gar 
 white house hints that marijuana crackdown is coming 
 la hoe i got my smoke u the one hasslin me ova a phunky ass gram u better take it r leave it 
 @trumponly prestrump please end the prohibition of cannabis now
 alcohol is worse than weed
 this is kinda weird. has a real light crisp feel to it then a very strong smokey note... gratzer 
 i dont know who tonights anthem singers were but holy smokes they were great  i love to hear them at every game.  amazing flapanthers
 annoyed  tired  want to smoke  all of the above..
 reset bubba peters leading the mifflin charge. hempfield leads 4442. 229 left. @llhoops llhoops
 the billion dollar marijuana industry in california has now gone bust  legal experts say. president trump intends on striking down the law.
 i wanna smoke weed with a celebrity lol
 @johnlegere august.3 1973 you smoked alot of pot listening to pink floyd darkside of the moon
 like why cant females just talk about music amp smoke weed all day rather than talk shit about everyone amp everything 
 i need a smoke amp a beer
 no one wants to see you doing drugs and smoking weed all over your snap storyyyyy
 its hella irritating how i cant smoke in this rental
 im not smoking so all the smoke in here is making my head hurt 
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang.
 all i ever do is smoke weed   skip school and do dumb shit.
 @kampeas @rjc @mikepence what i told @vp  @wh televised weed out hate event calling on every kid in usa to weed o 
 thinking if i should smoke it or not 
 states rights for bathrooms  but not for marijuana @cnnpolitics 
 why does nobody ever want to smoke with me 
 when bae comes thru with good weed amp guacamole
 finally got to smoke after like a month 
 myplanetwouldhave good paying jobs w healthcare for all  3 day weekends  no cancer  narcissists or wars  legalized marijuana  everything
 tryna substitute liq for weed lt
 @bostongirl79 holy smokes...huge 1 for me 1 for you 
 huge cannabis farm was staffed by trafficked vietnamese teenagers several thousand plants were discovered  with 
 hahahaha.  so great on so many levels.  thanks for weeding out the dumb ones  dan. 
 today would be s good day to smoke a blunt then ball
 why do weed when you can work night shift and be tired and hungry all the time without drugs
 when ur dad leaves his weed out 
 im just trying to go to the beach and smoke a blunt
 @willardclub @pimpingpolitics @mrshinnh @mrhinnh   my trump counter ritual  hours in smoker bacon wrap pork loin w 
 bouta smoke and then be out 
 lmao my dumb bitch sister got saturday school for 2 weeks bc she talked about wanting to smoke weed with her boyfriend in a google doc 
 i smoked a bowl of this kush and got so lit  i love to wake and bake  favorite high of the day.
 and as laws r changed n now legal as suppose to b free all the captives in lock up weeds legal but legal was trying make a buck off  have to
 icantrespectanyonewho smokes totallydisgusting stinky toodamnexpensive cantbreathe eeeewwww
 hey @agowa and all you cannabis lawyers out there. ive got an idea of a direct attack on fed regulation of cannabis. lets do this medmj
 yet  they want to start a war on marijuana. as far as know its yet to claim a life. whatarewedoinhere 
 who need weed
 holy smokes this is true.  yet ill always read the old message to remember how amazing it was.  
 @cbs5az so glad @fox10phoenix had an update on the smoke seen on west side. you guys have a story about ponies
 i cant smoke weed ugh i wish 
 tb to when the grower shot so much weed we rolled joints as cigarettes and our woods were rolled w however much weed u can fit in it
 pasta jambalaya smoked duck and andouille sausage and shrimp....and a crawfish 
 sneezy when i smoke blunts lol whyyyyy
 @jessewelle if anyone votes weed they can hml for being fucking retarted maybe i can beat some sense into them.
 i just realized when i was 10  frank used to send us into the dugout saying spark it up and smoke some grass 
 new puffco plus and puffco pro both on sale at cirrus smoke shop. stop by for a demonstration. 
 cases of coronas and my lil marijuana im a face a whole dub  ozs for my soldiers 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 @norml so state rights are above gay rights but not when it comes to marijuana. hipocrits in the pockets of big pharma. calexit
 freshlytapped wicked weed french toast stout. wicked good taptakeover @ the beer growler 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  sign on bonus   hiring
 i dont smoke 
 im getting stressed and sad. i need to smoke and eat good
 so my mom found out that i smoke weed amp sent me this. 
 mission complete  smokers only  longlivechinx  trmg 4kings @ casa blanca restaurant 
 drink my beer and smoke my weed
 i dont want to die from that second hand smoke ....... so        nope 
 beginning monday i no longer smoke
 @miauniverse i wanna smoke hookah and watch weird fucked up scary as shit because we already watch it daily. 
 @eveliinn11 smoke some
 trying to come up with an excuse to go outside and smoke without making my mom suspicious
 and yes  i make the best weed selections. nobody i know is on me. that goes for the squad as well
 theres been so much change  but you can get smoked by a white person for little to no reason and theyll get away w it.
 just got off work and all i wanna do is take a shower  smoke a blunt  and get my feet rubbed 
 nigga i have already made other arrangements and am smoking another niggas weed already. foh
 @mykaeelaa @morganholzschuh @jimmyjohns aka pulled over and smoked a bowl
 when you gotta eat a crumb of a edible because youre afraid of how you may react due to the fact that you already over react smoking weed.
 you ever start eating some food then stop to smoke a bowl just cause you know you will appreciate it more being high
 house made brioche bites stuffed with mushroom duxelles and smoked ham. 
 out smoke 
 @davidm23s wants to smoke a blunt but i dont smoke so message him... just doing him a solid
 i only smoke organic kush hoe
 damn now i wanna smoke
 im gonna drink weed and smoke some alcohol tonight
 wish i had a shorty to smoke dis jay w 
 bout to take a float n smoke
 the best of the best cbd only @muathsnoubar @ smoked out smoke shop amp vape  barstow 
 who wants to smoke this fat joint with me
 elderly marijuana enthusiast disavowed by area hippies  who discover he voted for trump  demand he turn in patchouli  grateful dead tshirt.
 mwusca   marijuana legalization and your teen  one thing that remains clear and constant is that marijuana is not 
 should i smoke a bowl
 i gotta stop smoking weed bob like seriously lol
 i dont remember the last time i drank or smoked and im perfectly fine with that
 tobacco industry cigarettes dont kill. only if you smoke them.  nra guns dont kill. only if you shoot them.
 im not a pot smokers but i do think it should be legal. watch this 
 dear white house press corps  im available for the correspondents dinner. of course ill legally bring weed. whcorrespondents whcadinner
 this last week in colorado has been so great and its not easy leaving so ima just go smoke this doobie and cry
 we in the hotel getting kicked out soon but not before we smoke a half in half of these rooms  @iamhustlegod
 brefasssstttttt. mascarpone amp smoked cold salmon.  
 lets smoke
 weed aint taking anyones weed  love mine as u love urs n cant have my live sorry i got bills ncosts but damn great when find where u b
 do you think people smoke coke 
 lunch with this guy  @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  boardman  oh 
 bill in congress could protect colorados marijuana laws  via @kdvr
 im having one of those days weed i need to do 34 different things and not a clear priority so its hard to just pick. i need it all done
 @tanamongeau because of all the fucking drugs youve taken and all the cigarettes you smoke.
 the pastrami recovery at @smokednstacked dc sandwich saurkraut @ smoked amp stacked 
 nowhere to smoke 
 i will smoke your ass 
 finally i can smoke feel good too
 sessions just stated that people who smoke marijuana are not good people.  just sayin 
 i cant function in life without weed and thats the saddest thing ive had to admit to myself.
 aint noting to a gee but too roll some bomb ass weed.
 activists are planning to smoke pot en masse outside the u.s. capitol on april 24. 
 drinking an a year with dr. nandu by @aeronautbrewing @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 when everybody and they dad smoke in your phone  
 south hempstead ny sun feb 26th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 didnt feel like a long smoke today but burning a fav bbqlife backyardbbq bbq 
 every time i smell weed i get so fucking happy 
 yall think if i smoke this headache will go away
 im just going to go home smoke the fattest blunt i can roll amp sleep my life away
 how cohosting vicelands bong appetit altered and expanded this weed nerds mind  via @cannabisencyclo
 hate getting smoke in my eyes when im smoking a blunt dang it
 i have zero respect for people who smoke cigarettes in there cars with kids in them....
 tell myself know more smoking  next week i smoke again
 im at macs smoke shop in palo alto  ca  
 i really just want to lay out insert the moonlight  smoke a blunt and listen to some new music
 how many from weed none. natha. nothing.  yet it still is a schedule i controlled substance. 
 gabby snachated me sayin she smokes w a pic of actual smoke in her room then she sent me a pic of a corn sayinha jk its a hot ass corn
 smuttynose smuttlabs smoked peach short weisse now available in cans.  @smuttynosebeer craftsmanalehouse beermenus
 his grandpa warned him about the many dangers of doing the weed of pot.
 damn i really dont got nobody to smoke with. hell i woulda payed for the weed lol
 @boomboxcartel so yall play the 28th in san marcos  thats my birthday. can i smoke yall out or what
 i got the iris  i smoked my cigarette and now ima pass out. i fixed my sleeping schedule thank godddd
 im scared of not passing this drug test for work and i havent smoked in 6 months... but ive been around people smoking
 i bet he smokes water  alex st clair
 my favorite thing to do is smoke and watch movies. i need a hobby smh
 auto accident with entrapment uniondale ave and hempstead turnpike. 
 oh  deh ganja dont flow no more  cuz i fucking smoke so much of it. ay mon  me greedy to stupid.
 repost @hightimesmag with @repostapp  caption this cuteness   via smokeypointprod4 meet 
 monday morning smells like sweet tobacco and getting called out by my prof for reeking of weed when i walked into class 
 i just asked a question and sounded like a 36 year old man who smokes two packs a day at 6 in the morning lmao
 when my dog start crying i just blow weed smoke in her face. she be relaxed after. 
 @potus @realdonaldtrump maybe you need to smoke some  it may help  you can ask your crazy dr. yourefired 
 smart smoke detectors keep an ear out in vacant homes 
 @fox34 that weed brownie got me off the hook
 smoking weed is so unattractive to me.
 if someone wants to get me outta my house today thatd be siiiiiiick lets smoke weed in the woods or something g
 @possiblyjorge jah bless brotha smoke up
 @jeffsessions smoke some weed and accept the fact your antiweed supporters are gettin old and are in the way. your old  ignorant and mean
 @michaelskaggs45 i thought school was cancelled once in sophomore year when there were a lot of fires and temecula was covered in smoke
 do i wanna leave n get food or just smoke or take a quick lil nap 
 wtf can i do with 10.25 plus yo weed habit and my weed habit and yo weed habit
 and im always ending up with men who dont smoke as much as me.
 havnt smoked a backwood in a week 
 if i smoked this id be trying to turn the brightness of the sun down outside with my iphone 
 to be fair  cannabis has effectively been decriminalized for white folk in nebraska since the plant was first cultivated.
 damnnnn yo  i wish i was cool enough to smoke cigs chyeahbrother
 this sux out here and no smoke oh well im just gonna get drunk
 i hate momshaming  but nice thing can you possibly say to mom wearing her baby in the smokers lounge at the airport
 install working smoke alarms on every storey amp outside sleeping areas. its the law imfiresafe4march 
 im really confused bc the mayor of the city of boca raton  just chatted me up at work i work @ a smoke shop
 imatthatage where youd like to see if cannabis can help improve your quality of life if so  we can help. 
 the relaxed and happy feeling i get when i purchase a bag of weed gtgtgtgtgt
 @acarl1985 interestingly  that is all cleared up. must have been contact weed eye from you or @mayaayana
 i dont smoke but something about the smell of belmonts is so comforting to me
 my friend raul always bringing the weed and chocolate hook ups to class 
 you bitches dont want no smoke lol
 there is not enough research done on marijuana usage and pregnancies so you cant say anything for sure but...
 @leodicaprio weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 me and pops bout to smoke this one 
 no longer smoke and dark 
 what the fucking fuck im bout to smoke all my weed 
 man weed be having me dizzy and paranoid 
 and my hoes like queens but we smoke like kings
 @hspaulds chelsea haha rack them this is my house smells faint trace of marijuana our father who art in heaven hallowed be thy name th
 bruh weed make me so lazy from now on  i aint smoking no mo. 
 ion really like people  but i do want me a friend or two up here. just somebody to smoke amp talk shit with.
 @dorkholder95 idk why anyone would smoke that shit lmaoo
 @dragontatoo just saying  weed is legal in california now but still... you never want a positive test.
 is he on weed or something i know they have medical marijuana in dc 
 is weed good well  the first 3 letters are  wee
 a little weed neva hurt nobody.. thats a fact
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 418 fonthill ave  trash along roa 
 a nigga tryna smoke but nobody on campus want to cash app
 im bored i need someone to smoke with
 @exxonmobil  us industrial hemp would provide a clean burning energy source amp millions of jobs  jeff davis  staff 
 lol yall can smoke liquor will be my only vice.
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 where there is smoke there is fire.  hiding something possibly 
 todays smokefilled  coughinducing  eyewatering skies in west texas sponsored by the sanford townsend band. wildfire
 i wish i could breathe but all of this smoke 
 opened report via iphone at 140 warren st  1  roxbury  please cut weeds. 
 match me lets smoke big dro
 ill smoke weed at 419. did i rustle ur jimmiez 
 when your mom hits you up to buy weed from you but she hasnt smoked in 24 years 
 if weed was bad id be dead 
 i gotta smoke to eat tho its bad
 havent smoked weed since saturday. how do people live
 if i had a dollar for every time my room smelled like weed bc of the people on my hall id be the richest girl at west ga.
 ask any ol barstool in this town  ask my new found party crowd  sure i take more jack in my coke now  alittle more high in my smoke now
 the sb exit 105 golden gate pkwy is also closed due to the smoke. avoid the area  i75 trafficalert swfl colliercounty
 wednesdays at otl smoke shop and lounge each and every week in south tampa @ otl smoke shop amp 
 a new weed dispensary is going to open in orlando soon  sooooooooooooooooo...
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1710 northbourne road baltimore  send message. 
 hbd  dont smoke too much now @madimau 
 award we printed for our local freemasonry lodge.  blue pla switched to silver smoke htpla. 220c  .2mm layers 
 my car smells like chinese  mcdonalds  and weed and im v confused but not upset tbh
 @samanthankane omg thank u  and just think about all the cigarettes i smoke
 i need to not be a chain smoker
 should i go to this game or smoke gelato 
 no one in my house knows i smoke but they are about to figure it out 
 i wanna date a girl that smokes 
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing at @beerauthny  
 ive been trying to turn janelle into a stoner since in the womb  i leave the state for 1 month and all the sudden shes a weed expert
 anyone wanna come thru and smoke a blunt
 if you aint have jokes as a kid you were smoked
 qt sold me stale wraps.... if i wasnt so ready to smoke id go bitch
 a little too much citrus for me  drinking a pranqster 2016 by @nocoastbrewco @ smokers choice   
 . @ehedberg on the aforementioned scene ive seen less smoke in a car in a cheech amp chong movie.
 ehhh but smoke break  chance the rapper 
 somebody bring me some weed
 i want to go out to smoke and drink  but im enjoying being lazy a bit too myself much lol
 i just got drunk for the first time but nah i dont smoke 
 just wanna smoke 
 wow its like i aint get my drinks tonight or weed  just sober out here for the first night in a lil minute
 im a joker im a smoker im a midnight toker
 i have the lamest friends ever. i was smoking my buddy out  after one bowl he passed out. left me to smoke alone in a parking lot smh
 @jayahemsworth hello morning im single and from hempstead new york
 going to smoke before i get a license today so ill look normal when i get pulled over
 ltshockstergt did you hear about that woman that smoked dope in the streets of baghdad she was so stoned.
 @ejoelwatts @realdonaldtrump yeah cause hes more a cigar smoker monica cigars.
  lemme smoke the rest of this and stop tryna get my ass arrested
 yes i love her like pussy  money weed 
 now that my morning went from a 10 to a 0  im just gonna smoke this l in peace
 @spiffyshit lol what i gotta smoke that pressure
 my buddy @chinabria wrote a nice review of my medical marijuana book. many thanks.  learn a 
 fight resistance 6 leave no survivors. do not tolerate any weeds in the soil bank. make this a personal philosophy.
 i havent smoked since 6 some yday and its getting to me.
 hoky smokes. 
 run for us too we love running and hope to participate in the smokey mountain 12 marathon in september. gbo 
 yo   epd stop tryna investigate people with weed amp start searching for real criminals  
 clark county nevada commissioners vote 12 members of the countys new marijuana advisory panel green ribbon p 
 i75 closure reduced now closed mile 10180 collier blvd.  sr80 still active smoke and fire along 
 does @potus genuinely think he can throw thick enough smokescreens to distract investigations on his ties w his bf putin theresistance
 shell always flow back through my mind like smoke
 how to beach @brunch at the pointe on 30a smoked salmon quesadillas  charred corn  mascarpone  rice grits and a 
 if the bitch smoke blacks she will steal from ya
 @wadntme @harrythetech76 @peddoc63 you need to smoke a higher quality meth
 @breezzhh easy for her bc she doesnt smoke loud
 @tylermoffenbier i really wish i could smoke with her
  ive never smoked weed  been drunk  snuck out or skipped school. copy amp paste this as your status whoever likes it thinks your lying.
 @trafaelcimino @realdonaldtrump  really   you must smoke crack. they fked you n you still dont know it. snowflakes just dnt get 
 i really just wanna smoke
 drinking an 440 pepper smoker by original gravity brewing company at @oneeyedbetty  
 i just dont like to roll no more but i be ready to smoke
 perks of me being your boyfriend...you can smoke whenever you want for me
 drove through the smoke monday evening  for all the bad stories ive seen  this one makes you feel a little better. 
 omg i wonder if  means the weed leaf  like does @drebae smoke da pots i just see him smokin da pots and chill and go 2 work
 my friends dont even wanna come smoke w me so what even
 i need a pipe i be lazy to roll sometimes i just wanna smoke a bowl.
 @saaaauuu1 wtf you talking about willis i dont smoke...
 my brothers always wanna smoke backwoods 
 come smoke this blunt with me bro
 just watched the first episode of an anime i heard from @kerothewolf called ginga denetsu weed. its interesting so far.
 local country sausage  smoked gouda and caramelized onions make this quiche one of our new 
 i gotta smoke less cause i think to much... 
 definitely smoke that truck out on the way. deadass.
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation loretto  pa
 this has marked the first 24 hours that i havent smoked in probably a year amp a 12
 and i just realized that weed is legal here 
 wondering about the smoke that just started at durhamchapel hill border. anyone know anything. just started a few minutes ago.
 time to hemplify on ice or with your favourite fruits at @berrybowl york blvd in la hempextract omega3 
 @mattyglesias i dont see any deaths from marijuana overdoses
 babe said no weed this vacation you best believe im ready to go home and smoke my ganja 
 @deathbydisco @moradababy when im smoking amp put it on snap im definitely not like look at me and my huge ego bc i smoke lol
 jake amp i just smoked together on face time during his break. if thats not goals then idk what is 
 police raiding cannabis culture on bank st. in ottawa. reports other store locations raided in vancouver amp toronto 
 press release man charged with marijuana and tetrahydrocannabinol extract 
 i really wanna stop smoking cause im tired of having to pick up weed
