 im going to smoke this fever away.
 @tedsmarijuana welcome i usually only follow politics but i love my medical marijuana it helps me sleep. most 
 @iiiis youre just a foodiccfoo now  no more smoker tybg
 when i smoke i just let my mind go. relax mode
 @creativesouthga @delifreshthrds @ironbankcoffee the bucket at tommys smokehouse. 
 i wish i could smoke weed in the library
 literally lost this weed like two weeks ago litlitty 
 i need more smoke buddies that can actually match with me instead of always wanting a pull from my stash  
 it aint the stuff i smoke 
 almost fought a female tonight bouta eat a xan smoke a bubbler eat top the tater get a blowjob while watching its always sunny then sleep.
 when people tell you you smoke too much  
 i could never smoke that much lol
 am i going to get any curious cat questions that dont have to do with weed or
 @shelbychong @tommychong is this like minecraft but with weed  weedcraft 
 i was smoked outtttt lmaoooooooo
 whenever im lowkey fucked up after i roll up i always just put weed in my pants pocket for whatever reason lol
 best marijuana symbol ever weed.  cgc twmjf 
 yall dont want no smoke
 @thehsf unbelievably hypocritical of you to get upset at commercials for junk food yet remain silent on legalizing smoking of marijuana.
 3 mcmurry players and 4th person known as little haiti had gone to rob victim of marijuana  affidavit says 
 i want to lay in the grass at dolores  smoke some spliffs and list to music for like 6 hours.
 smoking marijuana  eating cheese doodles  and masturbating do not constitute plans in my book
 believe charm bracelet with black hemp cord hempcord handmade slidingknot charmbracelet friendshipbracelet 
 and yeah  thats sitting on a pile of smoked gouda mac n cheese shells.    you can just roll me out of here. 
 nah   id smoke with them  
 @thelastword trump is smoke screening his fears are taxes and conflicts of interest. russian hacking this is the only way to impeach him 
 @bullpenbattles  new chef trez discuss whats a top tier battler  says he will smoke john john da don 
 people only fwy when its time to smoke r do something negative
 my roommate smokes like 3 cigarettes a day and every time she coughs i swear she sounds like shes gonna die  gasping for air and shit
 i smoke a whole onion n try not to cry
 g weeder one of the funniest niggas on insta 
 that weed genie showed up
 jus gonna smoke this blunt amp lay down 
 @blahblahlps @caspersky so if u lay out weed for a whole mile does that make it the green mile
 i smoke then get lazy asf i need to stop
 didnt go out   saved money and i dont reek of cigarette smoke 
 when you give someone more weed than expected 
 the whole world needs to come together and just smoke a blunt
 @marcbrodyreal no smoke and mirrors just like you bringing up obama got him elected. hate got him elected and he still lost the popular vote
 when you tryna smoke but you got 3
 smoking on designer weed
 yvonne conwell im not all in right now. holy smokes.
 more rt and likes and ill drop it til then im smoking my weed 
 well i actually smoke 77 nights but im still about to graduate a year early and head to college so i think im go 
 havent smoked a cigarette in 6months   at the end of august will be 1 year 
 @18rowdynation smoke is still rolling as hes waving the flag
 @youtube one of my favorite weedtubers. cannabis vlogs are the best.
 yall hatin on trump till he legalizes weed and gunna start callin him the og nigga lmao
 heavy weeded 
 me talking about the mandela effect dad you must be smoking some really crazy weed
 still only giving rides to those who both smoke me out and give me gas money
 currently jamming curreny with this bad bitch she dont smoke but she going burn with me .
 i remember in middle i told my gf at the time that smoking weed was bad and that i would get mad lmao
 do i wanna smoke this blunt rn or tomorrow lol
 when youre racing home from getting smoked out cause theres wings waiting on you gtgt
 shep smith apoplectic after latest flynn revelations its too much lying  and too much smoke 
 vancouver trends now canuck  cannabis culture  prince of pot  victo  russ. 
 my car smells like weed amp i dont even smoke. im about to get kicked out of spu i swear 
 @juliavisconi and by boyfy i mean a pound a weed
 nc legalized weed for medical reasons only 
 need somebody to smoke this blizzy wit
 another legalized state. positivefriday @ smoke shop 2 in las vegas  nv 
 @marianoring @smokepurpp i dont think smokepurpp knows who your friends are hence why its impossible for them to claim friendship
 i smoked my first blunt with that guh 
 nigga you smoked one of my blunts before dont try to hoe me  
 i didnt know you smoked you never smoke me out  get yo own shit  broke ass bitch
 @rayybanns @jurgena i smoke now come spark up rei 
 shes cute but she smokes swishers 
 yeayeayea this thc just aint no fucking weed
 i need weed to proceed
 sitting next to smokers in lecture is awful
 @davidjspellman smoke a joint.
 my smoke will make you choke @rtpetboy @rtsubby @rtfindom1 @rt4fd @rt4tat2 @rtcunt96 @rtdoms @rtpromo2 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4946 carmine avenue gwynn oak  
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation beckley  wv job jobs
 rfd working on a smokey fire by allen and litchfield st. roc @twcnewsroc 
 @rollingstone late arrivals for work  no shows etc. saw the special on weed distribution in colorado store fronts. 6 part series
 you really want smoked huh.. word on streets yall running to folks li punk 
 i hate when i cant find smoke 
 you could add rodney johnson to that list if medical cannabis were legal in north carolina 
 see our latest clayton  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 homies smoked me out on my break
 @mlbcigarvntures @mikebellody @djohn770david   nice change up. made by @epcarrillo @ blue smoke 
 the most success people in the world smoke marijuana. think about that. and then think about how illegal it remains.   dawnsstonedthoughts
 go long enough without weed and the real feelings come out
 true smoker gah dammit  
 @halseylifestyle a kid at my school one time told me halsey was in the chain smokers
 everywhere we walk reeks of weed lol
 i dont smoke phillies im a swisher man 
 back in la  where theres a 1 in 3 chance that the air you breath in will smell like a field of burning marijuana. home
 happy friday im going to go home  smoke weed  eat a cheese burger  and take a nap before studying 
 just posted a photo @ hempfield township  westmoreland county  pennsylvania 
 i got dreads like im from islands.. smoking weed like im from the islands..
 this bitch really tryna smoke outta kazoo
 this bitch really tryna smoke outta kazoo
 the smoke really deep out here. wait till the youngins secure this ring tomorrow though.
 holy shit man this is some fire ass weed
 its so weird when youre the only one in your group of friends that doesnt smoke lol
 i cant believe i aint smoke today 
 lmao follow back  rt @rodpigwit @coldafcardo im tb shawdy getting free weed. datz how she gettin it  centralrys17
 @grossgyal trynna smoke
 waiting in the whip on twitter waiting to be smoked out 
 dont smoke  dont drink  thats why i dont be by the bar baby
 whats all the banter man smoke op like pot.
 happy client @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 pull up and smoke this blunt
 damn i wish i still smoked  first time ive wanted to since i quit smh
 who needs weed
 i hate smoking alone so much that i usually smoke all of my weed with my friends when i have some lmfao
 cant smoke the git so pass the henny till the check my pee
 who trynna smoke
 my fam amp the funeral home might be appalled  but you better smoke one for me 
 good weed. good day.
 @trevortperry  update screamed not today satan at the smoke detector. and it stoped beeping. 
 lunch honey cured turkey breast and smoked provolone cheese  and music videos on mtv classic. 
 i have the dankiest weed cookies rn
 whenever the place next door to work smokes in their basement my office smells so dank
 its good weed and xanax in california and i still see people inhaling shit out of balloons
 that did not take long..where there is smoke... 
 salmon benedict  two poached eggs on a toasted english muffin with smoked salmon and chefs 
 steaks are sitting with homemade rub later will be on treagergrill where will cook and smoke how we roll on satu 
 .@repgaramendi congressman garamendi i appreciate your efforts challenging this big giveaway to the rich under the healthcare smokescreen.
 i can smoke weed and adore palm trees for a long period of time
 call me feech la manna if you wanna got that marijuana on every corner
 a brief history of marijuana in the movies by @merryjane... was reefer madness the original fakenews  cannabis
 i dont drink just sin been feeling im pure ganja and water boy
 @warpeddwight @redawgone @marinasirtis i live in wa. just use for pain and cant smoke because of asthma so edible only.
 me amp the guy next to me in traffic legit just had a smoke sesh  windows rolled down taking turns with our ratchet music 
 interesting people smoke
 stop chemo and just smoke weed.  yeah sure ill get right on that.
 so i just asked my 12 year old niece if she smoked weed and she said no i got jesus i dont need marijuana dead 
 change your clocks  change the batteries in your smoke alarm daylightsavings springforward 
 300 cases of bullshit lmfao. you factually cannot tell me alcohol is better than weed  youre brainwashed af. snap 
 bitches stay fucking to smoke 
 cigar smoke. valentino designer swim wear.
 @alllyz exactly maybe if some of these politicians would smoke a bowl theyd realize its not bad like they make it out to be. fuckers
 erry time i smoke dis gorilla glue my lil shit say itch 
 me whenever i contemplate not buying weed to save  
 lol when the weed finally start to hit 
 lol my dad smoked 2 briskest amp 2 pork shoulders...  alex is about to find out how mexicans throw babys birthday parties
 listening to lupe fiasco and going to smoke a small lil paper before i go to bed  make some tea  take it all in
 everyones sleep so no ones down to serve or smoke with me
 the difference between you and i is youre into just smoking weed and me  im into the business 
 why u lying u know u only smoke .4s outa white owls  
 @weedssouthvan @jodieemery @sunlorrie @marcemery3 @order all @justintrudeau needs is give actual marijuana people a voice in process
 from friday morning.   @ hempfield township  westmoreland county  pennsylvania 
 all the rappers rap about smoking swishers but you mean to tell me none of yall regular niggas smoke swishers 
 30 000 fucking rsvp on event brite yesterday we made cannabis history kushstock
 we had plans but yall would rather sit around and smoke 
 me and the fianc talking about investments  savings  and supplementary income.   turns on weeds
 @foxnews is blowing smoke again our military is the biggest and most powerful in the world
 i gotta put something on my stomach before i smoke but i have no appetite unless im high... i hate that shit
 i didnt smoke pot all thru hs and college...up til now...and because of my severe chronic pain... medical pot legal in nm is prescribed.
 bday smoke sesh w me anyone
 yo lungs need to go to a vet. u smoke baby dicks. 
 most important media for vatican smoke godatsxsw sxsw
 yall got the weed prices over here so fucked up lmao
 i smoke a new joint everytime. even though theres 20 olds in my ash tray
 im just learning so much about cannabis amp its history.  i know the plant is native to northern india amp pakistan
 looking for social smoke in mission hills socalsmokeshop is stocked and ready for your 
 wanna smoke and go to chipotle..
 its crazy how many problems in my house cause the smell of weed
 i dont do drugs i just smoke weed 
 i need to clean my car out. smell like weed  liq and food lol
 man i just wanna smoke a blunt and chill but i cant cause i aint got nothing. 
 @bryancarroll21 dont get smoked by a terrible bc or mediocre st johns
 @braincandylive does the dry ice smoke machine make the floor moist after it is used 
 shakshuka with smoked sausage  
 yep it didnt happen in a vacuum. preet must have been getting close. others were just a smoke screen. 
 the devil busy tonight breaking down my weed on my dresser and it fell when i went to grab my wrap 
 more smoke. rep. elijah cummings suggests trump may have fired preet bharara to block investigation. 
 birds are singing the praises of my smoker loaded with steaks  with thejessicaparksinsta amp 
 just gonna smoke a blunt and come home and sleep again
 @adiesirb12 mine smokes me out  ampi she dont expect me to put in 
 my mom says im coughing cause i smoke to much but in reality im just getting sick
 i just did a load of laundry and accidentally washed my exes sweater and there aas weed in the pocket and now everythings covered ahha
 dont come at me talkin bout smoke that you better match that shit
 i hate dealing with new surroundings when im high...i like to be comfortable when i smoke
 come smoke with me
 dont smoke.  dont drink alcohol.  dont drink soda.  dont eat pork.    always looking for small ways to better myself as a whole.
 hits blunt  if weed so bad why do i feel good
 when a random guy buy you some  and he doesnt smoke 
 i like the marijuana but not the alcohol. 
 times like this when im so awake i wish i had weed
 the weed out here is sooo good 
 i just wantt to smokee a extendoo
 im smoking weed rolling weed im blunted
 i smoke weed like its legal
 about to stop letting people eat and smoke in my car. i have to completely clean it out for the third time in less than a month
 i need to find a weed man in columbus
 ima smoke this joint then ima break you off
 its been 2 days since springforward  did you check if your smoke and carbon monoxide alarms are working 
 pull up and smoke 1 in ya driveway
 i just wanna smoke
 rs i wonder weed does that 
 come kick your feet up and come smoke with us on this gloomy and rainy monday  
 check out new cirpreme herbicide copack from @dowagrocasc . controls many weeds including herbicide resistant ones. for wheat and barley
 this weeks special brisket burger   @4rsmokehouse @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 smelling of smokes and stinky feet long rainy day
 what if a bill required companies benefiting from marijuana legalization to donate  of profits to freeing ppl incarcerated on pot charges
 really depressed gunna smoke keef see u on the other side
 lol this is all i can smoke now  
 can me and my boys come over and smoke 
 .@eoriiart  playing harvest moon i accidentally pulled a weed and i died
 whoever made this breaking bad movie definitely should do the same with weeds
 not sure if its the weather or weed but its got me feeling like im in california... or both lol
 accident  shoulder blocked in hempstead on the southern st pkwy eb at meadowbrook pkwy  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave traffic
 @michaell0302 push for legislation that allows companies to develop clean hemp based fuels and plastic products.
 i never understood that they were smoking marijuana when i watched this as a kid. i thought they were just hanging out in the basement....
 all i smoke is dutch now
 you guys.. my boyfriend literally smoked weed from a cucumber today  i have never seen anything like this hahahaha 
 soon. open water swimming. if we can just get some warmer weather. i miss the swim. but not the sea weed. monsters 
 i wanna smoke with dead people so i can see my boy jasper
 house bill 81 would reduce marijuana possession penalties in texas 
 bout to smoke amp dont wanna be bother
 my momma bf just called me and asked what kind of cigs i smoke and bought me a pack  when i say he the goat 
 the only thing i ever do after work is smoke n eat smh
 rachel is a smoke show  cant wait to watch her season thebachelorette 
 i cant stand cigarette smoke 
 cleveland show amp a lil smokesumo 
 wish i could smoke rn but im a dub
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 i smoke so much idec what ppl think anymore
 when it come to smoke you hoes messy  and i like to fight
 money for weed amp space jams but no bed 
 how many of you hoes gone take care of smoke when i break his jaw 
 accident  right lane blocked in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy sb after southern state pkwy  stop and go traffic back to hempstead tpk
 who tryna smoke
 me when the bassline drops on father son holy smoke  blkswn @sminobrown 
 oh shit i still had some weed left. time to get high and dye my overalls 
 fucking wit my niggas ill smoke a zip
 i want to smoke a jay
 lol i gotta spending ticket soon as i get here  but didnt get in trouble for the weed lol lit
 the whole cafeteria smell like weed in third lunch 
 i cant find a lighter so im going to use the stove to light my smoke but idk how the cleaning lady is going to feel abt it
 the munchies of eddie lacy will be hard to control with all the legal weed amp good asian food available in seattle
 @ryanhurd they really do smoke the good stuff there damn fortune tellers.
 i know obama doesnt smoke reggie this is a lien this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 take a shot everytime a college kid writes a paper on marijuana
 go get my weed then bae 
 ive sold every smoke shop near me out of honey dutches lol
 @yasmeeeenx3 @johnjaysjp @mmoxo @noraax0 @raelalmonte lmaoo i was the tumble weed 
 if u like that joke you are pro weed
 reggie smoker  
 there really needs to be a delivery service for smokes and alcohol. @notethiopian want to invest
 @g6pusha looks worse than mexican brick weed
 mom smoke break @ halfmoon marina in midway  ga 
 just found an article in which researchers tested 7 different methods of rolling up to see which produces the more potent smoke
 a flower never blooms if it holds onto the weeds below
 my fingernails have been growing like weeds.
 take it easy smokey
 barnes is all for the legality of weed
 @xoxociara just smoke hookah  drink bacardi and enjoy the game 
 @germanrlopez of @voxdotcom declared that governmentgrown marijuana is too disgusting for persons who have his experienced palate.
 my nerves already bad because i havent smoked 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 @ajconwashington whats so good abt cannabis oil poor absorption  unreliable onset  prolonged duration. much better ways 2 treat.
 its really some shit that my apartments are smoke free
 you weirdos smoking government marijuana concern me 
 someone smoke with me
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now
 well i succeed paranoid from the weed
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 after you start vaping and you try to smoke a cigarette  does it make you feel sick
 showcasing whats left of my kitties amp weed series at the joint show 328 @northbowlphilly and selling my roll your 
 i smoke out all of my cars
 happy birthday day jayjay hope your having a good day be safe smoke sesh soon w me you n bry @jg5 
 nothings worse than boof weed and flavored rellos
 @themrbsshow @potatopunches71 @midnightsmoke1  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 now im tryna smoke. 
 finaldestination  friday march 17th  pull up on us and win you some money  weed  or lean doors open 
 im off work  lets smoke weed
 hes smoked his mother
 just submitted our company to the marijuana show   lowstresstrainer 
 slicing smoked pastrami... it was even more delicious than it looks 
 all the rappers i got on insta film themselves smoking weed in different countries instead of enjoying traveling.dats why i dislike stoners
 ok tbh nancy botwin from weeds is probably one of my greatest role models bc as problematic as she was that girls live was v dysfunctional
 man i aint bothering nobody i just wanna smoke my weed.  can a young nigga live thusm   
 you want smoke wassup get yo ass scuffed. @chiefkeef
 @rudepundit if nothing else @maddow smoked him out a bit. wh commented pretty quickly when this broke. theyre slow 
 hold on i didnt do nothing im trying figured out what i did im lost on weed 
 somebody better be ready to smoke a fat ass blunt w me when i hop off the plane
 kitchen fire in residential unit legacy at sonoma 1825 sonoma blvd batt21 on scene reporting smoke showing establishing legacycommand
 time to smoke biggest bowl ever.
 i smoke swishersi smoke to get high not to look good that shit is gettin burned g
 90s sitcom weed episodesgtgtgtgt
 im gonna throw a reefer party for my 20th 
 @barstooltrent i found a columbia jacket in iowa city one night and the pocket was stuffed with weed
 @jonahjeter if anything  this leak was probably aided by trump. gotta make smokes and mirrors.
 father son holy smoke..
 thank god 4 sean hannity. hes spot on with his commentary amp i love his tvamp radio program  he weeds out madcow amp al 
 if all you do is smoke and show your gun on snap chat dont tell me to follow you 
 florida weed is madness lmao written off isnt the word
 when you dont smoke  so guys have  to think of a better way to ask you for your time. 
 if youre a weed man and youre turning down business right now  youre retarded. get this money while you still can.
 why you gotta do all that just smoke a blunt 
 i hate giving white girls gbs they always be fucking it up and letting all the smoke go smh 
 someone come smoke w me
 despite todays snow day being eat sleep smoke repeat. i did remember to send the reverend a lovely happy birthday 
 jays here so that means my dads going to sleep in the living room and im tryna smoke
 business as usual at the llb campus wednesday morning. all clear sounded no anticipation of lingering smoke smell. minor incident.
 does lisa rinna smoke weed its medicine too take an edible on a flight to hong kong... might be fun rhobh
 152 am thinking about homegrown smoker
 when they go to pass you the blunt and you say i dont smoke 
 smoking weed everyday not cute idc
 on days like this i just wanna smoke dmt for 3 days straight and get the fuck out of this shitty planet.
 tip done smoked three blunts hit ihop and this man rolling up again 
 stuck in traffic for 3 hours. at least i have my travel humidor nowsmoking 30minute smoke 
 this is more trump smoke and mirrors. 
 so sick and just wanna smoke 
 @perarl sleep  throw up  tylenol  bc powder  weed  more of the same liqour  beer  gatorade  shower  greasy food  etc.  but ultimately time.
 when people from up north find out weed in florida is 10 a g during spring break 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 annual fatal overdoses  gt opioids 33 000 up 6x since 2002 gt alcohol 2 220 gt marijuana 0  priorities 
 i smoke so many raw papers im praying for a sponsorship
 happy weedsday
 .@jeffsessions attempting to demonize marijuana solely benefits pharmaceutical companies and private prisons
 mediation  conversation amp a little marijuana. 
 @vaca079 @helloimrudy rudy no mames smoke everyone out while youre at it
 im at home dyin rn someone come thru wit a im sorry ur on ur death bed but heres a blunt blunt  and smoke it with me in me cozy room 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 can you recommend anyone for this job restaurant manager  smokehouse   hospitality isleofpalms  sc hiring
 order our juicy smoked jerkchicken and rice amp peas with our friends ubereats @ the jerk joint 
 i smoke because it relaxes me  not because its trending 
 weather and temps are looking great for @mtcarmelbrewing on friday come on out for brewsnque...and our smoked salmon makes a return too
 zombie with a smoke bomb. tftila   fujifilm fujifimxpro2 xpro2    shoottokill visualsgang 
 i wish someone talked to me the way @wizkhalifa talks to his weed
 free weed......  onlyonthedolashow welcometothedolashow  thisisthedolashow @ vallejo  california 
 so smoke with me baby lay with my baby
 sure i take more jack in my coke now  a little more high in my smoke now 
 holy smokeshow my gf is a babe 
 @ericliptonnyt @jullig @pekingmike something was fishy after the one china call and tweet smoke and mirrors now avalanche of china biz
 27 prescribed meds after my brain surgery. marijuana did what all of them couldnt do in mere minutes. life saving 
 trump is in bed with russia which would make putin the most powerful man in the world not trump . snoop dogg smokes 
 same. and weed. i upgraded from the free shit. 
 just want to hike waterfalls and smoke dope all summer
 i love being surrounded by such intelligent folks. todays sxsw panel on cannabis journalism was 
 lol  ya ever had ya plugs girl give you more weed just cause you a girl too
 i knew you smoked crack. 
 colorado ptsd patients should qualify as marijuana medical condition httpst.cow7xj6ufeu1  cannabis norml 
 @nowthisnews if i have to listen to this racist asshat at least give me weed as an option
 let me give you a deal. stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 jeff sessions marijuana is only slightly less awful than heroin 
 its wayback wednesday  on dinner with dre. i made a whole smoked 
 you do not smoke no tucks my nigga
 hit the weed n gat hella hungry
 there is so much smoke in dc  people are wearing gas masks.
 i would so much rather smoke a joint and relax than get tanked off alcohol and lose control.   good thing one is illegal and frowned upon
 provoke to smoke n toke if ya cant take a joke take coke n go broke
 y do people assume i smoke weed im a good girl i have never done such a thing as that
 @raxpistov just saw a nigga at 420 smoke shop face down on the pavement surrounded by cops amp medics too
 translation alcohol and pharma lobbyists spend a lot of money trying to stave off reefer madness. 
 boys drool  weed rules. now go pack yourself a big ol bowl.
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 stevie thought he was out of weed but he looked down and found more and now hes gonna happy cry
 i need a neighbor to smoke w
 this smoke session gone do me some good rn.
 then finally got my stank ass in the shower  got out smoked a blunt watched some shameless and slumped before mark got home from work lol
 see our latest elizabethtown  ky job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 watch me smoke dis cookie bet not nan nigga do shit to me.
 cant smoke weed to it  i dont wanna listen to it
 i burned my mustache while smoking weed last night  dont let anyone ever tell you this isnt a dangerous drug
 whos down to kick it   i got fire weed
 i cant wait for the day that you can freely talk about marijuana habits like we talk about drinking habits
 rp  @selecta7thursday march 30th save the date l.a.s cannabis night club lit lounge 
 in the fog we are weeding this beautiful garden lpo  scentgarden @ libby 
 i smoke that pack like jamaicans   my eyes real low like im asian .
 ayo someone smoke me up before i got to ny
 half the people who looked down on me for smokin weed be stuck on some other shit
 she rollin weed amp she dont even smoke
 im almost out of weed and im almost out of money.... my life is coming to an end.
 i found da gas so now i feel like myself im out here sxsw smoke one wit me if u see me
 all we do is smoke weed go out to eat and make out in the back of her car 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation columbus  in
 its 420 do you know where your weed is
 goals for today clean my pipe  drink water  smoke w my sister and take a shower
 all king outs better smoke at @mymontecristo richieriotcaldwellcigars caldwell4prez 
 @ihaconnect @tobaccofreein i did agree with gov daniels finally when he raised the cigarette tax for hip. still over 1in5 smoke reelection0
 ill smoke u out or something  i just wanna tan amp take a dip yall
 since when is weed bad for you like wtf.. 
 sxsw is the only event that make me think weed is legal
 if u smoke the devils lettuce u deserve to be smoked by dem cops real talk
 prepping done. ready for the smokers. all 400 lbs of it. @ moxie 
 havent smoked in while i need me a blunt i b stressing to much.
 i can relate but i dont smoke anymore 
 @vapornaught @clearwaymn why work towards harm reduction their job security needs smokers to keep smoking. tobaccofree is a game to them.
 @bradfisher11 @bleacherreport seems like just smoke  right
 the guys i know only get passionate about legalizing marijuana and hallucinogens 
 thank god for weed.
 yall really out here believing marijuana is worse than hookah issa dummy
 drinking a blackberry daze ipa by @anchorbrewing @ blowin smoke  
 lms if you smoke ampamp can have company right now
 omg i have apocalypse weed in the freezer 
 @mmeedmonton whatever it takes 2 help these heroes. usually im against drugs  but if medical marijuana saves a soldiers life  im for it.
 my house smells like straight weed 
 dreadchapo  uno  smokepurp  xxxtentacion  lil pump 
 never get sloppy high but cannabis is problem solving
 @richardkerris i am so glad you are enjoying my smoked seasonings  more recipes on 
 our firefightersfirst responders deserve major kudos for the work theyre doing to contain this fire. smoke has gone down significantly.
 sticky ass weed
 i just wanna smoke weed until my lungs cant take no more 
 its been approximately one week since ive last smoked and im itchin
  then the smoke got me  i got bronchitis   
 can we just sit in the car  smoke and talk 
 i smoked this whole king raw and im here cleaning my room lol
 me amp alari smoked two backwoods then was knocked at like 7 like some rookies
 ive never smoked crack...but i can imagine its like this 2x shot of expresso in my black coffee
 i came to my car to smoke a blunt and my sister text me this.  
 but wait...u believe your friend loses his hearing for 24 hrs by smoking some marijuana but u cant forget somethin 
 trump smoke amp mirrors nothing substantive thats his plan for america. donaldtrump
 from the economist espresso pot shots trump takes aim at cannabis  
  great co impact sourcing vidro. we harvest weeds that are potent like wintergreen from nepal to clean up habitats
 can freely smoke weed again
 dont talk to me about politics  trump or weed. yall annoying. puff puff pass love is love stop fcking killing people. yay
 donald trump tell the truth about russia and president obama and take your medicine. reports say obama is a smoke screen for russia.
 smh i knew someone was gone smoke my shit i told bih to put my damn weed up next time i know better
 yo i want a pet penguin and ima buy it a gold chain with diamonds and im gonna chill with it and smoke blunts and takem to nice restaurants
 i have become a 21 year old grandma. i dont smoke weed. i dont enjoy alcohol anymore. dont smoke cigarettes. all i want is some acid
 just set off the smoke detector 
 thought itd be chill to come outside   smoke a j and let stoney run around but nah cops wanna post up on the block today.
 @kylespisla and furthermore susan i wouldnt be the least bit surprised to find that they all habitually smoke marijuana cigarettes refers
 @shampoovta not until they can monetize duis for marijuana. then the cops will be all for legalization. happy saint patricks day
 when your boss @ the regina house lets you smoke 
 holy smokes. 20 wines  cider  beer  whiskey amp more. today at 4pm. happy stpatricksday  @experiencesw 
 high key hate when people brag about how much they smoke  like sit your ass down.
 @tokentre lol im a smoker tho.
 nothing against uberlyft drivers that smoke cannabis in their cars but ill leave their cars feeling like ive smoked.
 start your st. paddys night with our special smoked corned beef  bacon braised red cabbage over mashed potatoes w 
 friday is finally here with this beautiful weather  lets smoke  
 break up weed  who still does that  @ east atlanta 
 i dont think weed should be legal  but tell me why old men will be getting high on oxys and say weed is bad for you. smh
 i just wanna smoke with my peeps
 my gma bought me beer since i bought her smokes
 a quarter of us beer drinkers have switched to marijuana or would if it was legal  via @qz
 waves at a boy out of the window mom one of the homies huh me actually thats my weed man...
 smoke less weed  get way more lit when you do.
 free smokepurpp way fucc12
 i dont want anything to do with anyone who does drugs old people  talking about marijuana  who drink a gallon of whiskey every weekend
 chill at home with weed 
 i remember when this one bitch ratted me out for having my vape pen at school because she was busted with hers as well as had weed
 everytime i smoke a cigarette i say is gonna be the last  then something pisses me off and i light another one. oh well
 tea reload  and smoke break before i get back to my pile of homework  
 st pattys day smoke @ havana mix cigar emporium 
 ready to go home and smoke a spliff .
 my aunt did she smoke weed 
 im tryna find some1 2 smoke a blunt w i cant sleep without the boof pack
 we are still smoke testing just fyi salesforce now salesforcesaturday lol 
 now is wearing green. he must smell like weed.   livepd
 im about to chain smoke some newports baby
 who the fuck is weed whacking their lawn at 1230 in the morning
 allyourfault. @ smokey mountains 
 flames appear to be out but still a lot of smoke  several streets shut down in ybor as firefighters fight blaze at 
 bout to smoke some coke... this seems like the most reasonable thing to do
 moral of the story... not everyone  who smokes weed is your friend.  god bless you guys  amen
 where theres smoke  theres trumprussia. 
 my boy joking around i only give out weed to girls who give me hand jobs random irish girl what are you 7 who gives handjobs anymore
 theres no more weed myleastfavorite4words
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 119 w barre st  . 
 being with you by smokey robinson is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 found this on internet liked it as it helps explains marijuana and hemp  
 breaking news stoners smoke weed in oregon.  story at 11. 
 @rickyrozay sending smoke @ birdman
 im pullin up on niggas amp fighting niggas before we smoke
 this guy saw me walking over to him @ work amp threw his joint so i picked it up amp handed it to him amp said smoke outside then gave me 10 lol
 @normlcwa well  i think it is because there is no dui for it yet. same reason the police are against marijuana.
 so last night i was rly hungry amp i found a guy with a smoker on central and i def bought a smoked pork sammich from a stranger. so 
 mwam   antilgbt group opposes medical cannabis dispensary  the pacific justice institute  which has a long 
 i wish my nieces were here to pull some weeds. theyve got that high strung worker bee lawson blood. you should see my aunt phoebe... 8o
  we outta weed now    me after the 10th blunt   myleastfavorite4words 
 weed did it  cannabisevents official @sxsw panel discussion was a hit   
 lol at dudes who flirt with my girl and hit her up to smoke and shit. stop trying
 riddle me this how am i supposed to smoke my dart  drink my coffee and switch in and out of first and second gear at the same time
 i needa smoke a blunt
 high of this weed 
 when i cop the wraith...whoever the woman is that captures my soul  we will be looking at on the top and smoke a blunt listening to dom k
 what a test of friendship weed did to @ylssainek and me 5 years ago. lol.
 all i do is smoke weed amp run a lot of plays 
 just be needing a lil female to smoke with thats all.
 one hour left thank god anyone down to come with tonight or just chill and smoke hit me up outt a here at 6
 nigga want smoke  we got the draco  it gotta dick with a scope amp a beam  
 my weed habit so close to snortin powder..
 now the smoke alarms is going off... they have already delayed the game due to the clock not working right about 3 times... worst game ever
 this dude smell just like weed  like he just bathe in it 
 let me smoke. before i say something out of line
 dude lit a cigarette at the bar and when they told him he cant smoke in here he put it out on his hand
 wanna smoke with new friends  todays the perfect day
 the jesus lizard prophetically whispers to me in a smoke of consciousness and a haze of spirit nights his soul secr 
 when ya best friend the edible plug  so the weed oil stay on deck gt
 someone bring me to pick up weed so i dont have to walk ty
 shell make a batch of regular cupcakes then make like 34 w weed just for us 
 south hempstead ny sat mar 18th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 have you tried nerdvana for brunch yet shown here is their pig skillet  smoked ham  pork 
 finna smoke my first backwood back in philly .
 if i get a chance to smoke i will other then that its a straight dub
 this is funny. marijuana is legal  but not so legal that politicians dont want to control it. 
 wanna smoke n go to a museum or some shit
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 me and all my coworkers just had a dope ass smoke sesh now we all high @ work
 i have a question..how can u get marijuana out of your system
 trash ass program @novambb get smoked pussies
 drinking a smoked imperial pilsner by @stockyardsbeer at @stockyardsbeer  
 free smoke 
 one of the samples @magoaksocials cannabis farmers market. really chill  festive  while a thrilling milestone for 
 its a chill kind of day.....honey ganja and writing....have a magical day  
 for the past few months i aint been myself.... done nothing but drink n smoke...
 good beer whilst shoveling snow.  drinking a per diem @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 they stole the weed and burned it lmao
  please watch this video about alzheimers amp marijuana bring awareness @jointventurestv
 thats a whole lot of reefer  let me help you with the preroll
 i have nothing against the kids on northwestern  but because of their coach  and their alumni  i hope gonzaga smokes them.
 why the hell do people show up to public spaces smelling like smoke some of us are allergic  i had to leave work because i almost hurled.
 she wanted that smoke. she know better next time. 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @seefoodatlantic smoked fish dip and tile fish sandwich. serious yum 
 @marcylauren @nancypelosi @repcummings @senschumer serve them smoked rat
 thanks john amp deanne for the smoker hint  i only boil eggs everything else 
 she wanna do drugs  smoke weed get drunk
 me smelling hemp lotion at work my manager oh of course ur smelling the stuff with a weed leaf on it....stoner  lol u shouldnt know dat
 real queens smoke that shit . 
 all my neighbors are trimming and planting today.   man  legal weed in california is sure getting people off their asses
 @beacher50 @thehill fantasyland all they care about is their cellphones and their weed.
 @woodiiwood235 the day my aunt learned i smoked weed she thought i was bangin  robbing  jugging  finessing etc. lol
 yea im going to see kong. gone take some weed amp some snacks.
 im at @keyfood in hempstead  ny 
 day after st. pattys is for good food  good weed and good movies
 po boy tacos and smoked trout mac.  yum.  detroit @ huron room 
 trumps administration said weed is only a little less evil than heroin. okay lol smh
 bitch i always got weed amp you never have five.
 laugh or smoke or both 
 and dont you hate it when you go to the smoke shop and the employee working doesnt know jack shit about the products she sellin
 nigga tryna smoke more dope
 @grownmanballin @tigers i may have to bring a big slab of smoked beefpork and party eh
 i dont smoke but i might roll one.. 
 i dont even wann smoke man
 @keithallanduh i have a feeling a weed whacker wouldnt be very effective as a z whacker. unless you just clubbed them in the head w 1. 
 mini smoked salmon potato skins.  tonights passed appetizer. kitchenbtch potatoes 
 i kant pop pills or smoke cigs nomo thats too cheap
 girl you need to chill.. smoke a bowl or something
 drinking a tarnation by @baxterbrewing @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 drinking a kentucky bourbon barrel ale by @kentuckyale @ david alan alans smokehouse saloon  
 i just want an unlimited supply of marijuanas man
 foodiefieldtrip to zoesvb  some of the best soup ever smokey chesapeake bay crab bisque 
 who wants to smoke a blunt
 scoop and lets smoke this backwood
 lt@n909gt this guy is traveling in oregon lt@n909gt and ran out of weed lt@n909gt so he comes to oregon lt@n909gt and asks us for some
 money and weed 
 tryna smoke some with danny
 for anybody whos never seen chance live he plays pusha man and has flow into smoke again and its the coolest thing youll ever wtiness
 @fidtradz101 if we need seasonal workers  there should be a reasonable  legal process that protects our citizens amp weeds out crimeampterrorism
 told my mom she needs to smoke with me cause shes so angry all the damn time
 about  to just sit on the porch amp smoke amp gather my thoughts
 fear is great way to weed out people who dont belong. mentality
 yall gotta start prioritizing for real. how you got pot to smoke but not a pot to piss in
 lol just cause this bitch cute  she think she about to smoke for free   every girl  
 mom what kind of wine did you get me white zin. reminds me of college when i used to drink it from a box and smoke a ton of cigarettes.
 dont let me see you crying cuz honey ill smoke you until im dyin
 @soragnilab cld you argue over weeds yes. but as a whole its a big positive investment for many communities. 22
 my frequent flier just lit amp smoked on a cigarette on his gurney while in the emergency department. thats a level of boss i wasnt ready 4
 still blowing thick smoke while u powder ur nose
 if youre over there smoking weed or anything as long as youre not hurting anyone  i dont give a shit  coolest cop ive ever met
 well my bracket went up in smoke marchmadness
 the day after st. pattys day should be national lay in bed and smoke weed day.
 dude. you know that biggums for gonzaga smokes so much weed.
 i feel like @johnmayers twitter is someone who just tried weed for the first time and needs everyone to know witho 
 the only time you speak to me is about weed 
 my boo just gave me so much weed 
 im about to smoke myself into a coma.
 @joeybadass smoke sumthin
 the italian  irish  amp smokehouse fries from les frites even though they were all good  the smokehouse fries were a 
  iono why my mama wasting her time to make me take a drug test ion smoke
 brooooo im tired of hearing finishing touches. but i get it now. they just want me to get my weed ready.
 if youre geeked to smoke everyday  i think you should put the weed down and actually address your problems.
 drinking a pamola xtra pale ale by @baxterbrewing @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 who wants to smoke
 why did i leave my weed at home 
 mom you should start lookin for prom dresses  me im not going to that shit  mom you better go me only if i can smoke a fat blunt before
 u ever not realise when the weed hits u bc u were busy thinkin
 when i use to smoke i always had plans 
 need smoke
 so wait has my question finally been answered does kylie smoke the ganja 
 someone smoke me out i got rillos
 the proper slopper done gave me some meatsweats @ the proper pig smokehouse 
 cornedbeefbrisket cabbage redpotatoes carrots going on the smoker bbqlife no its not a 
 im ready to go home and smoke
 this cabbage amp smoked turkey got my house smelling like... 
 @iamakademiks i got my weed ready morelife
 who wanna smoke wit ej
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ sliders grill amp bar  
 np rather you than me as i smoke this gizzle 
 @thedweck @wrstew5150 its one way to weed out illegals  yell ice and see who runs
 drinking an all day ipa by @foundersbrewing @ smoke bbq   photo
 if she is that damn stupid then there is absolutely no hope for her. i guess she just smoked too much weed. 
 free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke free smoke
 who down to go to lake tawokani and drink sum and smoke some
 free smoke 
 free smoke @thetruscia morelife
 free smoke free smoke
 come get some free smoke bitchhhhhh
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke
 free smoke
 free smoke
 free smoke 
 this beat hard af  free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke 
 free smoke 
 free smoke
 free smoke aye
 at jbs smokehouseyum bbq @ jbs smokeshack 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke aye morelife 
 free smoke 
 free smoke ovosoundradio
 free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smokeee
 free smoke 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke @ new york traffic 
 free smoke 
 free smoke
 free smoke @ that snitch ass nigga
 na drake bodied free smoke 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke 
 free smoke is absolute flames.  morelife
 free smoke 
 free smoke
 free smoke
 free smoke drake 
 free smoke. free smoke
 free smoke 
 free smoke. 
 i could bump free smoke
 free smoke 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke was iight
 free smoke 
 free smoke free smooooke
 whoooooa free smoke is heat morelife
 someone be a homie come over and smoke with me
 free smoke
 free smoke free smoke ayeeee ovosoundradio morelife
 @nbrownera lmao free smoke to anyone
 @rawstory smoke  fire  denial. just like the administration of hate  obfuscation  plunder and greed.
 where theres smoke  theres trumprussia. 
 free smoke
 just gave the last of my weed to my moms friend cuz its her birthday amp she was sad .. and also likes weed
 free smoke
 i still think free smoke is the best one so far
 we get it you smoke weed 
 my room smells like straight up weed amp i dont even smoke . i loveee it
 @boi1da free smoke 
 drinking a dirty bastard by @foundersbrewing @ david alan alans smokehouse saloon  
 they need to replay that free smoke one more time 
 @stacyrippy @kfor i rolled down my windows and i smell smoke. ohp says all lanes are open though
 free smoke is gunna be on a loop for the next 2 weeks everything else is just a bonus
 free smoke
 free smoke
 i had hope after free smoke but im disappointed
 free smoke already billboard 1 lol
 these hoes behind me at the store talkin bout me smellin like weed and how im gonna eventually get caught  bitch im legal suck mydick 
 drake free smoke  free smoke  free smoke us ayyye morelife 
 had to look up what blem means  it means to be high off weed. now you know  too. ovosoundradio 
 on god if you text me match and i pull up and u have no weed im killing you
 one day ill have very own ranch with all kinds of animals happy ones. im gonna feed my cattle amp horses cannabisjust kiddin
 how imma be if i ever smoke with my mom 
 never smoke w. new niggas.
 i wanna smoke a jay by the bay
 i hate when i get smoke in my eye amp i have on mascara shit be burning like a motherfuck.
 baby cum smoke this wood wimmmme
 i cant smoke to nothing ive heard so far.
 @seanchriscole lol  thanks.   kenobi couldve just nicked his cloth and smoke came from that.   maul did have lot on.   lol
 currently pulled over and i was asked if i had crack herion meth or medical marijuana.... i thought it was a joke and laughed ..not a joke
 damn i really wanna smoke a blunt rn
 someone just made me roll down my window to ask me if i smoked weed  what
 im not judging or holding anything against people that drink and smoke but dont act like im boring because i dont
 cmon bro pull over bro you know i need backwoods bro i cant smoke these swishers no more bro
 hookah  coal and flavored smoke for 32 dollars copped 
 smell like smoke.
 does anyone in dallas have weed
 my pops is making brownies i told him lets put some weed in it he damn near smirked my curls off my head
 wanna smoke and vibe out to  teenage fever and nothing into something....  with nun but candles lit.
 got a haircut today that lasted 1 hour and 10 minutes. holy smoke my hair aint that technical. but i think i look good.
 somebody bring me weed
 free smoke is pretty straight  nothing fancy but eases us into it morelife
 free smoke free smoke
 i hate being sober imma smoker
 pull up to my shows tonight austin tx sxsw im givin out free weed and drugs  find me 
 free smoke free smoke aye
 free smoke
 holy smokes. devan dunbyk with an incredible save. mnwild
 i dont understand how people who dont have jobs have so much weed
 @shawnreyez the sample for the beginning of free smoke lowkey raw.
 so far... free smoke was so good. screaming @drake morelife
 i need some weed man 
 time to smoke this blunt
 bold with a good hit of smoke.  drinking a dirty frank stout by @rebrewing @ rivers edge brewing co   
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 101 into free smoke... 
 i wan smoke n go out to eat 
 free smokeeeeeeeeee
 we did a little vapin and didnt have no weed... but we got our drunk asses to the town of new orleans
 ok ok in order...sorry. now playing free smoke
 why do people smoke cigars unroll those a put some weed in there your doing it wrong
 everyone is drrrrry  wheres the weed man
 free smoke free smoke 
 drinking a gull dam hemp pilsner by @gulldambrewing @ the boulder tap house  
 he tried to hype us up for free smoke but.....
 free smoke has a sick beat 
 free smoke 
 a lil hen lil weed and some john wick
 free smoke free smoke
 this album finna be a weed tray by the summer
 @kamyra1123 yesss im like woah what the hell and i smoked. i was done for 
 free smoke beat got me like  
 oh just working the line.... bbqlife saturdaynight team thesmokeshopbbq @ smoke shop bbq 
 free smoke free smoke free smoke
 xavier handing out free smoke and thats word to drake 
 drake  free smoke
 free smoke  free smoke 
 i have a lot less weed than i thought i did and im genuinely blown.
 me during the first 36 seconds of free smoke tf is this shit  me when i heard the beat on the 45th second ooooo fucccc
 it kills me when i go into someones houseapartment and they smoke inside. i want to puke every time
 free smoke  free smoke
 free smoke 
 erika once told me i couldnt drive home bc i was fucked up from pot amp weed
 free smoke
 i just smoked alone amp im sad asf bc im use to smoking w celeste
 i hit the weed and proceed to say fuck all of yall.
 free smoke  free smoke
 free smoke free smoke ayyyyyyyy
 drake snapped on free smoke
 my momdont be a dope  see what happens when you smoke dope  i dont think i have laughed so hard in just my life 
 you better pass me a blunt before you pass me a bottle cause id rather smoke than drink  mom.... who are you.
 ok free smoke fire
 people at my house thought i was kidding until an all white van went down the street going 90 when we stepped out for a smoke break
 24 hours later  the storm of pot smokers has finally calmed down. that was fun...
 free smoke sound like the better version of summer 16
 free smoke
 free smoke 
 free smoke is straight fire
 the thermoworks smoke helps me make the best smoked chickens. thanks  @thermapen 
 free smoke is the best
 blessed for another beauty day harvest season coming april 20  2017  come smoke with me  
 there is so much weed butter in katies house
 the sneaky pickles smoked tempeh is undefeated amp i love how they cook their fries
 whos gonna smoke me out today 
 @6bird4 in the same way smoking taxes have lowered the  of smokers in ny and converted a  of those ppl to vaping and quitting due to price
 free smoke 
 right now my vibe so alive so pls when we smoke just hush
 dont miss our next slow smoke cooking class with valleyfarmmarket coming up before the del mar 
 free smoke  free smoke morelife
 im finna smoke then get in the tub for a few hours i need to soak cuz.
 never sell weed cause i smoke it to much...i fuck up the pack...
 working 12 hour shifts at a smokeshop makes me go insane 
 kinda wanna make some weed brownies lol
 free smoke  anoyone want it  they can get it  no joke.
 im playin free smoke when i walk down the aisle at my wedding
 another day off another day doing some barbecue. i need a bigger smoker also need to get better cutting the ribs 
 free smoke 
 chicken fried steak with just about of smoker brisket on ranch potatos omnichef vip texas 
 free smoke free smoke
 mardi grade creole chicken  watermelon tea and a crocodile swamp cooler @ lucilles smokehouse 
 i think i know why older folks call weed   dope cause as soon as a scavenging ass mf smell the weed they start acting like dopefiends
 enjoying some smoked mullet dip  buffalo chicken dip  ncaa  and donnyvanslee at @flacrackerstyle 
 as someone who isnt a drake fan  i wish he did more stuff like skepts interlude and free smoke  less that singalong shit
 free smoke  anybody want it they can get it no joke
 San Diego
 when u in the car w your parents and the pants you wearing were used in a full zip smoke sesh and you lowkey smell it lingering the car up
 free smoke
 im still waiting for somebody to prove me wrong about that tweet  everybody just blowing smoke right now
 the intro to free smoke popped up when i saw her 
 russian smoking kills more people than obama  although he kills a lot. dont smoke  dont be like obama.httpst.cowvahuvv6wy
 free smoke 
 almost forgot drink drink smoke clean bathroom then smoke take shower go out to local bar maybe
 white rustedout mini van bout smoked me in p town. smh she was showing off to her two teen kids yepthrowing shade. 
 free smoke 
 who got weeds
 free smoke free smoke ayeeee
 apple wood smoked salmon for dinner healthydinner @ budd bay cafe 
 free smoke  free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 i dont know whats worse  people who vape or people who smoke cloves.
 free smoke free smoke
 smoke weed 
 free smoke got me like 
 do u dip ur weed in ranch
 where theres smoke...theres fire 
 top songs on drakes album of more life are free smoke  no long talk  gyalchester  portland  sacrifices  and kmt
 just wanna drown in that liquor amp that smoke
 free smoke  free smoke ay
 should cannabis be legalized
 my aunt knows im high and shes dry snitching to my mom when shes the one that provided me the weed 
 smoking big weed together. 
 so blessed to have people who leave me when i cant do anything for them anymore. blessed because i dont have to weed out the fakes myself
 i got alcohol. someone gimme somewhere to drink it. i got weed. someone gimme somewhere to smoke it.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 oyster drops  cornmeal blinis  creme fraiche. caviar smoked salmon roulettes  chevre. chilled 
 aint that the fuckin retard that said weed is only slightly worse than heroin 
 riding the sky train and such a beautiful sunset to stare at  on my way down to smoked out battles
 one of my nice followers should smoke me out
 my back hurts cant wait to go home smoke and relaxxxxx 
 that free smoke track is a slapper though
 i can honestly say  weed have gave me the best abilities.. like naw fr
 still looking for a intro harder than this free smoke  i seriously dont believe there is one out yet
 niggas needa pull up amp smoke
 free smoke nice
 niggas really be getting smoked out here woe
 @smashlymae high on legal marijuana 
 they be forever going outside to smoke cigs
 i aint smoke today i think my head gonna explode
 the weed is trash round here . .
 drake  free smoke 
 free smoke free smoke free smoke 
 lets smoke
 i put the weed in the coffin
 a choker is like a smoker you can always poke her 
 free smokeee
 boi im finna smoke a fat ass bowl
 lol im just tryna go smoke some with the girls amp i get cut off bc savon wanna play on twitter 
 dont worry about the non handshake  people. its all smoke and mirrors. just another distraction.
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 on the plus side to marijuana becoming criminalized it sure as hell called for a great johnny depp movie and a hell of a life story
 take me on a date idgaf if its to taco bell  shit ill even pay just put sum effort in.damn im tired of lets smoke and chill
 sum people like to smoke woods others jays 
 @ty1822 wtf does weed get in the conversation are you drunk
 so happy i havent smoked a cig in 2 years
 damn yall sayin this shit trash first listen this free smoke joint go hard tho lol
 i cant look at him. @karissakey facetiming obi  mid sob  after two weeds. proceedstoeatdonuts
 that ball was smoked 
 im a hell of a smoker  and a bit of a drinker
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 psa when you in the whip and free smoke come on dont talk  @drake   praying on this joint
 yall ever peeped on friday smokey was like the first victim of a catfish 
 thanks @chefnatebochler for the idea. drying out sugar cane shavings to smoke short rib with. 
 good weed  bad bitch  got these hoes on my dick  just like brad pitt  i seent it all before  the bitch got a man  but she schemin on da low
 i dont smoke through my problems i eat through them 
 20 damn near 30 minutes to the weed man ....  
 at first i thought this was someones grinder with weed. 
 free smoke amp do not disturb best tracks on more life
 no smoke  no drink for a whole year... 21618 
 watching the office  waiting for delivery to get here with the weed so i can continue listening to this drake album. morelife
 ion wanna hit your weed and ion wanna be your homie 
 can smoke too. especially if we arent working a shift together amp you went amp snitched on me amp a coworker then tried to come back amp say you
 never been this dry on the smoke and the cash shit dont feel right
 all these niggas holla free smoke free smoke when they want post up. 
 if you gotta start stealing weed from under ppl knows you need help cause thats some broke junkie shit
 im so irritated i just wanna smoke and go to sleep.
 free smoke free smoke   
 free smoke 
 i just need someone to smoke some bud with and listen to this new morlife
 my lyft driver just smoked me up amp hes now my best fiend
 wow i smoke so much weed i smoke at least one cloudy bong rip every day lmao im such a stoner  
 who wants to smoke a blunt 
 free smoke free smoke
 happy st sassys day belated @ smokey ds bbq 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke
 i didnt realize how legal weed was in cali until i got here. you literally smell weed everywhere.... i love it.
 @teddyjr it wasnt meant to be smoked
 i stepped outside and was overwhelmed with the smell of weed im high now
 very good. full and ripe. good vanilla  nice smoke  and just damn tasty... bolshevik bastard 
 its time to smoke again
 im shocked post malone hasnt made a song about how much he smokes cigs
 someone just told me evan looks like smokepurpp lmao
 i just smoked a whole black
 i want some weed 
 cant fuck w it if all she wanna do is smoke and drink
 i mess with free smoke
 you the councilor of the city. you came free smoke. 
 me so are you gonna smoke with  dj hell naw all the dicks thatve been in that mouth... 
 free smoke so fire my god
 i hate when people smoke cigarettes at parties 
 i like how jamie talks about weed and i dont even smoke .
 free smoke
 all these people want to smoke me out. i find it so funny.
 lmao the plug was hitting me up to smoke like 247 but blocked me when he got back w his girl like dude youre just my plug chill
 the day i spend time with @rexxliferaj  is the day im truly bless. moxie java  focus pills amp marijuana got me to the gateway  whats next
 people who constantly party  drink  and smoke every day ltltlt  your life is looking great. 
 shower smoke sleep 
 i need weed who gots some that i can buy 
 havent smoked in 4 days and im fidgety as fuck  lordt help
 free smoke
 lol talking to someone amp he doesnt like that i smoke and said idk guess we will talk more about it tomorrow maybe fuck offfffff. boy bye
 @wilsondavidc you trynna smoke c day boy 
 i used to love working security  my reliever would come when my shift was over amp wed smoke before he called to clock in.
 niggas be fuckin bums bruh. how you at the 711 begging for change for a roll up to smoke but got pack tf
 who tryna come smoke
 who tryna get smoked out  females only
 @lothejuiceman nooooo  i didnt even smoke a lot either.  ive just been feeling the vibe anyways. thats why i fw it here
  gus dont post that   it looks like you eat crack  wtf @trerobinson455 is smoked out 
 they asked me at the er today if i had taken any illegal drugs like marijuana...its legal where i live buddy
 someone come over so we can smoke and listen to more life
 strategically lighting this weed to get high af off one bowl wish me luck
 i need someone to look at me the way i look at alcohol amp weed
 you tryna smoke
 free smoke free smoke  aye
 i been waiting to smoke all damn day and then this lady gonna fall asleep on me after i done lit al my candles 
 @georgiabeee i wanted my friends to cremate me  and planted ashes with some ganja seeds and smoke me at my memorial
 when i smoke this late at night its such a different experience. just me  my tree  my car  and my music 
 free smoke  free smoke
 let me hop out my feelings nah smoke nd this real sour nd blue dream from denver
 if drake rapped like did in free smoke  id be listening to him a lot more
 its been 2 weeks since i smoked
 @melliemacker fuck ya the one u can smoke in is the only bar in any airport imho but that one in particular is not bad
 put that in your pipe and smoke it  biatchhh
 @mikalawalker id smoke with you
 i need some smoke 
 its crazy cause everyone who smoked last night just woke up around the same time too 
 so next fiesse i woke up  and smoked out my basement bathroom  hotel style.then i aired it out the window  
 swear that free smoke the only track worth listening to on that drake album
 free smoke free smoke     surprised he came with such heat tbh morelife
 @timwillywilli kick you and bc kick around the idea of coming up to tennessee this summer for a couple of weeks. great smokey mountains
 free smoke 
 @rainisgood ive only had one cup of coffee in my whole life. and ive never smoked a cigarette. oddly  i have done a bunch of cocaine.
 im tryna smoke or drink today but i prolly should do neither
 i stopped smoking weed after spending 15 minutes searching my phone under my bed.. while using my phones flash light...
 @nbcn american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 @hill american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i got low on my weed man last night he fuck around not sell to me again 
 hiking in the smokey mountains 
 i promise thats my dude but we dont smoke that reggie bush
 cant wait to get home tonight so i can smoke an l
 i be ready to start my day hop in the shower smoke
 if you smoke cigs
 and yet once again  i had a wisdom tooth taken out during the most stressful time of the semester  leaving me unable to smoke  again
 when someone who smokes  drinks  curses  and has sex b4 marriage  says that being gay is a sin... lol ok
 no ones gonna wanna buy schwag weed lol
 smoking weed does not help cramps. woopi lied lol
 np pussy  money  weed  lil wayne
 first few notes of get throwed  whole crowd smoke sumn b 
 free smoke 
  as i smoke this gizzle
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1004 n arlington ave  dirty yard. 
 i like the part in return of the king where merry and pippin find a chicken and then smoke a ton of weed.
 free smoke 
 free smoke
 asiatic vegan cheez gritz w umami pepper. ponzu yam. hempseed pecan black mushroom patty w 
 free smoke free smoke  
 thank god yall niggas need to smoke raw cones anyways. 
 free smoke   anybody want it they can get it no joke
 got another audition over 60 days no smoke ampgym 35 days a week  religiously amp the hardest the diet..not bad 
  pretty  pretty  pretty lady yells guy on his bike to me and the smell of weed is overwhelming  not sure that i can trust his judgment .
 listen to austin skinner x hutch  xan binge prod. ynab by smokewithhutch np on soundcloud 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1509 west mosher street baltimore  
 every smoker ever omg 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 905 north gilmor street baltimore  
 incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 
 free smoke
 free smoke my favorite
 the weed is way better in cali 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 12001298 small street baltimore  
 boulderfire boulder less smoke  hoping for best 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 904 north carey street baltimore  
 @jfjoyce6 nice try ur weed sucks
 fiber make you take shits  ganja make you take dumps
 someone should smoke me up. nawfr
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 535 n calhoun st  dirty lot. 
 @va4hillary1 all we have to do is look to the horizon for smoke  because if trump attends any church  itll burst into flames.
  duke said i cant smoke 
 i smoked with oomf once and now shes a weed advocate lmao  she wasnt with it before.
 i gotta get my @genius iq up so i can make an annotation to free smoke that no one has made yet.
 tbh if i was to never smoke i wouldve been crashed out
 californias great cannabis unbanning | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 free smoke free smoke
 @potus @blakelybrenda1 please dont let sessions attack legal marijuana used for medical millions of veterans depend on it
 deer up at chataqua seemed spooked from the sunshinefire boulder air was clear of smoke up there. 
 tryna smoke before i go back to get out.
 @humbleteej lmao of course...all the rapping right...cuz free smoke gtgt
 ok so free smoke is a heater
 you aint never smoked that jet fuel i got that from uncle snoop
 @bradleyg20 you a wasteman  smoke you like a blem. real ting
 meek... we not letting him slide with free smoke at all..
 my baby drake dropped his album and i cant wait to smoke that tonight
 i just need to smoke.
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   transportation
 only dirty niggas smoke dutches.
 @markjkeppler you all fail to discuss industrial hemp. it would be a boom to the valley @kmjnow
 i dont smoke anymore im changing my life around
 free smoke free smoke
 i can swear  i can joke i say whats on my mind if i drink  if i smoke i keep up with the guys
 free smoke  free smoke
 @jgustaf1 im gonna smoke you hoe
 listen to free smoke by drake on applemusic. 
 everywhere i go i always have at least 3 lighters on me and i have sixteen at home right now. i need a smoke and i dont fucking have one
 im smoking dope i dont smoke normal
 h8 when i ask do u smoke and someone says smoke what crack... wtf do you think you moron.
 i mean  i love method man as much as the next guy but 100 method man hoodie with weed leaves on it seems pricey. 
 1. buy a protractor to find out this angle  2. finish metal fabrication drawings for the shop 3. smoke   todays agenda
 when you and katelynn are the only ones that smoke lol so were straight chillen puffin our blunts in the back seat
 kodak told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli  
 say you gonna smoke me ha bitch you not bout it
 tryna figure out whats in this weed 
 im a petite person  my mentabolism is fast asf amp i smoke hella weed so of course imma be skinny no matter how much i eat 
 first verse goes in hard asf. ima smoke all my pain away cause thats the only thing thats gonna heal it   
 @monteilbmxboi like why do most kids my age feel the need to smoke cancer. lamest habit i swear.. smh
 roll one  smoke  when u live like this your supposed to party.
 free smoke 
 lmao im just remembered the last year of extreme thing i had like a quarter of weed n i just put it in my ponytail 
 smokey goodness  drinking a smokestack black ipa by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station    photo
 lmfao wtf since when does he smoke 
 free smoke
 old white racists dont smoke marijuana there i fixed it 
 somebody banging before we get this weed in houston
 lifes short smoke a port on a port in new york calculating like a dork kill bill. tracksuit. preme shorts
 @highimsleazy good thing i dont smoke
 free smoke soooo hard
 i just had to post.. @ bears smokehouse bbq hartford 
 my dad said it smells like weed in my room and my dude it really does
 found a bag of weed lookatgod
 i cant wait to get back to cali and smoke a fat ass blunt and do my homework 
 gonna open a weed dispensarymassage parlor for the bitches
 my mom just asked me if a gram of weed is more than an ounce.... what.... then proceeded to say well ive never sold or bought drugs 
 fuck cigarettes.. but ima still smoke em tho.. 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and chill all day 
 im bout to smoke another wood 
 filled the compost bin today  not even halfway done weeding the backyard.
 why would you call the police if you found a brick of weed or coke like even if you dont do it why not sell it instead of turning it in
 good afternoon america i just woke up with a gram of molly and more weed so i think last night was a siccess
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke.
 everybody in my family smoke weed lol. my momma  dad  sister  brother  aunt  grandma  uncle got a weed farm  granddaddy lmao we be high ah.
 my bitch bad amp my weed loud
 whats up with all that russian weed all over the united states
 pop me a perk an smoke on a wood  im good .
 high steppin to free smoke for the next month
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 lets play begonia breed or weed strain 
 when ppl start weed shaming 
 lmfaoo my mom definitely took my weed
 someones smoking weed next to our hotel room amp its been stinking it up since last night tf is this
 bomb weed and hennessy
 but nah i cant smoke my blunt in there. lmao.
 i remember me and josh was trynna smoke a dutch and we aint have a lighter but we saw reese at the red light and we was riding next to
 loring stainless steel roaster from sonoma  ca uses heated air for smokeless precise roasting 
 free smoke free smooooke
 free smoke probably my fav but idk because i love each amp every single one of them
 @gercohen @janestancill @oldpolhack i cant picture what it would have looked like because of all cigarette smoke in the air.
 deck smoke to end a great day on the hill. goodtimes goodsmoke 
 @koinnews what did she wager weed and a schematic for a homeless camp
 the weed did 
 listen to smoke it out featuring ghost. prod. by cmplx by dillon yarbrough|ote np on soundcloud  
 shamet is giving kentucky free smoke 
 im tryna smoke a half today no bullshit
 very intense smoke and umami  almost like extract of smoked ham. lovely... bouchon 
 yard work for today is done. chicken on the smoker  time to relax and enjoy the nice weather. 
 i think i need a smoke break. i hate thinking.
 the only cop i fuck wit is smokey the bear.  but bet heprolly shot a couple unarmed campers and put matches and gas beside em.
 pisses me off seeing some people smoke in their car  with the windows up  and having kinds in the back seat.
 i wish i had someone to smoke w
 last day to get 33 off products at sun tan city tanning lotions  hemps  body wash  etc. come see us 
 wasabi was just getting comfortable in my room then my mom had to go and set the smoke detector off and now hes hiding 
 @bjpenndotcom need to respect your body  protect your mind and not smoke trash.  wtf
 my new slang for marijuana is jazz cabbage
 never smoke dro in your car if you dont want your car to smell strong 
 me bae  im bored  him wanna smoke   me bae  im sad him wanna smoke   
 i need like to smoke like 50 blunts right now
 can you recommend anyone for this job smokey bones bar amp fire grill  bartender   hospitality kissimmee  fl
 today i learned that weed accounts get you easy follows and likes.
 free smoke this season 
 no more weed 
 happy bday trent smoke one for me @trentobegz
 fuck about to ask the weedman if he trying go bowling   thats my inly friend
 and the great war on weed continues. 
 sheldon cooper did you take a marijuana 
 @jagolantern and i get it.i grew up in a home where  if you smoked or drank you were neigh unforgivable in the eyes 
 free smoke 
 its the ones that smokes blunts witcha  see ya picture now they wanna grab the guns and come and getcha
 people probably watch my stories and think we get it you smoke
 @jesseebarness @tjwurtz u hit juuls cause they either want to smoke weed and cant handle it  or think for some reason nicotine healthier
 i smoke rapper weed
 i am just as much against cannabis marketeers amp profiteers as i am all others. tracey g peoplebeforeprofit peoplebeforepolicy
 the smoke alarms in my house just went off 4 times 
 not tryna smoke another wood my lung might fall out
 free smoke
 free smoke
 beat me in a fight and ill smoke you out for three days how exciting. violence and free weed
 simple  quick  and delicious. chicken smoked sausage with roasted garlic and brussel sprouts 
 my grandma is wearing weed socks and didnt know...
 at this point i just wanna smoke and then go off somewhere and die 
 uzi wrote free smoke drake said yah too many times lol
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 beard needs to head to the bench and smoke a marlboro red.
 @dallassansom @shellong66 @carrimanion @rookieb @breenacres lets line em up on the hiway. my money the denali smokes your nana vans
 @krazeecurlz @carrieffisher oh sorry  wasnt suggesting you chainsmoked. not sure carrie really did  maybe more of a heavy smoker.
 bannon repeatedly says and does racist things  white media people are complicated  black kid smokes weed  wm he was no angel.
 same except replace weed with the beach  
 the only thing that helps me is weed i swear.
 when the weed man is playing himself smh in what world would i want less than an 8th 
 my mom knows i smoke weed  but gets mad that i keep getting tattoos... 
 free smoke free smoke 
 free smoke free smoke
 ltprincessleia2gt caffine is much less deadly tho ltmykbevgt not if you smoke it
 not that i sell weed  but if you can function some cant while you work and get the job done  what the hell yall testing for.
 you aint shit till you smoke a blunt full of pure thc and sit with 3 guys from at 1 am watching pulp fiction for t 
 how can i discreetly watch my hot downstairs neighbor while he smokes a cigarette
 i have all this bud and still ask ppl to smoke me out lmao
 jambalaya with smoked sausage  shrimp   fried fish   ampamp whole corn 
 what if they allowed marijuana consumption in the military 
 happy birthday girll smoke lots of blunts 
 also holy smokes this game champszn
 skn decriminalising or legalising marijuana is the single most effective way of creating prosperity for its citizens.   fact
 out to dinner and my son keeps screaming he wants moana but he is pronouncing it marijuana so life is great
 like  im trying to wake up in my smart home  feed my dog  smoke a blunt laced with cocaine  and fly out of pdk to los angeles dawg
 thought i was trippin off the weed 
 someone hit me up and lets smoke or something tonight 
 chillen here at the marijuanaediblesesh smoking caviar caviargold staygold @ torrance  
 somebody come over and smoke.
 some asshole on my floor keeps smoking weed so much it wafts into my whole apartment. building mgmt wont do shit  amp police have no effect.
 john halgren on colorado a strange cannabis universe
 li fuck nigga u dont want no smoke u dont want no vance
 took me like two years to bounce back from that shit  weed is all i need
 need to smoke.
 5 ways cannabis could be helping alzheimers patients | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 @hockeygods because the linesmen smoke crack before games
 its a must to smoke one of my joints
 have you ever been to tx sxsw where we can smoke a zip like we cant get arresteddddddddddddd
 this research paper is forcing me to smoke rock tar out the glass pipe
 free smoke  drake
 fire at 165 queen st s in hamont   was caused from smoke on the 12th floor. no one injured.   most likely cigarette blown down.
 free smoke  free smoke 
 face mask  lil smoke  cup of tea  its all calling my name
 @curejoy my inhalers and caffeine werent helping as bronchodilators. i began dosing cannabis edibles to breathe. 10mg100lbs of body weight
 the refs smoked a brunt at halftime 
 in 20 years  were gonna look back at restrictive marijuana laws the same way we do with prohibition
 @markbaden its a boomer and melting some snow  but definitely more smoke than fire.
 duke fans about to take smoke a whole box of newports lmao
 i watched alex english vs nebraska is the old coliseum. smoke filled and all n
 free smoke. 
 its a smoke  redbox and chill with my boy kinda night. and by my boy  i mean my dog.
 free smoke free smoke
 i havent smoked weed in like 2 years. but all my clothes smell like it 
 listen to smoke it out featuring ghost. prod. by cmplx by dillon yarbrough|ote np on soundcloud 
 if i can play video gameswatch sportssmoke weedeat food with you for hours on end  youre definitely my type of person
 i want my weed smelling like folgers coffee
 free smoke  free smoke aye
 after i hit the weed a lot of shit dnt matter no mo
 cannabis infused cuisine i love cooking with cannabis my shrimp zucchini mushroom cannabis 
 just cause i dont drink or smoke doesnt mean for someone younger to say  u dont even act ur age  bitch   stfu amp drink ur baby bottle
 i need a better weed plug in atl cause mfs aint tryna make no money man.
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forgetchu  
 someone should join me at smokey row tomorrow at noon 
 im sick and selma like weed
 if i die stoned  and choking on spoons of peanut butter please dont tell anyone i was high because anti weed people will make me a martyr
 i havent smoked allllllllll day folk 
 college is great you can just walk down the hall for aderall or weed
 @doversoul @paulprovenza @greenroomwithpp @netflix maybe bring in @dougbenson and make it about weed and comedy. 
 i smoke the strongest gas you can buy
 should i smoke a blunt
 i have never met a vegan who doesnt smoke weed
 clucka i got people say i smoke to much drugs too because i love too thats why its fuck you   me  str8 up to th 
 i evol weed
 pain patients look for cannabis thats got a cbd  higher than thc . we want pain relief so we can go back to work 
 if you smoke cigs block me
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 damn got this blunt and no one to smoke with oh well lonesome i guess lol this and some good music what pandora radio any suggestions z
 its turnt up over here marijuanaediblesesh  my performance was lit  sunday turntup 
 @itsvonte true lol im not trying to smoke tonight though
 i need to smoke rn
 really on day 3 of no weed. wow
 whos trynna smoke
 skunk family lives around my house and it smells like it just smoked some old purple haze. not sure if i should be 
 im 23 years old my moms known that i smoke weed for damn near a decade now. never changed shit
 im high af on this weed watching this shrooms episode laughing my ass off  loveseason2  ep4
 @sheriffleebaca smoked sausage and eggs or indio
 sky lanterns  weed  and love. 
 me walking into my apartment complex after hiding the weed i just smoked so the nigga next door dont ask for some 
 its brick as fuck outchea but i  got to smoke this jay
 i havent had sex in a week but i promise you guys  i am still cool. i even smoked pot twice this weekend still cool dont worry
 riches and marijuana usaa iot @ beacon park 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 3am ....rollin up weed.
 trying hard to stay in my bed and fight the urge to go smoke 
 tfw you run out of weed 
 let me go my ass home n smoke high grade 
 my neighbors have wind chimes and hearing them chime slowly while i smoke a cig has me feeling like im in a horror movie shooketh
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i make a stem poke hole at the end so ion smoke gar.
 coffee is a wonder drug. like weed. 
 free smoke free smoke
 stupid ass bitches attracted to me and i just entertain they stupid ass. retarded ass hoe got me up for nothing with no weed
 dont want no friends  want some weed  want some killers
 hop out and im reekin of weed
 we get it. you smoke weed. but do you need to put it on snapchat e v e r y goddamn day. 
 ive never smoked weed  got drunk  snuck out or skipped school. copy and paste this as your status whoever likes it thinks youre lying
 im in need of weed in my system 
 @mudhike setting up a smoke signal
 im sick of libertarians. theyre nothing more than conservatives who want to smoke weed.
 @sethrogen wait  wait  wait...you smoke marijuana
 free smoke free smoke aye
 who wanna smoke that gas this morning 
 free smoke 
 lol update the guy next to me just pulled out his weed and is currently rolling a joint.
 i like smoking weed  i like getting fly. i like having sex  i like girls who ride
 @ajthehater i know right. someone kicked a car and someone else smoked marijuana. its like penn state and baylor all in one.
 first really good law trump had passed.making drug test mandatory if youre on employment. you shouldnt get free money and spend it on weed
 she dont smoke weed but she blow dick 
 i still cant get over how my uber handed me a stoge amp said i could smoke it inside.... lmao
 like i dont see why you would want to smoke cigarettes.
 if she loves weed  butt stuff and has slightly lesbian tendencies. 
 head  smoke blunt and breakfast all in that order
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 @katyturnbc where there smoke... 
 i smoke with my mom  
 drake is sounding more and more like the weeknd. more free smoke and less teenage fever morelife
 can you recommend anyone for this job team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 .@tgowdysc has smoke coming out of his nose because americans now know that mike flynn colluded w russia to elect trump 
 ilovemakonnen cause all these niggas wanna smoke my bud  me smoke my buuuuuuuuuuuuuud 
 outta weed... tryna give this edible more time to kick in before i fuck around eat the whole thing in one setting and be too high
 when the free smoke beat drops in the whip 
 gotta stop at the bank this morning  really wish i had direct deposit..... but noooooo i work in the weed industry
 free smoke  free smoke
 hey @phxfire so when do you tell your residents its time to change the battery in their smoke detectors  
 grandma needs to calm down with the asking favors everyday  like i barely have time to smoke and eat a hot pocket let alone go to walmart.
 @aclu so if i smoke pot because its med  will i lose assistance
 my bday is 420. i will accept weed as a gift  thanks
 @annaibrahi @joyouswarrior @melishous @mjccfa @davidfrum he wants to investigate the smoke detector rather than put out the raging fire.
 smh same bond as me for being caught with weed.... and i bet you bruh ass will do less time too 
 drakes mom and free smoke are the best parts of morelife
 somebody left weed in the dryer and now my clothes smell like it
 i cant get passed free smoke 
 this. nigga said he smoke that racetrack gas 
 i love the intro to free smoke 
 i need to get hemp wick asap
 bring me some weed bitchesxn
 you lucky you are my best friend... @ivanmijo oh.. and im still waiting.. and dont tell me free smoke... foh  
 @vibethriller yeah like making me buy all that weed. that was a real dickmove.
 hand fulla ass and a fist fulla weed
 yeah. mouthwash like crazy the next 2 days amp dont smoke 
 i deserve this backwood im finna smoke
 its pretty trippy seeing wildfire smoke at work
 waiting on my weed maybe itll put me to sleep
 ion even smoke bro
 i just had a smoke session in the back of a bentley
 thought for the day.. where we only weeds  god sees a beautiful garden. happy first day of springand  keepsmiling 
 @breadmasterlee at least perhaps some games being m rated might weed out the poor poor penniless mightywhiny teens amp tweens...
 i be breakin down pounds off weed  ima trap queen 
 free smoke free smoke
 free smoke free smoke ayyyyy free smoke free smoke ayyyy 
 your mcm smokes cigarette butts outta public ashtrays.
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation beckley  wv job
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 904 north carey street baltimore  send messag 
 i might be the only person i know thatll go from listening to red hot chili peppers to smoke camp chino in one playlist
 oh shit this car almost flipped in front of me im just tryna smoke in my backyard
 free smoke
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1509 west mosher street baltimore  send messa 
 try the blue cheese slaw @ lockhart smokehouse in dallas  tx w @arkstfan 
 i see da vision bro  selling reposts on my soundcloud for 10almost at 1 million plays on my one song  lets link and smoke some gas 
 @smoss  go smoke a blunt and go to hell
 @donlemon @cnntonight  it was just a smoke screen to get the american people off russia   flynn  sessions  and the list goes on....
 @inawordortwo ive even smoked guidos mental patient weed and its just not my thing i dont know.
 got like 3 more episodes of weeds iguess ill finish that hoe today
 i thought drizzy was bout to take us to church when i heard free smoke start the first time
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 20042008 west pratt street baltimore 
 a rabbi  a priest and an atheist smoke weed together  via @alaskanhashqueen
 every chapstick i own smells like weed. getyourshittogethersara
 who the fuck wants to smoke rn
 im still geeking i wanna kno who told the babe i smoke big gas 
 i rather b ya n i g g a .. so we could smoke weed n sip lean all day
 senate ag committee walking through budget bill this afternoon  adding  for   hemp  palmer amaranth   conflict  minority farmers
 whenever we were weeded and someone ordered one and the grenadine was across the restaurant @litalkuchuk 
 this bill seeks to enable indoor use of marijuana  concludes ours of the american cancer society. says secondhand pot smoke is dangerous
 @sesaunders101 there is no good evidence  to my knowledge  cannabis has benefits for most medical conditions.
 me i smoke too much weed  i cant get high homie yes  you can m no wait  why dont you believe me h well 1s 
 ...pungent gochujangmarinated pork  smoked over oakamphickory wood amp served as a sandwich crowned w kimchi coleslaw 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 30613099 fait ave 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 111 n montford ave  send message. 
 you dont have to express every emotion .. just smoke some shit off and charge it to game .
 i need a fat sack of money amp a fatter sack of weed to fall in my lap anytime now
 honestly drake only went fool on 2 songs... free smoke amp cant have everything
 @wavyxxbaby she threatens to take away my dads kids if he divorces her. shes trying to use the fact that i smoke weed amp that he knows.
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1209 w cross st  overflowing garba 
 hate weed with a passion .
 entrepreneurs want homegrown growers for ohio medical marijuana 
 @brandonrittiman @nexton9news @senbennetco of course the only reason he lives here is access to good weed..dude sounds stoned all the time
 lmao im str8 on the moonrock tip  ion even smoke nomo 
  i dont smoke i just did that to see her reaction  
 t minus 5 days and boy do we have some killer food options smokendreams will be offering 
 21 sound like he shoulda been on free smoke
 drakes free smoke beat omg 
 wait wouldnt washington  colorado  dc amp whatever other state plus anyone with medical marijuana rx be exempt from 
 i smoked sooo much this weekend but my tolerance is building lol
 its the firstdayofspring and its time to plant seeds  mow the weeds and stretch your winter 
 im not even a smoker but every time i do bra my mind be so relaxed... im fenna start making it a habit because my mind gone drive me crazy
 free smoke free smoke
 hickory smoked thick cut pork loin omnivore heavyonthecarnivore springtime...yeahright 
 @justj21x20 weed is not becoming mainstream me 
 bruhhhhh... imagine  you cant get a job because youve been smoking weed. benefits are supposed to be temporary. m 
 incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue 
 ive smoked every day for the past 8 days.i can already sense the effects on me
 free smoke free smokeeeee
 happy my saturday...  drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ joes place popcorn machine    photo
 let me go smoke before love and hip hop come on
 smoke weed everyday
 clocked outta work all cute n shit realizing i had weed in my open purse the whole shift. lmao
 im watching videos of people smoking weed on the bus right now and the old guy next to me cant see to keep his eyes off my phone hmmm
 lol i just like to smoke gas  
 im at jakes smokehouse barbque in virginia beach  va w @dstraight1 
 this is a whole nother weed  @alexisstevens14  
 who wanna smoke
 all we do is smoke and fuck
 @modsun dude come smoke and make art with us when your in pittsburgh. love to have you over lol 
 buyin weed in kc is like swimming in a lake without water touching you
 lets smoke pot  student athlete 
 free smoke bumps  
 when the weeds so heavy you forget theres 2 dime piece baddies next to you  
 if she smokes  she pokes.   unlikelymotherlyadvice
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 petchat dont forget to test ur smokecarbon monoxide detectors. a deadly  silent poison without much warning 
 check out my duby. duby app is the fastest growing cannabis community online.follow me @highdesertandy  on 
 you know what bugs the fuck out of me me being a serverworking with younger servers  knowing all they work for is money for weed
 remember when weed used to make everything funny yeah me neither
 lmao all i wanna do is smoke  play fifa  race cars  or go exploring  if you arent with it then im not the right man for the job
 baby let me smoke away my sins
 ki mask lifes short smoke a port on a port me on a port 
 free smoke free smoke ay
 if you dont like someone because they smoke weed  you should probably smoke some weed and stop being judgmental 
 gonna smoke dis weed and go get queso flamiado somewhere. fuck you monday
 free smoke  free smokeeee 
 @tuckercarlson putting another one in the smoker..
 free smoke 
 if you are on the weed drug and are addicted there is one cure let jesus into your heart. that guy hates the weed drug amp will punch you
  the intro of free smoke.
 @elenes what a smokers club lol
 im 2.5 hours away from smoking weed for the first time in a week
 i have a smoke date with my boo tomorrow and i cant wait 
 will will kins today is their birth dayim going to go dig around for another cigarette butt  put that in my pipe  and smoke it @walmart
 my friends were so over me yesterday. they know i dont smoke amp they got the best of me. im physically and mentally tired. like.
 whoever created @littlecaesars smokehouse pizza should be reassigned a new job.  brisket and pulled pork on a pizza disgusting. yuck
 omar comes thru  i roll 4 more joints.. he goes i might smoke 1 or 2 3 joints later i try passin it n he takes it
 i need to smoke
 niggas be so tight when it comes to paying for tooka but my nigga you asked to smoke with me  why am i putting in
 free smoke  free smoke
 at a certain age yes. i think it would be awkward to smoke with your parents at a young age 
 free smoke free smoke 
 if u smoke  cigarettes your disqualified
 meanwhile in colorado cannabis family surge ahead 
 maybe if i smoke ill be able to study 
 lol yo my mom pissed me off so bad i need to smoke so i can let it go. but i deadass dont understand why she lacks common sense so much
 what happens to meat inside a smoker altonbrownlive 
 them all you do is sit around and smoke weed all day you aint really getting no money  me well..... weed aint 
 roe is so lifeless amp goes straight to sleep every time he smokes . i hate that shit
 the first day of spring is about planting new seeds and pulling weeds you must learn how to 
 i think everybody should smoke weed at a respectable age 
 especially if a female smoke man or drink 
 nice papaya is interesting  but not too crazy.  drinking a smoke filled room @ survival research labs   photo
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 5mins into smokeampchill and i give you this look @ east cleveland  ohio 
 @prpltnkr @busycityfilly well theres a small town weed ca which ive stopped in before.   plus being me being a native californian lol
 been smoke free for 10 days going on 11  
 he may smoke but at least he wears a helmet.
 hahahaha bitch u smoke meth
 imma be sad as fuck if my soulmate doesnt smoke weed
 aint got nobody smoke one and pour wit me
 @hillsfirerescue responded to a party bus fire at this business. smoke damage to building and damage to bus. more o 
 i just need one pretty ass bitch to be my friend and loves to smoke weeed as much as i do and spend time with me
 b sun n planes as stars b lights of rings as smoke enhanced by lenses glare back n slender in that moment of sheer bliss
 my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction
 hate non smokers with a passion
 free smoke free smoke 
 free smoke free smoke
 russia compiled flammables  paid amp enticed  pyromaniacs to set us on fire  americans gagging on smoke amp gop want 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 all i wanna do is smoke and love on my baby
 @usweekly theres some weed in the bathroom
 free smoke 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation sellersburg  in
 free smoke free smoke
 when does the smoke turn into a forest fire 
 see our latest fonddulac  wi job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 bouta send some smoke on 8ball
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4100 frederick avenue baltimore  send message.
 free smoke is summer sixteen in super saiyan mode.
 free smoke free smoke
 @cannabiscorner @azds ssris r helpful 4 some amp no damaging sfx. do have sfx bt so does cannabis. no need 2 debate  science.
 nun but good vibes amp good weed
 its so nice out we decided open the patio and smoke a brisket. lunch  anyone patioseason is here. aircraftbeer 
 everything i smoked since denver til been some fire philly u take chances
 frfr i want to fight or shoot it out one it dont matter to me  who want smoke
 @drake x free smoke  np 
 day 2 of ancillary meetings before ncoth looking forward to all there is to learn about tobacco and smokefree hous 
 you know it has been a busy morning when a puff smoke comes out of your computer monitor    productive
 probably from the weed that went in my system over the years 
 the restaurant industry do cocaine like its weed
 this girl in here talking about she about to transfer to seattle to grow weed lol im looking at her like..... girl
 hey pot smokers who smoke in front of entrancesenclosed public spaces i give zero fucks about you smoking but dont fucking smoke there.
 see our latest pittsburgh  pa job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 bitch mi casa es su casa  i love getting money  finna smoke this ganja.
 @spectrorect @doctorsoop do aderall and smoke cigarettes with me
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1130 west lafayette avenue baltimore 
 ann drew potter they grow like weeds in the evocative garden the annual nceca invitational 
 we need to focus on things like immigration reform  obamacare amp tax reform. the rest  incl. wiretapping is smoke amp mirrors @realdonaldtrump
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment  
 been a week since i smoked im doing good
 someone swoop and lets smoke a dutchhh
 @chelseahandler smoke a bowl with ya boy
  maybe some weed then  
 free smoke  free smoke  @ mercy houston 
 kids these days really stepping their game up. seven... seven cases. and marijuana kidding aside  why is this i 
 maybe it isnt allergies. maybe its the pack of unfiltered clove cigarettes you smoke every day
 my auntie be so heated she swear i smoke to much 
 that nigga claws look dangerous af ion want noo smoke 
 yup lol alcohol over weed anyday lol 
 fuck with me and get smoked or fuck with me and smoke too
 @tequ1n @matheusfaria13 fuck a bill  fuck a bitch  fuck a benz lets toast till we die roll up the weed and blow the smoke in the sky
 i wanna ask my og can i smoke in the crib so bad
 nelly if you want to go and get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benze oh why must i feel this way   me 
 today is such a beautiful day to smoke and sip on some beers tbh 
 if you thought chocolate was bad for your pup  weed is even worse 
 earlier @viajecigarco friendsandfamily merci.  fine smoke indeed  nowsmoking 
 finally smoked some khalifa kush last night 
 hell yea all we need is some ciroc and weed  
 my mom bought this bomb in a car stuff to get the smoke smell out of my car and theres literally so much smoke coming out of this can
 no weed | what is life.
 drake went crazy on free smoke 
 free smoke fucking bangs in the whip
 i did a smokey eye on myself  dm me for appointments beautiful ladies 
 @stephjn53 reefer all.
 @arronrod @nwsgsp holy smokes
 mom whats your new tattoo stay  me stay gold  mom is that a weed strain 
 photo mount bromo emitting smoke 
 comm gibson alcohol is not prescribed as marijuana they should not be treated the same. where is it consumed bangley at home
 me when i smoke w my friends  
 st. johns county approves medical marijuana moratorium  
 @benedictevans you evidently never smoked
 somebody tell @smokedoutluger he dont want no smoke loudpack loudpack2g cookinup cookup 
 @9cards ok. theres exceptions for my kid  women  shoes and weed.. but like everything else
 you females crazy asf blood   smokin weed while pregnant   what the hell wrong with yall ass
 this weed i just got is amazing bruh like fa real sapphiresour shouts to ya grower 
 its easier to get weed than it is to get cigarettes in la thats the future man
 all day i kept smelling a faint smell of  weed everywhere i went. found out it was just a roach in my flannel pocket. go kayla.
 a fat backwood  is a stoners backwood smoke right  
 free smoke
 gay weed culture
 who wants to come over and smoke a ton of weed with me once im off work
 wininghourchat this @efeste 2008 ceidleigh syrah is teeth staining with notes of espresso  plums  smoked briske 
 if you cant feel the difference between two different kinds of weed  then youve probably been smoking some dirt a 
 this that temperature i just wanna smoke and ride out to the beach wit shawty.
 i dont see how females just let niggas ride around in they car and smoke all damn day
 lordy here go hinesville and this bs weed
 getting our smoke on for our @graybar counter day tomorrow featuring kleintools  see you there 
 the latest on the reason for black smoke coming from old chicago earlier this evening. 
 vapes yezzir stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 backwood overload  dont like to smoke them swishers
 hey guys my new eyeshadow pallette came today should i do a dark warm color smokey eye or a light pink shimmer smok 
 @shaneadams @genewillis a2. smoked sausage and mac amp cheese. but it needs to be legit smoked polish sausage. g5qs
 weed raids kill more people than weed does.   protect amp serve doesnt mean shit.
 where does this weed grow do they put food coloring in the water or something  
 @ohthatsdeja nothing works for me either and thats why im always crying... weed make ya pain go away i heard
 my first time high i dropped the weed and felt bad  so i ate it
 i dont smoke weed now but id change for this  
 swear with all the blunts i smoke  my roaches alone be 2 to3 good ass roachie blunts
 ive never been much of a smoker  but the gallaghers make smoking look really cool.
 i wasnt gonna smoke today but @sheslulu posted a new video... i gotta get lit with my homie tf
 holy smokes gotta love good handoffs 
 nigga not a weed hoe food hoe off road parts hoe hiking hoe study hoe gym hoe jeep club hoe 5 colorado hoes and a p 
 lets smoke pot and sing dixie chicks in the rain
 @stephenathome does anyone here dabble in the marijuana
 i guess ill just smoke by myself 
    the end of the high times with  the legalized  marijuana  the nets  and darkness of weed  are von the end of days
 now that i cant smoke.. its annoying seeing other people smoke their lives away. like do something with ur life
 drank and ill hit da smoke 
 the mtg is adjourned.  next mtg is next tues. marijuana ordinance will be on agenda.
 to smoke a blunt or pass out 
 the weed be talking to me i stg
 nights like this i wish i smoked
 damn i need to smoke bad rn
 @rschooley 1 death from fire is smoke inhalation
 all i need is bru n weed bru n weed...
 beating smoke ass in 8 ball 
 im so tryna smoke with these long ass nails 
 all i ever needed was money and weed 
 why dont the weedman deliver  lol like is that a thing
 @mikaelamonet me when mikaela smokes 
 chain smoker 
 bitch i didnt need you to get high. we both just happened to smoke everyday and i was with you everyday because i 
 this dude got more weed than i do wtf  
 i need to smoke a lil bowl or something
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 same ppl who say dont smoke be taking shots of everclear 
 i need to find me some pussy that taste as sweet as the weed i smoke 
 smoking is not chilling idc what no one says. if someone hits me up to smoke im not gonna be like he tried to chill  no
 @deirdreann0531  weed smoking  .
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 when you need weed after work but you get off at 5am and everybody sleep
 @woodyharrelson my dude cutting out the weed is ok. you get time to retain new skills. if i was wealthy id do it to. one love
 where theres smoke... 
 i smoke  i pop  im suppose to stop but im not 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 gas get smoked hoes get fucked pour a 4 in my cup
 whats cooler than weed 
 so much smoke well die from asphyxiation before we find the fire....  
 man im hungry....but i wanna smoke first
 15 fucking dollars to sit here all damn day imma smoke that shit 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 4114 audrey ave  yard full of bulk 
 oh the other hand  i know quite a few rich minded individuals and wealthy lifers that smoke weed. ogmaster legalizeit
 a lesson in carolina cooking at monarch elementary. smoked whole hog barbecue sandwiches and low country boil 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation bucyrus  oh job
 95 of long term smokers start before age 21 tobacco21 2017nctoh
 kids should smoke though 
 ten bum niggas inna trap house  smoking weed with no job        an laying on they bitch couchtfff
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation conway  sc job
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 888 washington blvd  send message. 
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation covington  tn
 i just wanna smoke a j
 i dont wanna smoke by myself 
 generally when theres a lot of smoke... theres just a whole lot more smoke.  george foreman
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 who trynna smoke 1x
 and you smoke what your brain 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 851 reinhart st  send message. 
 healthy young child goes to doctor  gets prescription for weed  doesnt feel good and changes  dies. many such cases chelsea clinton
 gonna be in houston smoking the finest weed drinking strawberry lemonade and just living
 cue smokey amp the bandit meme. substitute ficus trees for coors beer. 
 @tyxbuttflap @zackelmer go smoke weed with your brother  officer tasch
 idk how yall can spend all your money on weed.
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation fonddulac  wi
 we smoke 93
 @thedopeisrealll whats up and thank you for representin for cannabis families everywhere
 see our latest elizabethtown  ky job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 @kurteichenwald i hope youre correct and its not just another republican smokescreen.
 i hate seeing people buyin shitty ass weed man 
 pros to delivering in seattle you get to smell dank weed everywhere
 last night i smoked a l today the get back
 so im gonna weed today. it feels fly nice outside
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 801999 north parrish street baltimore  
 new water pipes now available @hilifesmokeshop @ hilife smoke amp vapor shop 
 the only man u will ever see me chasing is the weedman..the rest of u mfers can just fuck off iagtfnbs
 if you wanna smoke just dm me
 room set up for paiva weed to make announcement about her future as senate president 
 see our latest circleville  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 being tall is great   until you smoke your head on a shower rod
 nunes is such a little @realdonaldtrump toadie casting shade more smoke and mirrors intel intelligence nothing criminal  @devinnunes
 when we smoke...... we gotta use them incense babeeee
 my smoke was blowing back in the general vicinity of my baby carrots so now they taste like marlboro reds mmm delicious
 free smoke free smoke
 just because i have my medical card dont mean im buying you weed
 smoke  eat  smoke.  in that order. 
 bitch i will inject heroin and smoke meth for 10 million tf 
 make sure your story is right if you get pulled over. like let me know if you tell the cop theres weed so im not lying to his face 
 @alexismcguffin yes so i can leave everyday to smoke a blunt
 sorry mama imma smoker and a drinker
 tonights specials smoked salmon fish dippickled veggienights swim ale mustardchargrilled 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station 
 .223 take a tree down  we smoke a tree down
 niggas talk more than bitches these days  who can get the pussy quicker these days. still straight with the weed and the liquor these days
 the sunlight makes the sea smoke glow at spring point ledge light. it was about 20 degrees out 
 my neighbor is literally a rich 60 year old lady who smokes weed all day and tries to fuck my electrician.
 she say all you kno how to do is sell weed piss me off
 lol my parents would rather me smoke inside my house than outside in my car  not complaining though
 want to experience weed a different way old school  marmas @172ndstcannabis amp @221inc 
 this the last time i smoke i spent a minute looking for the wrong car
 meanwhile @carypigman is trying to take away my mmj rights to smoke in any form i want. he can kiss my ass whole i light this fat joint
 @tytlive i swear the @tytlizard just looked into camera and spoke to me that or this is some goodass weed tytlive at 420
 free smoke free smoke
 ion smoke 
 i see why smoke and dijah close 
 if weed is a sin  im gonna have to repent a lot to get to heaven.
 death before dishonor vol. 1 by smokey mane album  memphis rap reviews  ratings  song list  rate your music 
 not used to smoking in bars  but its a bar  ya so ok.  this woman next to me has smokes that smell like 1965 las vegas.
 i just wanna smoke n go to bed
 when your stressin  nothing treats you better like smokin weed in a hot tub watching netflix
 legalized recreational weed in illinois our 420 dreams may have come true on 322. 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 the new light rail bridge in contrast to the old highland mills smokestack. uptown looks like a 
 smoke hella weed and stay to myself.
 i hate seeing bum ass niggas on my snap man sitting around all day smoking weed  that shit cool but get you a hustle go make more of ya self
 nothing screams im a douche like blowing black smoke out of your ridiculously jacked up truck 
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway eb from before exit 41 i90  waterloo rte 414 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 @010the taking five for smoke
 the weed mans in cypress never want to answer their stupid ass phones. 
 this will change your life. smoked mozzarella ravioli.  pasta 
 about to smoke my roommate lmao 
 i reup just for josh since he can finally smoke w me
 was off the weed sum heavy today 
 i need a god damn weed plug now
 i wanna go smoke at the jettys
 @dylanfraley no dude like i saw someone do it to a weed theyd tweeted that same day. like go fuck yourself
 i need a friend who wants to smoke and cuddle and listen to daughter with me lol
 yeoooo i went super fucking hard every 420 and this one .. i dead dont even think im gonna smoke when the time comes 
 come smoke a bowl with me and we can wat h the woodstock documentary
 you are secondhand smoke. you are so fragile and thin  standing trial for your sins. holding on to yourself that best that you can.
 @lukebryanonline whenyku can on stage at scraton she cryed and got burnt by a smoke when you came out from bethel again cryed you and jason
 when i smoke indica i literally puddle amp dont move for hours hahaha
 @chancetherapper should throw chain smoker back into his setlist this time around
 i need to smoke 
 i feel like id rather have my kid smoke wit me if they decide to smoke rather wit somebody else. 
 katina dont want this smoke
 free smoke  free smoke
 btw  i smoked a pack of american spirits last night  amp tried to run today...yeah...uh...not sure how anyone enjoys smoking
 my aesthetic is literally just saying the word fuck and wishing i was cool enough to smoke cigarettes.
 @sjkuntz21 can i ask you for weed advice 
 i need more friends that are down to smoke with me thooo
 yoo its raining lets smoke a joint
 my roommate and alex are having a deep ass conversation about weed wtf
 i wanna smoke
 actually multiple people have died from smoking weed but thats because the government poisoned them  
 me to weed after i randomly wake up at 4am confused af you got me again heh 
 my roommate for meps had the worst snore ive heard to date. dude sounded like gargling water mixed with a weed whacker all at once...
 @thekidmero not half ni just saying smoke wish weed n shut up chill b
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i wish i still smoked.
 see our latest greenwood  ms job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 i set off my smoke alarm this morning making pancakes. maybe this is god telling me i shouldnt have skipped the gym to make pancakes
 stop asking me to vote for yall make it a weed friendly campus amp you have my vote 
 i have a flight at 420 today. this is not a weed joke.
 contact us on 6268985049 if you are in need of painkillers  anxiety pills..medical marijuana..sleeping pills  inso 
 @m3thornton @neemzy lol im just here for the comedy ion want no smoke today
 free smoke free smoke ay is what the white girls say at a party when the plug walk in.
 stock up on smoked ribs  pork  beef brisket  wings  mac amp cheese  broccoli salad and so so so much more for 
 niggas sayin they be smokin  they be actin  cause you aint yet really smoked unless you smoked one with the captain
 montreal smoked meat  this weekend at our deli  limited time once a year run on this very 
 bought baked goods from these two random ladies on campus and now i cant tell if i can actually taste weed in them or if im imagining it 
 me anyone wanna hangout  someone lets smoke  me all of a sudden not a stoner anymore
 when did blow get on the same level as weed people are doing lines of coke casually on random tuesday nights now lol
 happy nationalpuppyday smoke  
 dipping cigs in the syrup  keep dope in the mansion  while drank in the fridge amp weed in the pantry.
 @rosadelsoul lets smoke 
 he gone come thru an smoke up all yo dope
 yeah and ion even smoke  
 ion smoke reggie bitch ion even smoke nomore  
 president paiva weed nominates dominick j. ruggerio to serve as the new senate president. 
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 i only make folks look good now  please forget my past  i took a gunshot from around 7 gangsters in chicago after we smoked a kush blunt  
 i cant trust anyone that calls weed pot i cant. like hell nah as soon  as you say that im not talking about drugs with you anymore
 if you smoke with flavored cigars i cant fw ya
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2309 e oliver st  send message. 
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 the problem with going to a barbecue joint for lunch  you smell like a smokehouse the rest of the day 
 nothing gives you more peace amp releases anxiety like the scent of gun smoke 
 someone getting smoked  
 my granny oldest son is alvin junior call him uncle mane he my favorite uncle on occasion he smoke crack cocaine
 @ctfleamarkets why has the defense let him get away with just saying he was a small time weed dealer obviously  dude was a lot more...
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 see our latest warminster  pa job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 i want what he smokes. he prob vapes liquid depression
 ive now smoked all the vitolas of the pistoff kristoff. all are great but tonights churchill 
 2.4 pounds of weed  life in prison in alabama . thats twisted
 @mfjen smoke 420 blunts
 mustve been some fye ass weed 
 l.a photographers really love me i litteraly pop up to my photoshoot with baddies and weed
 @sk8rdad2000 it has bbq in middle of town order food in smoke room order by pound ribs  brisket chicken sausage... sooo good tater salad
 @repadamschiff @puestoloco smoke em if you gottem.
 this nigga smell like coco butter n weed 
 current weather in kendall smoke  74f 64 humidity  wind 19mph  pressure 1022mb
 i aint scared to drop my location nigga my smoke is free you can come get it on 
 dont smoke with 3 kids in the car with your windows rolled up dip shit
 wondering how im gonna write a 5 paged paper about marijuana 
 i shouldve never go white nails  i smoke to much 
 throwback sports apparel  yep @ st smoke shop 
 our dinner dates   deep talks   hw hangouts  spending all nighters in the library   our late night smoke sessions and  
 all these puppy posts make me wish smokey was a puppy again  nationalpuppyday throwbackthursday 
 idk how people smoke with bobby pins cause i just tried it to see how it works amp guess what  it didnt 
 when me amp jonas take the coo field trip to west seattle for a pillowcase full of weed
 we still say that when all the smoke and mirrors are removed we will clearly see john podestas name in the mix of the trump spies.
 i would smoke it if they used backwoods instead 
 @dbcopa so we can agree in both cases  trump and hillarys  that there must be plenty of smoke for fbi to investigate  yes
 why do people feel the need to post them self smoking everytime they smoke on snapchat
 about time these criminals need to weed out there slimy swamp 
 my uber driver looks like a guy i would smoke weed with in college. and he is playing herbie hancock.
 now about to go home amp smoke a blunt
 people that smoke weed are so annoying i swear 
 watch subs smoke dubs
 gotta change my @ cuz i really dont even smoke no more foreal
 i dont smoke cigs but i think i have emphysema
 damn near everybody smokes weed now 
 holy smokes what a game. 11 seed xavier with the upset
 i just smoked a backwood and im not even high 
 you smoke them out for the kisses  always askin for a shotgun.
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 my uber driver has brought up every controversial topic within 10 minutes of my ride from legalizing weed to immigration to donald trump 
 @piecrust33 ...already there but for children 18 and under.  she was fine with it as she grew up around secondhand smoke.  
 color and smoke nyc newyorkgraffiti brooklyn  
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation jonesboro  ar
 imma have to smoke somethin before i go to this viewing tomorrow.. god knows i cant go sober
 not a uk fan by any means  but i hope they smoke ucla just to shut up lavar ball
 @ihatejohnpham smoke more.
 see our latest independence  mo job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 3 possibly 4 duis is 100 times worse than a player testing positive for marijuana.
 how an italian smokes cigarettes 
 his some weed from my little brother so he wouldnt steal it and 2 months later i finally remember where i put it 
 actually weed is the way to my heart  in which the verdict still stands
 catch him lacking  smoke him kuz he talk tuff on da internet
 @ryanredbeard especially in his silhouette has him smoking. i think its a black n mild. i dont smoke  but i enjoy an occasional cigar.
 txsu have some shitty ass weed men bruh
 left my socks @ home so it looks like im wearing @kayxomariee weed socks to my dr appt 
 i just wanna smoke amp be up under my nigga this weekend
 @onpointradio @drbillschindler harvest linen  hemp  and flax for clothing.  shave with curved obsidian or a hot ember stick. be fashionalbe
 rep is crack worst than marijuana  leonhart uh. i believe all are ...stutters umm   dea leonhart is a joke.
 @jonnygarriga i think if i ate as many donuts in the last 6 years as ive smoked heaters  i would have diabetes. so no.
 we deserve a smoke break
 free smoke   free smoke 
 i love being around people who dont smoke and drink
 @ravenbachand smoke detectors are for losers
 dyed they shit to get smoked  
 tryna chase that weed high
 best part of writing a paper on marijuanna for uni 1 knowing how well i will do 2 knowing how greatrewarding the smoke will be after.
 happyfriday from your friends at @broadwaycigar what is your friday smoke of choice  
 as shes going on with everything i need to know about my procedure she ask if i smoke 
 i dont even want to smoke the rest of this shit
 help stpetepd id smashing smoker who drove stolen car amp crashed into a parked tractor trailer. he ran off barefoot 
 seeing these little ass kids smoking weed 
 testing smoke machine for iptyke final day with apologies to rink staff. 
 the best way to smoke cigs 
 wait sooooo future and ciara arent together because he didnt want to stop using codeine and weed
 blanked statemtn i didnt ask for suggestions but thank u for suggestions once again to a weed idea i thought up think of ur own up next time
 niggas smoke backwoods then wonder why they cough so hard because they not a lightweight bitch the tobacco leaf is cancer
 people should not get harrased for smoking joints on the lakefront but people do so imma go home and smoke and tinker on the mac
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 og gas bag all i smoke is pressure
 see our latest columbus  in job and click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
 the food is always going to be the best and weed is as well
 you might see this at the luau tonight thanks to professional smoke artist john lynam 
 if you cant afford to smoke dont fucking smoke 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 breezo free smoke ..... 6pm est6
 a fun lineup in crowlercorner including @scratchtownbrew blowin smoke  see menu at  lnk craftbeer
 smoking weed taken a walk. 
 ioneven smoke but im tryna get up there w lil sosa nem  god rest his soul
 you coulda left the weed outta this 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 come join us for a smoke with micallef cigars 3rd generation sanchez family is joining us. 
 free smoke free smoke.
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 got smoke for all of you
 now that the smokescreen is clear...we return you 2 your regularly scheduled program..taxreturns 
 wish weed was legal so i could smoke that at work instead of cig breaks
 contribute to this and smoke them all out. 
 if you put herbenhancer on your blunts or rollies you can keep them i dont smoke that garbage. only herb enhancer i use is hash or wax
 whats the point of severs being up front except to cover while i go smoke
 breezo  free smoke 6  
 you ever seen a bum askin for money to go buy weed  nope. just alcohol.. or a bus ride which means alcohol lol why america  why  
 yall really be want smoke with the big girls ion want that beef fam
 why dooes my jacket smell like smoke
 im turning up in the studio tonight  fuck it. lil kick back eazy session. my niggas need to come through with the weed  and vibe wit me
 tell this to jihadi justin. he won the last election by promising to legalize marijuana. 
 @edmangano what now ed did you see alien not released to ice raped a 2year old babystabbed babygirls mother in hempstead @tuckercarlson
 @jwall0419 just bc i have long hair doesnt mean i smoke weed..... haha
 lets rock it tonight  boys  drinking a zombie dust by @3floyds @ hittmanns bar amp smokehouse   
 w plenty of smoke 2 go w those mirrors amp they r wavy mirrors so what u c is not what u get. r they dumb enough 2 
 just smoked a joint for the first time in months lol thanks freejointfriday at the dispo
 veterans get a discount here at daspot  an dc the smoke is in the air 
 @bunnytaichou holy smokes i think i found it maybe is this your flower 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 @repadamschiff where there is smoke there is usually fire. smoke has been coming out of nunes ass for some time. soon his pants will be ...
 i got good weed
 hes like 3 years older than me and he smokes smokes what not the good stuff cigarettes yeah
 what a game of runs. @uwwbb smoked msu in the firstthird quarters  msu turned the tables in secondfourth. time for someone to get hot.
 its so unattractive when ppl just smoke or drink every night with no goals in life 
 sb344 new revises various provisions relating to the labeling  packaging and advertising of marijuana. bdr 40... 
 @burn6out  or smoke break
 that smoke a blunt on the balcony looking at the bridge type weather 
 severe thunderstorm warning including hempstead tx  magnolia tx  todd mission tx until 900 pm cdt 
 dont you think its fucked up that marijuana is being legalized all over the us but ranch is still a schedule one drug in all 50 states
 i wish @kingddre could smoke with me 
 being high feels soo good   but also wrong cause im not a smoker 
 free smoke free smoke
 and he doesnt smoke cigarettes oh my stars.
 ryancare is up in smoke. was that part of the plan       samnation starts now  am 790 kabc       trump maga
 lmao it actually blows that i cant smoke out the window @ my parents house
 here we go with the race thing  just watch tv they know what they r doing it. the african american swolen the weed 
 liquid marijuana time o boy @ the village pub in bradley  il 
 i need a good smoke 
 severe thunderstorm warning continues for huntington tx  milam tx  hemphill tx until 1015 pm cdt 
 i smell smoke and sorority girls
 if you live in utah we should get together and smoke a blunt
 when youre at an event.. shake a million hands and your hands now stink as if you smoke
 on a difrient note i smoke a lot of weed. just a friendly fact if u aint know.
 an old friend asked why i never smoke wit her but its kuz i heard she got herpes 
 why go out when you can sit at home and eat smoked salmon and cheese instead not a fan of the bar scene in my old age
 lets post up in my room and smoke
 why tryna smoke this blunt
 bust a nut smoke a blunt
 i got the best smoke in alief rn
 getting the smoker going  have a long smoke today. 
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 wake up  smoke a bowl and watch one punch man before the day starts
 i just wanna smoke
 when u and ur friends get drunk and make a homemade birthday card for the weed man
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight  
 big sean dont want that smoke w kendrick
 drank myself silly. smoked myself silly. woke up. everything is still the same.
 holy smokes justiceleague 
 @carypigman cannabis smoke is different from tobacco smoke.the plant cannabinoids thc and cbd  are noncarcinogenic and demonstrate...
 @jaylenclaridy1 really appreciate the light and would appreciate a follow to support cannabis families
 does anyone wanna walk my dog with me and smoke a bowl 
 me if you try smoking up my little cousin i will kill you. derek i... will smoke with him if he brings it up.  honesty is the best policy.
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation greenville  ms
 yall lame everyone smokes wax now no one wants 2 smoke dope
 is that 1 worth unfollowing when youve gotten such joy out of the rest ...i mean one weed bra can really ruin my day.
 just gonna smoke the rest of my oil and play doom and watch the office
 isss fuckin nice out who tryna chill smoke some loud u feel me
 brantley just burped maybe three minutes after hitting a grav and smoke came out 
 chinese noodles smoked sausage and boiled eggs. 
 what is with scene girls  why do they all have to smoke cigarettes
 we still like this yall hoes just call us gay or feminine now yall like abusive gangstas who sell dry weed amp 
 my yamma smoked a joint for the first time on her 70th birthday so she could cross it off her bucket list lol i love my family
 i dont think my friends are gunna come soo imma smoke my heart out 
 id rather smoke a port than eat a peep
 very nice.  slightly smokey.  drinking a peter brown tribute ale by @bearrepublic at @buffalotap    photo
 lyrics of the day there is no pain you are receding a distant ship smoke on the horizon. comfortably numbpinkfloyd
 and this weed down here smoking nigga
 great day to smoke meat and we overachieved on the high at 80.3 oh and worked in a 21 mile bike ride. 
 see our latest batesville  ms job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   hiring
 feels good not to smoke in 3 months healthylungslol
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation dover  oh job
 free smoke free smoke
 see our latest cleveland  oh job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 lets climb to the highest view and smoke bleazys all night
 jus had a seizure in the super bowl  woke up in the 3rd quarter lookin for the smoke
 oh my god dont hit me up if youre just tying to get us to smoke u up im not a fkn dispensary
 this job might be a great fit for you team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 the last generation with the right to smoke cigarettes. you need to go back to the plantation in the very deep south 
 we own a lawn mower  a charcoal grill  and a weed eater  a turntable  and a home. adulthood is 
 gramps said back in the day his friend offered him a joint and he didnt want to be a prude so he smoked it with him.
 lighthouse burger  smoked bacon  caramelized onion  roasted mushrooms  aged white cheddar  soft 
 every single male danish student we are hosting at the college smokes....i mean  if they get cancer the treatment is free at least.
 free smoke @ poughkeepsie  new york 
 jody rosenboom goes up in smoke on the start and loops it in turn two. jonathan beason  grady chandler amp danny stratton also involved.
 bye rain lets smokeout secondvine courtyard tonight  7 10pm. cinnerswelcometoo botl sotl @ 
 @jonathondcole @robertmassey3rd @indianambb we  you must have been the head pole smoker on the cheerleading staff.
 free smoke free smoke
 @skillz @laaray7 smoke some
 hey eugene i know how it is to be lonesome. so  anyone 21 if u need a friend andor wanna smoke sesh  dm me no judgment no questions. 
 i smoke a blunt after every meal. idk why its just natural to me.
 tbh the first time in the year ive known tyler were actually getting along rn. weed is a miracle man
 living and loving back on the farm means weed pulling.  forgot how sore and weak your hand can get.
 look the hot cop comes to break up the party and all you wanna do is smoke a cigarette with them 
 where da weed @
 i pick up lil mama and put some weed in her
 unk ass   but weed nasty doe.  
 @realdonaldtrump maybe you should get behind the booming cannabis industry. well give you all the credit. cannabis business marijuana
 so while i was backstage for the concert thursday i pick up weed from pnbs room and just now smoking it and boiiii is this shit great 
 smoke weed erryday
 i smoked a blunt with @snoopdogg this week....nobody can tell me shit ever lol
 every bit of evidence weve gotten so far has been smoke. this is the real deal. this is the fire. calling it here.
 all i wanna do is smoke rn 
 this song  this weather  and some good ass weed.  
 @teflondon305 new album  great smoke music
 damn did not expect orgeon to smoke kansas like that. still think the zags are taking the championship home
 i always say to myself i smoke to much but then i always still light the blunt 
 white people smoke like they eat wings 
 you niggas save money to smoke weed 
 @petchet1 @sochain012 hot felch..bb man 4 boyz smoke and more
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 were people smoking weed during the civil war
 im such a lame ass  i literally sit at home amp smoke by myself every weekend lol.
 @mic @squarechicken potus in the weeds as usual
 i really need to smoke and clear my mind 
 me  mattew theres smoke coming out of my ps4                                                 mattew restart it 
 my sugar daddy can never smoke ever again 
 why do people still smoke in 2017  
 ill dead ass go back to the casino after i smoke 
 ditched us for weed
 i really hope no one goes thru my purse because theyre gonna be like damn liberals and their weed lol.
 want smoke but that walk long
 rather be your n.i.g.g.a so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
 following montral traditions smoked meat sandwich and poutine at schwartz travel travelfoodie 
 see our latest kansascity  ks job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation
 you wanna go out tonight. maybe get some drinks. nah i got drinks and weed at the crib. and no you cant come over.
 rare sundaymorning brew today were brewing our dyngusday17 seasonal with  smoked malt were open from 125 
 @potus legalize cannabis and fix the federal govments buget before the money runs out its the smartest thing you can do
 man yall gotta put these guns  weed  and alcohol down. its no benefit in this stuff.
 tryna debate on if i wanna smoke rn  probably
 i want to smoke. who down  
 niggas say i smoke too much dope i say i dont smoke enough
 im at smoke shop bbq  @thesmokeshopbbq in cambridge  ma 
 lol i think i just rather sit in the car amp smoke 
 i still remember how the weed smelt  you were sitting up front no seatbelt
 bring me a wrap and ill smoke you out  lets write some music 
 my mr. wonderful is making me happy fresh off the smoker are two pork butts  carefully encased 
 this is not on tump. how can we expect him to know the ins amp outs of our government.  lmao. holy smokes  you gotta be some kinda stupid.
 i drove from miami to dallas. im going to smoke with sworn in  i fucking swear.
 if one of my real backwood smokers find these tap in vanilla sport  
 no place has better smoked bbq than hoodoo brown in danbury 
 my coworkers weed dealer is also a kindergarten teacher 
 blackincannabis bc backincannabis    ganjatribefarmacy    so lit at this hempcon 
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation kansascity  ks job
 i smoke weed cause life sucks
 that right there is the clubhouse you can rent. i dont think they will let me smoke it up though.
 we want all the smoke   veryincredible faunigang freeshmoke beachrainmusic @ hollywood 
 @hotrodblago30 makes weeding so much easier...thats what converted me  too many damn weeds messing up the pretty rows
 correction e4 has smoke showing from attic
 i cant stand no weak ass weed
 i aint saying alcohol should be illegal but how is it legal when weed isnt you have more control of your body o 
 i know how to create music with my need for marijuana
 all i do is sleep  smoke  and watch shameless
 i really just wanna smoke and sleep
 gas what i smoke nigga
 omg found the @jeffreestar and @mannymua733 colab @ the local smoke shop 
 achoo weed flys everywhere 
 drinking a viskiss by @bentwaterbrewco @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 free smoke free smoke.
 my dad just told me a story about a time he sold weed to chris perez and smoked with him  never have i ever been more impressed by this man
 i just need chill friends to smoke amp vibe with  none of the extra bs.
 happy airmax day supreme world famous airmax97 @ hempstead long island ny 
 @porcupineeeyore i think ours probably do tbh but ive never purchased weed.
 you put a ring on my finger we should be having the weeding asap lol
 all that bomb ass weed going to waste. tragic. 
 buying some weed
 never met a dude that can smoke as much as me lol
 its 2017 and people still smoke cigarettes. smh
 experimenting with some hemp based pla supplied by a customer. the additive manufacturing 
 lowkey i wanna smoke just not alone 
 smokeshowoftheday smoked myself again duh gump
 buttermilk biscuit  smoked salt and foie gras butte for those who like it. the biscuit comes 
 ion smoke weed but i needa tote of da reefa
 aw i feel sorry for that weed now  
 would you smoke a stale backwood for 10
 plug sent me a smoke sack  cookie gelato comesh 
 i aint smoked in like a week 
 u not inhaling properly u basically wasting the weed 
 if those poor girls who are missing were say a pound of weed or a kilo of coke. the cops prolly would have found em by now.
 this was a year ago. now theyre way too big to pay for 4 000 and a pound of weed
 jus showered finna smoke and k.o
 i cant imagine going thru the struggle of not being able to smoke cuz of probation
 somebody said it looks like i had a smoke filled day... it aint over yet playa nowsmokin 
  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018 im tired of your shit @america  
 one of my coworkers sells his best strain of weed for 200 an once... what am i still doing at taco bell
 my contract ends in 2018 look at gods work  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 son that beat on free smoke 
 @maddiedyer111 @flemingvanna @salcidorainee no she just almost died i smoked with ladouceur too  fuckkkk i hate life
 @jwendyaustin the so called seattle bb community has blown smoke up their asses since they were young. its done nothing but hurt the kids.
 oh yes  rt @beautyofweed colorado now serves cannabis infused chicken and waffles  
 i keep buying weed on accident
 when i get paid im buying so much weed
 @thumbnthrubenji i might smoke the next one wit yo bitch
 hell yeah   canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 i might move.  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 i got an eighth of weed on me and my mom is sleeping next to me on the couch
 come smoke wit me
 with i need to major in what your major is im over here crying and smoking weed and shit to get through this li 
 @joyannreid you rocked on mtp this past sunday morning...you smoked hugh h on aetna talking point thx 4 the clarity.
 open for a secret message  bring rillos to my house and i will smoke you out      
 im trynna smoke the one on the left 
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 i pass that weed like i studied
 the pmo is confirming legislation to be introduced to legalize marijuana week of april 10. aims to legalize by july 1  2018. cdnpoli
 canadians should be able to smoke marijuana legally by july 1  2018  a government source has confirmed.  
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 my mom smoked a black with me last night lmao im so dead
 now that the weather is breaking  prepare to be woken up by lawn mowers and weed wackers at 7am..
 hoarders is great to watch and all until you have flashbacks of aunt anitas christmas gifts and that smoke smell overcomes you  @kyrakuhn
 @tiffanymyi its the a.m. and this bus smells like cigarettes and weed and i am annoyed and now i have a headache
 happy birthday baby lets smoke soon @desiiiwesii 
 gonna customize my wig  eat  smoke and watch avatar the last airbender
 preregistered for @minnesotadfl @mplsdfl caucuses  great option for ppl like me  but arguably weeds out esl recent immigrant mplsmayor
 free smoke aye
 everyone wants a car. even the weed man tryna cop a car
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation hiring
 chicks that smoke gt yessss
 this job might be a great fit for you cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation englewood  tn
 i put your hoe in the lou   then i blow smoke out the vou
 @thebluntone96 if i can smoke hell yea
 wanna smoke 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 315 south norris street baltimore  violation 
 i just smoked a blunt wit ya girlfriend
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 39.29n 76.58w  excessive trash and 
 @seattletimes this is awesome. if you smoke marijuana and have 16 minutes sit back and laugh.
 were hiring click to apply cdl class a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation springfield  il
 see our latest harrisonville  mo job and click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   hiring
  @twitter @billmaher @rollingstone @mmflint jews lead marijuana  studies. smart leaders way ahead of us wake up world
 does weed smell like skunk or do skunks smell like weed 
 holy smokes.  
 drinking a visionary brew 2015 imperial smoked lager by @rahrbrewing @ point lavista  
 @danstheman2000 yea but broke niggas wanna follow the hype and smoke some nasty shit.
 why did i just smoke lol i almost died with my baby lungs 
 if you think backwoods are too harsh just put more weed in that shit or use less leaf.   dont hate cause youre fucking up.  backwoods
 dog food companies are really looking into making marijuana edibles for dogs. lol
 he smoked it 
 yo boyfriend smokes vape pens
 as a libertarian  i think gay couples should be able to defend their marijuana plants with guns
 @cmsgov @medicaregov unable to report doctors who charge for time they did not actually spend for smoker consultation. how do you report it
 of course vinces dogs would eat my weed brownies
 and i want to smoke a cigarette after it all 
 good people dont smoke marijuana.   yeah  @jeffsessions well  good people arent denied federal judgeship for being too racist.
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 @thecontessajen can i ask you how you feel about cannabis cannabisfamilies  pot4parents   cannavspharm  womenofcannabis
 need a smoke sesh w my baby again
 i like how bates motel just completely abandoned the marijuana storyline
 on my mama im clappin any nigga from missouri that dont vote tomorrow we need to legalize weed next door
 might smoke me a blunt or two then go grab some food lol
 if i won the mega millions  i would buy a stadium and thousands of pounds of weed. and have a huge smoke session with all my friends
 all you do is smoke amp fuck nigga  that shit gon kill you  james funny as shit
 bouta smoke again damn
 well at least they didnt find the weed...  pray for me guys..
 i just wanna live in my own house and smoke a blunt if i want too
 im boutta eat and smoke and play 2. i been sleep since 12 pm lls
 mom i bought you a little back pack with jesus on it   but i dont want you putting your marijuana in it  
 @nvtreptar @pokerstars nah getting smoked tonight
 maybe all a smoke screen @physicalprep @adammeakins  ... clear things up with the evidence and here it is 
 @jimcramer booyah from missouri jim .. watch youre show every night ... cannabis industry .. what do you think of 
 holy smokes im in so much pain 
 georgia has got to have everyone smoked when it comes to tornado count so far this year. bring that to chaseable terrain plzzz
 today crime spree in raleigh co. leaves 2 dead  med. marijuana bill amendments approved  budget debate in charleston  and unc is the champ
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2605 chesterfield avenue baltimore 
 @mcclainonnfl smoke and mirrors  only temporary til he gets out of contract. fixing to be a big fued btween jjromo
 @tedcruz @potus @dallasnews if some one uses cannabis in their own home to relax does this count as drug usworse is alcohol and ciggarettes
 @ataveira @thirsttraper please tell me thats a niggas knees in that pic amp that u dont smoke crack.
 i cant roll  im smoker 
 im depressed  i wanna smoke a blunt and get breakfast somewhere lmao
 shoulda smoked before 
 @epcotcentre @waltdisneyworld banned me for life cause i forgot to take out my weed from my backpack thank you guys
 danielle ftd me to smoke in my face
 white smoke emerges over philly we have a new dougcar and its awesome 
 if you smoke   thats even better .
 soups of the day pioneer square   green lentil dal  potato amp kale with smoked gouda capitol hill   carrot with green curry
 hate seeing old people smoke cigarettes... yuck
 were committed to the cannabis movement by offering respect  education  amp delivering our promises to our patients  
 white tee ripped jeans pack of smoke thats all i need
 if you smoke cigs your weird af them shits dont do a damn thing
 were hiring click to apply cdl a team company driver  reefer freight   transportation defiance  oh job
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 39.29n 76.58w  send message. 
 gorsuch feels this way about regulatory agenciesbut its us who will disappear in a cloud of smoke after teamtrump eviscerates regard
 @realdonaldtrump you can keep trying to throw smoke on your russia connection but 2 many people are looking into you and your team for that.
 really hate when im trying smoke and ppl act like having a job more important
 riley calls yo i just dropped a delivery on your street... tryna smoke a quick bowl before i go back  
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 i r a expert fooditor @ old crow smokehouse river north 
 t1| vaz smokes a two strike double oppo. 1 on 0 out gbr
 i forget that weed isnt legal everywhere lol
 oh. my. gawds. @ omc smokehouse in duluth  mn 
 i was eating pancakes with a straight face listening to lil uzi  looking at nothing for like 5 min then i burst out laughing. i  marijuana
 i smoke too much 
 round 1 of the umg 2v2 1nd with @abezy vs smoked and skilliosis 
 thats how you weed out rinos @tuckercarlson tuckercarlson. love the show ive imagined having my own show doing the exact same thing.
 @realdonaldtrump it will ultimately uncover linking jaret to the russiaputintrump smokescreen to divert hrc emails revealing bho crimes
 i wanna smoke a blunt w @tabisthuggin 
 why is it so hard to find a chill ass lady who will smoke herb  go shopping with me  pig out and binge watch netflix with me any takers
 i wanna smoke a blunt with daniel tosh
 eggs  baby spinach with smoked gouda  
 cleared construction on i90nysthruway wb from after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 she dont even smoke just hit it once while light it
 were hiring read about our latest job opening here team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  
 only two people ik out here that had some rl stupid gass that shit u feel off the first inheal ... tired off smokeign this everyday shit ..
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 and in general weakens and destroys your body but weed is so bad. 
 to smoke with 
 some celebrate with deadly alcohol. i celebrate with cannabis because we still have zero 
 diabetic t1d cannabis coach quit smoking marijuana audio program cannabis coach quit  type1diabetes diabetes
 i only smoke one kind of weed og
 brown rice crispies @naturespath  banana and @manitobaharvest hemphearts with my cashew milk. a 
 i havent smoked for 4 days im dying bro  but with this money ima make im bout to buy me an oz when i land back
 im tha logo of my town. you still smoke brown.
 @ap smoke and mirrors..........nothing more than a distraction from trumprussiacollusion gorsuchnomination resist
 im ready to smoke 
 repost gt johnjsp1 chef christy angerhofer smoked salt and honey grapefruit jam food 
 ceo of cannabis firm women grow steps down to focus on dispensary  @womengrow
 roasted maitake mushroom  smoked eggplant  ramp amp pistachio pesto  wild greens    new family 
 weezy said mixing weed like its gumbo
 pursue 222 youth tonight 530pm  smoked sausage skillet dinner in 
 but the executive decision should have been to stay home not come to a hotel with 6 niggas to share one dime of weed 
 doctor asked how often i smoke marijuana  i lied by saying 6 days a week... 
 literally just want to smoke two blunts amp do homework for the rest of my morningafternoon until i have to go to work
 register today for a panel discussion on the perspectives on medical marijuana 413 @fscjofficial 530pm730pm. 
 pensacolas first medical weed shop to open 
 @tsa you guys almost made actual sense on the marijuana thing today... and then promptly went back to making no sense when we all notices.
 its 2017 and clemson still hasnt figured out that black people arent the only ones who smoke weed 
 then smoke all they friends out weed that her friends didnt bye girl bye 
 cleared construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway
 floral  drinking a sip of sunshine by @lawsonsfinest @ b.t.s smokehouse    photo
 i smoke to relax my mind
 i mean i smoke weed bc i like the taste weird 
 all this smell of bud coming in my room makes me wanna smoke but thats a dub
 420 pot day is in 3 weeks do u see pot users gathering to smoke in celebration talk to yr teens 420marijuanaday 
 or that one time someone smoked a blunt in the restroom  that shit was loud asf 
 if you smoke while pregnant then you love yourself more than your baby and youve already failed at being a mother
 people passing faster than im passing weed.
 this is why i smoke weed  i cant deal with situations like this
 i wanna be that guy that doesnt get hired cuz i fail a drug test for cannabis but have a medical card and take my case to the supreme court
 we get it you smoke weed.
 in traffic wit no blunts or weed   gwillafg drive the mf faster cuh im tryna smoke . 
 bro i got my teeth pulled and im sad as fuck bro i kant even smoke pissed 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from nassau boulevard station to hempstead station 
 for all of you who smoke cigarettes.  
 @impeachdtrump when will the gop finally say that @realdonaldtrump is a incompetent fraud and must go  hes their smokescreen.  beware
 @katiestatesman why is it expensive its a weed. enforcement causes price to go up and could be moved to k2. city 
 why does my ice cream cone smell like weed
 lmao i just stepped outside to smoke  heard a rattler and stepped the fuck back inside to grab the strap hahahahahaha
 i just wanna smoke amp watch fresh prince...
 this new weed tastes like flowers or something.
 im always losing weed
 if u dont drink or smoke thats fuckin cool for you but you arent better than anyone bc of it
 met a girl who proceeded to smoke way too much hash  and told me about in detail the socks she has to fold at her mall job
 honk for hemp  
 i thoroughly enjoy my off days... i dont do shit but smoke and catch up on my shows
 @estelagarcia16 and the icing to this cake is that theyre smoking weed while playing 
 i used to smoke the weed till my fingers burn
 its like i cant smoke nobody gas but my own
 say no to dope. infuse the smoke. 
 @1tasia lmao they weed suck 
 i dont give free rides  you either smoke w me or pay me  dont try to trade shit 
 if i can smell the cigarette smoke from your car at a stop light when your windows are rolled up  you should probably chill out on that shit
 so to marijuana for giving me cotton mouth 247 and making me drink nearly a gallon of water daily
 dont smoke weed  its the devils lettuce  it will kill you  go to church instead  stoners are loners  weed is not a need
 smokin weed ridin fast like that shit not illegal
 free smoke free smoke remixprod. by @neofujimuzik    @mickeyfactz you play mortalkombatx  @realdealraisik
 john elrichmannixon adviser getting the public to assc. hippies w weed and blks w h amp crmnliz both heavily  we disrupt those communities
 i smoke way too much 
 skrugg and i are checking out an suv opens door gets face raped by the smell of weed
 dont talk loud when you talk to me  bitch i fuck round and smoke you 
 @bigbowlsnblunts i dont even smoke but ill prove u wrong fool  tell me next time ur working  ill take a break just to prove u wrong 
 i wanna smoke and l and get some cheeks and go to sleep 
 only smoke it if its gas... way to grown for mid
 i thought it was decent plus i smoked like 3 blunts and the acting funny af 
 @ashleyjward drowning. it is the origin of the phrase blow smoke up your ass
 free smoke free smoke
 just wanna go for a long drive and smoke a fat blunt.
 drinking by myself everyday yall cant hang  ill out drink and smoke 95 yall facts
 arcades  weed  heaven
 just want to smoke and finish listening to this set 
 to smoke   or not to smoke   that is the question
 if you smoke cigarettes to deal with stress youre officially a bitch
 if you buy into the hype thats your fault. stop falling for the smoke amp mirrors because you  thirsty.
 i gotta find a smoke buddy...this not working i like smoking with people i dont mind sharing like some of the brokies its always more
 that moment you give a nigga permission to smoke in your car and he pulls out a crack pipe
 first of all this is beyond disgusting. and allegedly its over a dime  10 worth of weed  1 spliff. like he sounds 
 @sarahkliff just listened to weeds podcast  im wondering if youve heard of ruth ellen brosseau
 why u stressin im just countin money while i smoke
 errbody needa just smoke a blunt and watch cartoons
 catching up with canadian cannabis colleagues at the ccic conference. this tweet was brought to you by the letter c. medicalcannabis
 jeff sessions talking about marijuana is still funny
 regrann from teamnewlife1       regrann @ smokehouse beatsi made this for you 3ft 
 swamp head chipotle smoke signal on tap now.  @swampheadbrew avenuegastrobar beermenus
 sigh i wanna smoke 
 these kids smoke a couple blunts and think they hardcore stoners
 @liesseismia fuck you   at least i dont smoke meth
 die how you live  smokin weed and dick
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 alright seor weedwacker outside my window. i know you are doing your job but its nap time 
 i hate when ppl ask me to match like who like to smoke and be broke all day not me
 i dont smoke..never even tried it and never will. i be getting paranoid when someone even smokes around me.
 backwoods trash only good to face  and i only smoke them cause nobody gon complain if you roll a wood 
 yo if u want smoke me n @bigasslightskin  gon be outside all day smokin tree tellin at hobos
 got a smokepurpp amp lil pump tix for no jumper show  who wanna buy 
 dear @uber   1 you have the worst mapsnavigation. 2 let me leave comments for driver before pickup. 3 let me weed out low rated drivers.
 these two weirdos really tried waking me up just so they can smoke
 trying to wait for nav before i smoke this j  but also i might just smoke it anyway and then smoke a second one.
 if you get a sore stomach juat lay down or have a smoke
 really about to say i smoke cigarettes hell 
 on the way to gis school play and my grammy says oh shit i forgot the weed in my bedroom 
 @tedlieu @realdonaldtrump smoke amp mirrors. im sure presidentbannon is getting the same level of information amp has 
 smoking weed on a airplane gotta b so relaxing.. 
 i need a smoke 
 gastelum flagged by usada for marijuana  pulled from silva fight  usada kelvingastelum andersonsilva mma ufc
 i swear to god every time i touch this door to go outside to smoke one of my neighbors pulls up
 stuff 2 grams in a grabba lemme smoke to the good lifestyle
 someone pull up with some wears and smoke wit ya boi for his day
 wingstop amp weed date w my manz 
 duval smoked wings @ jax diner 
 wandering ques smoker. nycs kosher brisket king smokes in yonkers. @ lincoln park jewish center 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 i told the doctor i smoke like 5 grams a day she turn around like... 
 the weeds gone we mourn at night
 yo im convinced i wouldnt smoke as much if i didnt live at home.
 @freddyamazin @xoxonico marijuana.... alcohol has let me down a few times and given me too many ls
 she mix her coke with heroin  she call it speedballin  i mix my cookie with the og  i hear that weed callin
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2004 bank st  send message.
 i dont like that these bitches wanna freak me  tf gotta have hot dog or smoked sausage at all times  but thanks for the compliment 
 hanging @cigarmojo at the @epiccigars event. snuck in early to smoke this beauty  stop by and get in on the deals. 
 cant w8 to get off amp smoke 
 some people think that anyone who uses cannabis is a pothead. the reality is that a lot of 
 stephen jackson said he has played in nba games after marijuana use 
 see our latest lynchburg  tn job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight ...  
 peace by give us suicide that my slowgen its do or die weed was made for the human brain to erase the negative an help you calm your
 who wants to drive up to winter park and smoke me u0
 dont mind me im just high again smoking weed to get by again  no actually im lyin bc smoking it got me smilin
 these classes hell lol room full of drinkers and smoking   reminiscing on times they drank and smoke .
 and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 who wants to smoke
 you loveeee the weed 
 this russia stuff is too weird. theres smoke everywhere whens someone going to start dealing with the  
 wondering what hemp stands for hippies endorsing municipal pot. takethehighroad openthemdoors
 a smokey black alien on fullcoveragefriday beat @rlatex this time @skintightrubber catsuit @blackstylelatex pup ho 
 and if i smoke this bunt im gon forget you
 friends who sit out side n wait for you to smoke even tho they dont smoke
 i just wanna know why myself  a sagittarius  has to be the only fucking weed on this list 
 @newtgats this is why you need to come to cali  where the cannabis flows freely
 tryin to smoke and listen to this album when im off
 gas what i smoke niqqa @foreverlulu0  
 dropped my jar of weed....dropped my piece....dropped my water bottle....someone doesnt want anything in my hands
 wet a nigga like a rain coat famous amous got my own smoke 
 i need moon rocks ... weedwax form and yeezy form 
 i smoke more than drug dealers 
 where the weeds at
 episode 40  everything you always wanted to know about the cannabis industry but were afraid to ask   @scveterans   
 @cdctobaccofree just try to see it  from my point of view  im  allergic to cigarette smoke. 
 this why i dont smoke lol i cant see 
 this for the time i was sleepin in dat honda  remember i was sellin weed up out dat honda 
 heathers weeding proposal was so  then it was on her birthday  they so cute
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2921 belmont avenue baltimore  
 all niggas do smoke weed and complain about life
 smoke weed amp think about life
 when you text 5 diferent weedmen and not one responds. lol alright yall. right on 
 shes a little red wine  hes a little bit of whiskey smoke
 told my weedman roll up
 girls bkb wahlert 413 at 5a no. 15 hempstead 116 to tip. boys to follow. watch our livestream for free at 
 this boy at my job just said i remember one day you came in you was high ..... then i dont think girls should smoke lmao gtfo my face 
 @jgaudette85nh if im smoking weed and the cops show up my door and i eat the blunt. theres no more evidence.
 im jus wanna smoke and lay up  das it.
 im just trynna chill and smoke some blunt and drank
 yo i didnt know they had weed lollipops 
 @prucenter cigarette smoke lingering in ladies room by sec. 116 again. this is a frequent occurrence.
 oh  so he smoking weed like ya brother  im weak. @manibunny
 i asked my brother why he smoked with brown bong water and he said it helps me prove im not a racist
 i hit her up i tol her there aint no one around we should have some fun i have some weed we should smoke
 amp i smoke a lot of  need a pit stop
 after the river off to the park to smoke a fat jay and play music 
 if im nice enough to give you my coat  please dont go smoke pot in it and have it smelling awful
 bowlinggreenmassacre smoke barack hussein obamas crack cocaine or die was outed in gorsuch nomination by potus trump
 obama rioted on potus trump outed barack hussein obama smokes crack cocaine and if you dont he will rob kill you
 @scottadamssays @lisaindunedin read the article from your blog.look hard though...some of the pattern is drifting here like smoke..
 i dont need to smoke anymore.  especially im not hydrated.
 you do know some people actually smoke to sleep. it treats insomnia. 
 @w2ralph i got papers we shall smoke
 no more weed 
 and at 11 am this morning shalani told my dad i smoke weed 
 peace  many thanks to the art club at hempstead high for the invitation to talk about 
 not too bad. you smoke papers or blunts @beezshotme
 if she a heavy drinker or smokes a lot  i dont want her
 @jaclynhill please do a soft smokey eye  because a lot of us dont have the kylie palette if we wanted to do your look   love you queen 
 well  my dad caught a vacuum on fire and now the house smells like smoke. great job dad
 someone come over with some weed and entertain me and bev
 @kehlani just swing thru after the signing to smoke a blunt and watch some harry potter.
 hate when im not in my hood and gotta buy other weed i never smoked 
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 aye somebody come smoke this weed with me..
 when the bar is so chill the bartender walks outside for a smoke.  muteme
 we get it  you smoke pot
 okay  i have to ask. is it common practice for people who are delivering food to smoke in the car like while theyre out for a delivery
 friendly ghost ass nigga... i dont wana match i smoke my own gas nigga.
 honestly weed was the worse thing that ever happened to me.
 gearing up for thesuperbowl with @schnippers game day brat   grilled bratwurst  smokey 
 @485fredro @prince485 i got sum reggie. yall tryin to smoke...bring the goodtimes
 ion smoke or play 2k 
 im bout to be on my wiz shit and only smoke papers
 being out of weed is so depressing
 steve is filling in for me tonight at 9 at les amp doreens  1301 e susquehanna  fishtown smokefree will be back n 
 if i didnt have to go through a checkpoint on the way to cc id take some weed from here
 steak picada is back on the menu cuts of steak braised with smokey bacon and roasted peppers. only at taco zone 
 i love going into fine establishments smelling like weed.
 dank memes. @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  taunton  ma 
 i need someone to smoke with
 its not smoke its weed
 @xxxrachelroxxx i smoked a joint drank a beer amp dint end up in the walgreens parking lot screaming obama stole my foodstamps getn cop calld
 grilled nopales and smoked tri tip  thats how we do a healthy meal 
 i been tryna just chill and smoke
 whats next whats that whats up i just wanna chill drank smoke fuck 
 i just want smoke and go eat tacos.
 @ciboseven old smokeshow  cesar salad  amp oscarstyle potatoes...pretty much a slice of heaven. happyhour 
 this random ass girl in san jose just smoked me and my moms bf and her nephew out im so happy but she hella knows
 what exactly is that a major key to you know how many other factors go into maintaining a relationship besides weed food and head
 this freeway smells like weed. seriously me and my cousin wanna pull over and get high off this highway in delano 
 i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 @adro254 ill smoke witcha
 the fun thing i see about this so call ban is all the smoke around it.
 you tryna o.d. on weed lol
 now hiring senior scientist  smoke and meat applications |  us  wi  beloit |  jobs
 follow @naturerxediblesaz on instagram to find our unique healthy safe amp potent products at cannabis patients even 
 yeah  told ya you couldnt go wrong there. how was your pizza and what kind did ya get and did you try the smoked 
 one time my friend smoked saliva and stiffened up and completely froze like a plank. after he told us he thought he was a hockey stick.
 @caseyquin i thought i would see more girl scouts outside of the weed shops here in denver 
 at 84 years old  loretta lynn just smoked weed for the very first time 
 just what we need a fed judge from a place where u can smoke a joint while talking2 a cop amp online poker is a felony making nation decisions
 fuck smokehouse its all about sweets
 youll never catch me crying over a nigga but you will catch me smoking this weed amp making this money.
 if the whole world smoked a joint at the same time  thered be world peace for at least two hours wise words of my father
 @only1tynajah i always smoke   but ard im bout to get dressed . im bout to get yall high as shit amp yall cant hang 
 dude last night held the wood 2 my mouth for me so i could smoke while rollin and he said ma ya lips hella soft if thats not bay love...
 @tjeckerle love my good one smoker
 chain smoker  
 br weed so poo compared to atl weed 
 after you over someone they always wanna come back on some we shit bitch the only we i know is the we in weed . foh 
 if there isnt any weed there. dont count my friends being there.
 turns out the weed man that got married yesterday knocked his ol lady up lol
 tgburbank smoked pork and white bean stew  20 hour smoked pork shoulder  sweet potato pure  
 i close my eyes ignore the smoke
 you smoke dick... 
 sweet potato bacon hash browns amp smoked salmon avocado salad with a splash of fresh limeampolive 
 why tf does my car smell like marijuana
 why yall huffing glue like bums just smoke weed lmao
 im sticking to weed fuck alcohol 
 pecan smoked sausage.. turkey lil smokies.. jack daniels honey steak and chicken strips.. slow 
 i just remembered my wallet  a mini moet bottle amp my weed stash is in my purse  hurtn rn
 my mom just saw my dad try to sneak outside to smoke and is texting him the lyrics to puff the magic dragon
 see our latest clarksburg  wv job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 holy smokes the pregame is so much brady and patriots sb51
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke
 heres hoping those @atlantafalcons smoke those @patriots
 i wanna smoke rn.
 got the house super cleaned  cooked a good dinner  now gonna make me a margarita  smoke some  amp paint. goodday
 to the smoker hack lady on the train...  think its time to cut back.  i am feeling the tar in the air
 i swear only thing i do daily is smoke medical bud i geek sleep then dont feel like touching any thing but weed this isnt usually me
 holy smokes i did not see this coming.
 halftime weed cut 
 friend you wanna smoke another me 
 gabriel smoked butler lol
 blount sees free newspaper to roll up and use to smoke
 people who dont smoke weed wont know why people who smoke weed smoke weed until they smoke weed 
  he couldnt have been high off no weed acting like that 
 @aginglen6499 i just realized you sent that in reply to my marijuana post. i thought you just randomly tagged me in the video for no reason
 if someone smokes every day  cool. their decision. if they read the bible everyday  cool. their decision. why is everybody always judging
 israel takes step toward allowing export of medical marijuana 
 i just unfollowed someone on ig who posted a pic holding some new weed product but underneath his nails were filthy as hell.
 i just want someone to smoke with me babe  lay with me babe  and laugh with me babe
 i woke up about 4 am remembering @barackobama smoked cigarettes when he first was in office  and made me smile.... nothing about trump does
 amp by productive i mean smoke weed and play resident evil on you if you had some preconceived op ion i wasnt gonna be a waste fam p
 my landlord wouldnt get the fuck out of my room and told me to fuck myself because i wouldnt buy her weed... what
 this is what happens when you smoke to much chron. 
 monday with m of more smoked meat start your week strong  onlyatdunns smokedmeateveryday food eat yvr 
 my truck stays smelling like weed and i dont even smoke 
 @dilantabs snoop was just tryna find his bag of weed the entire time lol
 roll my tacos and smoke your weed. will do  amp count this chicken bihh.
 i just wanna smoke a backwood and relax
 i think my bros weed might b more dank than mine tf
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked 
 @flstateparks @floridatrail @theweedonisland yes we did. at weedon island. its our go to spot. turtle 
 people passing faster than i pass the weed  my daddy tell me stay strong son and be the man you have to be
 @mitchellvii just please remember many ppl are alive today bc of cannabis. my cousin had a 812 cent brain cancer tumor rso ate it in 6 wks
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we dooo
 i smoke ah vick ah day so this convo aint for me
 just successfully cooked without setting off the smoke alarms firsttimeforeverything
 all jokes aside. i will deadass smoke all you niggas with yamcha on budokai. and thats real talk.
 dabbn on em like the usual had a smoke fest wit some fine marijuana the other night w 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1801 guilford ave  trash can still 
 the whole city of vancouver smells like weed lol
 when she found out i smoked  it was over  i was hella baked too  
 you outgrow so many people because as you grow older you realize the toxic weeds in your life.
 we deserve a smoke break
 so im cleaning out my drawers getting rid of old clothes amp i stumble across a bag of weed  
 smoking weed amp watching tv. weirdmusik hiphop mondaymotivation
 drunk anthony i should smoke drunkhigh anthony y
 i smoked but i also ate an edible right before and im coming down but going all the way up again
 niggas always talk about how much money they have but stealing weed from young niggas lol ok
 i smoke one straight to the face
 this whole world want marijuana legalized i just want 500k for the needed times
 2 hours trimming weed loll
 about to smoke me a blunt and go to sleep. gotta work all fuckin day today 
 i got the bad weed blues
 i just wanna ride in my ride with the top down and smoke weed with my niggas
 @virtuosobob apparently they have good weed in seattle and youve missed this whole immigrationvetting debate.
 i wanna smoke 
 the first time i smoked was with my brother. the first time i drunk was with him. lmao the first time i snuck out like a dummy
 differentiation of marijuana headspace volatiles from other plants and hemp products using cmv coupled to gcms 
 so what we get drunk so what we smoke weed we just having fun we dont care who sees so what we go out thats how i 
 need to hurry and smoke a few blunts 
 maybe my astronomy prof shouldnt leave youtube playing in the background cause it automatically just started playing a weed harvest vid...
 you dont smoke though
 his truck then blew this like metallic looking toxic smoke into the air  i couldnt breathe also now im nauseous.
 @realdonaldtrump when you going to legalize marijuana so we can all benefit from the taxes. maybe you can get your wall paid for that way.
 nobody wanted to smoke w me last night lol my roomate was already tooooo high 
 man free niggas locked up for selling weed then . 
 i just smoked a cigarette outside of my window like who am i
 will smoke you out for ride 
 fuck the police tho  we smoke it like its legalll 
 it also helps that im actually doing shit with my life now other than school...i literally have to find a good time to smoke
 when the base siren goes off for potential tornadoes and everyone goes to the smoke pit to smoke 
 when you only smoke mids 
 i couldnt care less if people smoked weed or drank  just dont put it on your snapchat story for the sole purpose of boasting about it.
 i will smoke u down an l if you take me to woodland mall notplaying
 we used to smoke  
 call the weedman. @jeezy
 me explaining myself when one of my boyfriends asks you smoked huh 
 @f3strut smokey in the news 
 the best part about being a non smoker is smell good hair.
 even if im smoked out i cant be scoped out. imtooill 
 they really smoked this nigga 
 in humboldt you can get weed and wax delivered to you...
 smoke weed till i feel my heart beat
 its hard hanging w ppl that smoke cigs when you care about their health
 hate how my finger tips always smell like cannabis. 
 no you want a weed no thank you maam im already gay
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 5200 york rd  send message. 
 amp idgag if a female smoking weed id unattractive to you .. i aint trying to attract you mf 
 nanny just said smoking a weed
 friendly reminder that no one cares if you smoke marijuana so theres no need to post it on snapchat
 i hate receiving facebook messages bc its always some dude who sleeps on his mama couch and smokes blacks when he broke 
 @jvsbe its lit we need to buy some weed before we leave otherwise this drive bouta suck
 need a weed plug in san antonio hmu
 she said i got boyfriend ok can and im just smoke 
 12 hemp field  38. mccaskey 19 llhoops @andybrackets
 i finna hermit it up smoke a lil and watch the santa clarita diet
 lifes depressing why not smoke a blunt ya know
 at the smoke house aka the bar that was in la la land all we need is ryan gosling on the piano  
 tried to smoke a blunt backwards a couple times 
 i need sum good weed amp head to get my mind right
 @johnnybcomedy @geoonair @annahummelradio i wanted to name one of my boys first name smoke middle name more. smoke more hemp.
 they said we couldnt smoke in this bitch but we fucked around and still rolled up
 @bbychriss gotta weed out the poor people  so lets just make sure they die
 i need to smoke
 sounds like a weed eater
 just tryna smoke weed with a bad bitch
 a glass of wine  a bowl of weed. potato  potato.
 ima start a go fund me account for weed
 ive had 4 blunts with a few amount of ppl then went and smoked 2 with just one other person fuck im so high
 i just realized this sounds like ive been smoking weed  my eyes are red from rubbing them cuz allergies amp tiredness 
 @pineapples786 they look like dictator kitties they smoke cigars  eat amp talk politics wearing monocles of course when you arent home.
 standing room only for office of compassionate use workshop on medical marijuana in tampa 
 @bahamajoe0      next princes lieawatha warren will be sending smoke signals.
 @senwarren is all done in 2018.  curt schilling @gehrig38 will smoke your senate seat with a fastball.  boston love 
 anybody can have good highlights....even quinn  weeden  mccoy and rgiii had some highlights find the lowlights  
 what do police do when they confiscate this much weed 
 for those investing or looking to invest in states where business of medical or recreational marijuana is legal... 
 @mmflint maybe she can speak in her native tongue or smoke signals. 
 arizona could be new testing ground for hemp  via @azcentral good @arizonanorml @mikelweisser @norml @momforceaz
 what i learned in psych today  if u took gummie vitamins as a kid  u are 2x as likely to smoke weed or abuse other drugs.  whelp 
 i met my new manager today and the first thing he said to me was i drink a lot of coffee and i smoke a lot of weed. its fucking lit
 first of all  crack is cheap. ive made too much money to ever smoke crack. lets get that straight  okay  whitney the g.o.a.t.
 drop off peter  pick up shirley @ gutmanns north in north hempstead  ny 
 high off what nobody is that high off weed to not know they was fucking 
 my cat smokes crack. i needa ship this how to rehab.
 my patient who seems really cool keeps trying to smoke me out. lol never once did i mention i smoke weed.
 @realdonaldtrump @intel alternative fact or smoke screen
 you ever search for the smokecarbon detector thats beeping and cant find it thats how i feel about this president. helpmeplease
 spending time weeding in the lpo slowcoast  scentgarden is always 
 is that cheddar cheese weed  
 i dare you try and touch legal weed @jeffsessions
 @kaglome na just stop being a bitch for once and go smoke a blunt or something
 accident cleared in fortworth on 20 wb before mccart ave  stop and go traffic back to hemphill st  delay of 4 mins dfwtraffic
 big bro just gave me some weed 
 anybody down for a smoke session 
 i need somebody to kick it with  someone to lay back smoke a blunt with
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 699 washington pl  uncollected rec 
 im not usually a fan of smokey beer  but this works and is gr... fumare barrel aged batch 2 
 legalize that shit.. freeweed  legalize marijuana and tax that shit whaalaa freetuition    i wanna be a lawyer but  i cant afford it
 when you brother tells your parents hes going to the  batting cages but hes really gunna go smoke a blunt lmao 
 @swaggyteej better not smoke those sticks wo me
 i just wanna smoke and lay uppppp
 nothing better to do  about to smoke a spliff and do some online shopping
 @kiikatrevizo the tarteist gel one i use that one too. these pencils are good for the waterline and to smoke out...when you set them
 cos they smelled weed. bro these fools called for back up. like im really going to try something.
 when all you wanna do is smoke weed and eat good food and fuck around but school and work and life and blah
 wanna go smoke but my phone on 4 im boutta go sit in tha car
 @mlmwiseguy smoke if you got em mister l ampm. 21 great tobaccos make 20 wonderful smokes thank you for sharing your thoughts
 can you recommend anyone for this job cdl a team company drivers  reefer freight  minimum guarantee   hiring
 @davidsirota how many lives lost  families devastated by alcohol as opposed to weed
 i got drunk and smoked mad blunts last night but really i would rather have been cuddled up watching movies and drinking hot chocolate 
 @leewayrocks69 lolol im all for smoking weed but theres no way that the baby doesnt take in chemicals when you do idk
 getting lost in the smoke
 i got up at 5 just to smoke and then i crashed again
 i dont want to sit around in an apartment and smoke weed. used to be my thing. now its not.
 you can still see smoke bellowing outfrom all of the devoted pizzerias nyc nationalpizzaday snowday 
 come over baby im just burning marijuana till the third degree.
 @phoebebridgers smoke signals is unbelievable. full length coming out this year i cant wait
 all a man needs is good weed and a nice booty realtalk lurking
 honestly when do you ever need cash uhh weed and snowballs
 this is just a moonlight soaked  ring of smoke. right hand on a cold one confession
 i love smoking people out but i hate getting smoked out  like idk i feel like such dead weight if i cant contribute to the sesh 
 @obiwankanbogey @golfspyt well then  weeding my flowerbeds at lunchtime in sunny tejas doesnt feel like grunt work anymore.
 @potus @seanspicer edible marijuana scares me  it is concentrated pot oil  people do not know how high they will get as it is slow acting
 1. free willed 2. big ass 3. funny af 4. smokes weed 5. big ass 6. cute smile  7. chillll  the perfect recipe for a valentines day.
 i gotta smoke some weed cause girl you drive me crazy
 wanna smoke so much on my bday i wanna forget how old im turning
 sb0557 new as introduced  removes jurisdiction over enforcement of criminal offenses involving marijuana from t... 
 montel williams to debut own medicalmarijuana brand also getting lifetime achievement award for cannabis work 
 damn i aint smoke in a minute ... 
 my gal got a free weed pass with me.
 jeff sessions once said no good person smokes marijuana in case u forgot
 havent smoked all day dont ask why i have an attitude 
 wheres theres smoke theres usually fire.
 literally me every single time i smoke 
 sooo... jojo. yeen wasnt in my crib beggin for weed on yo knees and now talkin down on me bet touch down in my yard im in apopka 
 i think that guys assume if they blow black smoke from their daddys money diesels it will make their dicks bigger.  just a thought 
 goes from hey cam want to smoke to hey cam can i use your truck. 
 where the weed at in cleveland  hmu loud only
 now hollon you better get ya own style cause we been smoking high time weed for a while
 just tucking started a fire alarm in room for trying to smoke a fucking bowl like no prob
 bhahahaha. put that in your white pipe and smoke it trumplosesagain it would be fun to be a mouse in the corner o 
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 im the happy smoker. 
 bars and weed been more real then everybody else 
 idc ill smoke a half smoked cigarette if i need it bad enough
 you let it smoke a black and it died 
 i wanna go to smokey bones 
 @garysang @gordonj2k its a japanese arcade chain  with bowling and karaoke and open bar  also we should abduct that boy and smoke him a meat
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3625 falls road baltimore  
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 my dad doesnt understand how marijuana works
 quitting weed is hard
 people really will bash weed for being an unhealthy addictive drug but will still binge drink and smoke cigs 
 bruh  rt @fumandoescritos why do you smoke so much weed 
 me not being petty is like telling a crackhead not to smoke crack 
 tonight on pbs at 98c watch allstar tribute to smokey robinson  2016 recipient of @librarycongress gershwin prize 
 drinking a gumballhead by @3floyds @ sublime smoke   photo
 i just wanna smoke tbh
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 the hallway smells like weed 
 can i smoke weed if i have sinus infection lol
 pic of the inside of a smokers return ductwork. i had the privilege of working on this mess. another reason to not 
 had to give the weed a break 
 i just wanna smoke real quick
 if only i could smoke  
 maybe if you didnt spend your whole damn advance on some fuckin weed 
 i would lick 12 ballsacks rn for some weed cait
 i bought an 8th yesterday last night and i smoke literally one bowl and its all gone where has it gone im losing my mind 
 i dont smoke weedlil liar boat 
 man should i invite this cop into my house man  i got weed in here
 wish my parents smoked a little thc when they have bad days man
 lil wayne x pussy money weed
 i sent dis to my mom and she gon say nigga i know i used to smoke  
 so next time you are bored  smoke some weed bob marley aint got shit over me  attempted hijack of airplane to legalize pot.
 u took this picture at www hours of the morning. full moon over the smokey mountains 
 i smoke everyday 
 when the holy spirit wants to produce fruit inside you but you dont weed out your sinful nature 
 after yesterdays smoke session  i am now a regular backwood smoker 
 yes  carl. she won california by 4m  other than that she got smoked amp just 2 remind u she won a whopping 57 counti 
 all u do is smoke  fuck you amp fuck off
 somebody just come here and smoke one wiff me 
 applewood smoked baby backs  bbqdetroit detroit barbecue barbeque eat pork foodie food 
 burgundy smokey eye on thealiciabarnett for @hornokplease hallmarq nyfw fw17 backstage 
 maple glazed fried donut  stuffed with smoked bone marrow pastry cream  maple bacon  duck liver mousse ice cream vi 
 everybody in the break room is staring at me lmao the weed in my bad is so strong
 coffee  smoke and coffee  drinking a beer for breakfast by @dogfishbeer @ timothy otooles pub    photo
 i dont smoke a lot  just like a bowl or two a day  @rebekahalyssa 
 another successful smoker. excited for the new members that want to join this amazing organization. thetachi ox56 
 somebody bring me a rello and ill smoke you up
 jus gone stay to myself smoke my  weed amp evaluate sum ppl in my life for now 
 haha bro come smoke this ganj out my ass
 nothing like watching 2 guys smoke pot in the parking lot outside of a target in napa california in the middle of the day. weedcountry
 @ruok1964 id smoke his ass
 think im gonna go lay out by the pool and smoke blunts when i get off work that sounds so soothing.
 never used to be a smoker  now im chain smokin 
 today ive made strawberry jam and started weed wacking the dog paddock. its just past noon.  thats what happens when the tv breaks.
 i lost more than a 8th of weed so im bout to get sloppy drunk
 money clothes and hoes blunt smoke comin out da noseeeeee
 dad im experimenting with the meat smoker  its a new recipe. me what is your independent variable do you have good controls
 thinking about going to see hippie sabotage and thinking about getting meet and greet pass for chain smokers
 did the rangers partake in cat pee and weed night during the intermission
 i need a blunt me  someone who doesnt smoke.
 i ont smoke krack mf i sell it .
 baby sis down stairs making brownies for the church and im thinkin like damn i got jus enough weed to put in it 
 i have never smoked box vine
 smh what kind of bud are you letting him smoke @cyartym18 
 i think i just smoked some bad weed
 does anyone wanna smoke
 all he do is smoke weed. sick of it.
 i talk a lot but also trust i can back up everything i and i dont wan no smoke from i
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 536 south bentalou street baltimore 
 todays burger was so lit. im going to crave it again after i smoke.
 trust me bruh... ive smoked an 8 gram joint. and that aint even the craziest shit ive done
 should i smoke fuck it 
 holy smokes this place is awesome you gotta check it out great drinks. amazing vibes. 
 see this is why i smoke.... so when i move far away from my friends and family i dont have panic attacks everyday  love i love dying
 as the marijuana burn we can take our turn singin them dirty rap songs
 now i will smoke my pain away .
 as a teen i had all the intentions to keep it g  take niggas hoes and smoke hella trees with em
 i smoke mary jane  make my eyes look like jackie chan
 she just wanna chill with me and smoke up all my weed  so i rolled up some of that moon rock and that bitch went straight to sleep 
 you smoke me nah why 
 i dont smoke weed or drink hard liquor every week or have sex or go out on the weekends but i dont think that makes me dull or boring 
 someone smoke with me after work
 new paltz where everywhere you go smells like weed
 mesmells weed if u have anything id suggest putting in ur car guy nah never  me finds 15 joints... throws in 
 how the fuck are the chain smokers and chance the rappers considered new artists 
 the perfect afternoon to just smoke and drink and chill.
 martha would smoke a blunt with you and help you spy on your ex 
 @wizdonnnn ima smoke in the shower 
 newspapers serve as chimneys to carry off noxious vapors and smoke. thomas jefferson
 we smoke os in the whip
 you are not a plug if you only sell weed.
 i cant believe the dick smokers won a grammy meanwhile sia has been writing hit after hit for years now 
 | i kinda wanna light up a couple smokes  kinda want some crown mixed in my coke  kinda wanna 
 praying for a snow day tomorrow so me and homegirl can just chill in bed smoke hella weed and eat oatmeal
 you ever be mad af  then smoke  then think damn i was tripping  
 these niggas smoke everyday lmao
 i can vibe to smoke break at any time of the day @chancetherapper
 the best rapper in atlanta and some guy who allegedly smokes penises 
 when you hear there will be a base wide room search because someone got caught with weed usmc 
 cant even trust reviews on weedmaps cause those people just leaving reviews for gifts 
 i bet my soul smells like weed
 every night misty talks in her sleep and tonight she said  that looks like some dense weed
 if my doctor says yes im gonna smoke a blunt for all the ones i ever missed and needed asthmalife
  is what i smoke
 cleared incident on i90nysthruway eb from after exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34 to exit 40 i90  weedsport rte 34
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend.
 ill sell yall 15 grams. im not stingy. lol weed should be cheap if im getting a good deal
 and smoke weed 
  dang im sick asf i lost my 5 i wouldve got some weed  
 @brennacantrell8 and also everyone at my brothers school thought he had weed on him like 
 all ya do is smoke tobaccah 
 laughed with her  smoked gas with her
 some club at school were cooking burgers and i walked through the smoke  now my hair smells like mesquite.
 didnt even have to smoke to do this . we was so damn bad we did it anyway  
 i love that my parents know i smoke amp are ok with it bc i can spark at my crib then climb in my bed amp schleep
 only half the driveway shoveled and i just want to smoke  cuddle  and watch netflix 
 lebatardpodcast dan puffs  chest  and takes on all the governments of the world regarding marijuana use
 bra most of my money really go to weed and food then the rest either to clothes for me my girl or my siblings
 who wants to smoke a blunt in the valley thats not going to flake lol
 mariah  bon jovi  mjb  lionel richie  smokey  bruno  beyonc  gladys  toni braxton  dionne  chaka  michael bolton all have endorsed rihanna.
 can we just talk about how i went outside to smoke last night and someone came by and locked me out on accident at like 130 am
 cant date anyone who smokes cigarettes. i hate the smell of that shit  
 monday burger and brew special is a bbq bacon cheeseburger with smoke onion rings paired with 
 @madisonrawson holy smokes youre old. youre going to catch me and pass me soon.
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 8541032 granby st  
 time to smoke a blunt amp go work out
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 4646 maryland 45 baltimore  send message. 
 i just wanna smoke n go to the movies tbhhhh.
 end of half buckets are being earned. manheim central leads hempfield 1714. @llhoops @gametimepasc llhoops
 smoke weed but get your shit done.
 i need a tolerance break like now okay im not going to fucking smoke for a week i can smoke like so much and get high for like 10 mins
 these weed aint got no seeds. @shyglizzy 
 boy smoked em both
 i miss my cat. i smell like smoke.
 bryce hempel with another big block
 in....miss.  bryce hempel grabs rebound.
 if i smoke this blunt boy  imma forget about you. 
 @livvvventra thanks home girl but i dont smoke weed what are blunts and what is sushi
 when i took my meds for the first time and forgot and smoked i was so damn slumped  couldnt sit up straight  
 i smoke to survive  
 happy birthday to my favorite hiking buddy  sista  and weed lover i love you bb girl  you da best 
 beth jerry what are you looking for jerry our weed wacker because our weeds are wack yo
 @yngspyda mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @rob4buckets mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @m0viee mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @truedreamreef mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @prettypersuasia mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @visualsocietyla mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 yes good people dont smoke marijuana quoted from our attorney general. he also doesnt support civil rights enforcement by the police.
 all i want to do on this valentines day is smoke tons of weed and cuddle with ryan. 
 dont make me smoke up all your kush
 smoke break chance the rapper when yall been so busy and yall just need to stop and smoke a blunt aamurys17
 happy valentines day marijuana youre the love of my life.
 i was tryna smoke
 ill bring the weed if you bring the henny 
 at last  monsantos roundup weed killer must have cancer warning label  safefood slowfood eatorganic groworganic
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike 
 need beats  need weed  shop here @taisinatra
 lmao some one in my apartment complex burning valentines day breakfast i can hear the smoke alarm going off
 spicy red chili ramen  with a veggie cheeseburger bao on the side. not to mention the smoked 
 i just want to smoke a blunt after work and listen to some good music
 cruising through ri on this lovely valentines day about to smoke the perfect v day gift  an ep 
 your valentine smokes ecigs lmao
 view from my smoke spot. i can see it but i cant. chandlerbiketrailnorthhollywood blindphotographer  infj 
 i could smell the weed from three cars in front of me as the guy opened his door to give his mcdonalds order because his window didnt open
 this is 2017 and we still cant smoke weed on college campus what is this
 i need a bad bitch to sit passenger while we smoke this shit
 found a song called donald trump makes me wanna smoke crack which is just as catchy as the title is funny
 shouldve just got my granny some smoke for valentines day.
 @joydivizn i remember you selling me  harrison and chandler weed with uriel and cameron weiman. shits crazy bro
 fav this tweet and ill smoke a blunt with you
 why is this not a thing already  you have to be a certain age to smoke seems like its a parallel concept. 
 open this week everyday from 1100am  630pm. if you need to get or renew your medical marijuana recommendation we are here to assist you
 when you smoked weed 2 times before and you want everyone to know... 
 i have yet to find a female who can out smoke me
 the manage guv s ne a smoke
 the smoke is getting awfully fiery.  russiagate
 once opon a time my vdays were wingstop  a quarter of weed  and 24 movies from blockbuster after school . hahahaha differentimes hsdays
 if you smoke tobacco dont... shits not cool bro
 @realdonaldtrump i have epilepsy is there anything you can do medical marijuana to help come out with more studies the cost is so much
 cigar smoke to close the evening. cigarsocietyofsouthflorida botl sotl blackcigarowners 
 where is the trade with the weed out south i dont see my nigah i use to fuk with on western ..... ineedweed
 i havent met a mfka yet that live in colorado that can out smoke me. 
 at some point we all smoked that dirt weed
 reid wasnt just blowing smoke. 
 indiana senate oks treating epilepsy with oil from cannabis plant fox59morning 
 if you smoke cigarettes you can hit the doooor 
 i need to smoke more than u kno
 about to go on a late night walk and smoke a solo blunt 
 we really taking brian with us on sunday cause none of us wanna drive high asf since he dont smoke lol
 all we do is smoke  drink and fuck in that order but lately i want more of ya.
 thank you to my fckin roommate for setting off every smoke detector in the house an hour before my alarm goes off on the day i work a double
 i dont love em  i dont chase em i duck em  smoke somethin go to a new state soon as a i fuck em
 mixed greens  avocados  smoked salmon  shrimp  sun dried tomatoes  balsamic vinegar.
 the first thing im boutta do when i get paid is buy weed so i stay home 247 like i used to
 ill light this cigarette and smoke the night away and hope that saturday will be the day that everything feels okay
 if you cant knock weed for a real job 75 w benefits  then you dont want to enough. yousleep staybrokeandhighthen
 feeling hungry try the smoked salmon rollatini salmon rollatinni freshmozzarella pepper 
  people will believe what they want to believe. truth is to hard to deal with for most. example smokers amp drinkers
 pulled out my pencil sharper in class and discovered it was actually a marijuana grinder whoopsiedaisy
 @dollymac713  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 we deserve a smoke break
 i read these while high thinkin i smoked myself retarded 
 @drosstoofly12  bruh pops already know you smoke my dude
 for the last damn time .. i dont sale weed  
 @realdonaldtrump wish i could be there. behind you 150. drain the swamp. elevate the bar. weed out the slugs. celebrate wins
 @keciaaa you dont even know how to smoke 
 now les go smoke . 
 @smashcoots @domangirl  i think i see weeds growing outside here  lol
 i was never into guys that smoke or party every week and not care about their future 
 sometimes i feel i will only use my degree to find ways to smoke broken cigarettes.
 my sister just said it smelled like weed  i asked how she knew what it smelled like and she said cause of me  oh
 girl i was messing with fucked on my weedman. i got some shit free as hell once. this nigga looking at her like 
 me and nina used to spend like 1000 on weed every month i just realized that 
 @ejazmin10 well at least i now the area your around to smoke one im down lol and i was smoking in the car to lol
 @foxnews the more the american people learn about donald trump  the less they believe the smoke and mirrors fiction of his success story.
 @kinggottihuncho get to it  free smoke  ofn
 i can smoke all day b honestly 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 it was extremely unexpected but greatly appreciated thanksgod @ slap ya mommas smokehouse amp bbq 
 if i light the backwood in here will the smoke detector go on 
 @potus only way to remove chapos power amp shell corp. slush  is to decriminalize all drugs  legalize cannabis the @cias biggest  maker.
 kodak smoke broccoli my nigga smoking popcorn 
 what type of weed marlon was smoking on that episode cause they odd
 light that shit then pass that shit  we gon get so smoked out
 can weed cause anxiety  
 man everything in here smell just the weed
 somebody tryna smoke
 smoke weed  eat the pussy like a snack hoe.
 i love you baby of course you gotta put in i dont smoke  
 got a smoke show and cant stay loyal... what is wrong with these fools no need to date if you dont want the per 
 doobie upon doobie upon doobie until im smoked out
 pence aint no olive. more like a cactus. or  stink weed. the trump administration should fall together 
 lancaster catholic didnt hold the ball. hempfield didnt hold the ball. they shot a combined 5for32 in 1st half. 
 this job might be a great fit for you class a cdl team company driver  reefer freight  dedicated lanes...  
 just another way california becomes even more compromised.  disgusted with medicinal marijuana when it is nothing m 
 @oranmorsession weed and cats  get ready 
 this kid next to me is really wearing a mickey mouse weed hat and googling yung thug lyricsamp gucci belts..   
 according to trumps beliefs  he should declare smoke alarms as illegal  witnesses should not be allowed in courtro 
 all yall ever wanna do is snort weed and vaporize zans 
 see our latest austinburg  oh job and click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight ...  
 at 903 pm  1 nw weed siskiyou co  ca mesonet reports nontstm wnd gst of m48 mph mfr 
 coffee  weed  cigs
 i dont even smoke  @ la boom 
 i have been revived this morning alis finally serving breakfast bake and smoked herringgggggg oh laaaaawdd faddd 
 lemme know when the price of weed cheaper than the price of a candy bar ..... now thats the amerikkka i wanna live in 
 the margin is false but trump may be so full of the smoke staffers have been blowing up his butt that he is even mo 
 i wanna do sports but im lazy   i just wanna smoke and sip lean by the court lol
 i got a new propane heater this week.   the smoke and open fire of 
 another bill to legalize recreational cannabis is in the works. what are your opinions on the marijuana matter 
 im scared to smoke a vape because i think it will blow up in my face like that guy on facebook
 andd both yall suck ass @prvncessshelby dont smoke dont do it mabel  
 one of my life dreams is to fall back and smoke good weed wit @wizkhalifa 
 going york me to smoke weed
 seven grams of weed  you smoke that  but im high off life. i could fall out the sky like twice
 how much rent money you spent on weed and js  niggas 
 you never know how pissed a vegan will get if their food has chicken on it. lol especially a young vegan 22 who doesnt smoke weed.
 i dont even want weed i just want my bed
 warm weather makes me wanna smoke  smokefree35days
 1. you short asf  2. you know you a midget right   3. you smoke too much . 
 a little nomad weed in the garden of the world
 i cant drink  smoke  or pop your memory away...wtf...
 are you frustrated with the length of time its taking @justintrudeau amp his cabinet to legalize marijuana  taking calls now 6042809898
 too turnt rn come thru lets smoke n sip 
 candler friday night. . . . docmartens fire friday @ smokey mountains north carolina 
 hydrating essentials@earthlybody hemp oil  @sheamoisture face mask  @freshbeauty sugar lip scrub  @lushcosmetics m 
 drinking an el presidente smoked porter by @wreckingbar at @wreckingbar  
 i havent smoked in a whole week im so strong
 just posted a photo @ smoke bbq taqueria 
 rl asked me if we can leave da school to smoke. moee 
 the weeds @ rebelle 
 come witness the mount pleasant hiphop showdown 4smg @ six lounge hookah amp smoke shop mt.p 
 the amount of weed i buy youd think im a plug
 itsabouttimei smoke a bowl to play this game 
 @ryokendusky i think you hit the weed too hard
 holy smokes that was fun.
 desperate for fucking weed its been a week since iv smoked because im a broke ass nigga.
 very optimistic about the new bipartisan congressional cannabis caucus and grateful for 
 got everything you need  weed or the cocaine if a nigga bleed leave him dead like cobain
 @cleovixenxxx weed always works for me i suggest a nice indica strain. that should take care of you
 also. weed is legal in cali. we dont need that dirt shit over here noway 
 so bitches really do suck duck for weed  
 @smerconish and trump voters andor smokers are not a protected class either. okay to say no to them.
 @stewarthaasrcng @mobil1 @fordperformance @clintbowyer lets go make smoke proud
 i smoke too much time stress over anything
 eating breakfast with marykate and she called me a smoked sausage im confused is this a
 i need to smoke yo 
 rode around n ur car  put my weed n ur blunt  i seen the world from ur eyes  u pulled a thorn from my side  i thought u loved me
 workplace drug testing isnt that backwards thinking  how to protect legal cannabis consumers  via @cannabist
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 i just wanna ride in my ride with the top down and smoke weed with my niggas 
 i literally wake up thinking about smoking weed lmao
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 come faster than that money in my steve madden bag   you say i want smoke  you say you gone pull up tho   y you flexxin tho
 guess ill take a lil smoke ride to the city.
 bbq smoker for loving husband 
 cmon so we can go take slim weed. @reddsolo
 best bbq in nyc @ john brown smokehouse  @johnbrownsmoke in long island city  ny 
 @smokeybearlit @drewsofficiai i dont know man we both smoked the same thing.
 that awkward moment when you accidentally tell the drivethru person  you want a side of marijuana instead of marinara...
 hell yeaah i smoke weed  cause i like to go green tyler 
 where the fucking weed men at when you need em
 might as well smoke a cig 
 main course spicy noodles amp glazed smoked duck personalchef foodporn @ lower manhattan 
 all everyone wants to do anymore is smoke weed and get drunk.
 @laaalaaalexia same lmfao but weed just taste so nasty to me thats why i always use a filter in my blunts  scoobies gross me out so bad 
 hurry up and smoke your cig so i can smoke another one
 i havent smoked all day
 drinking a smoke amp dagger by @jacksabby @ swillburger the playhouse  
 @bitchimightbjr u could have smoke our hookah smh
 the typa bitch who smokes is my type  
 i just wanna smoke dope amp get money
 im gone smoke this dope 
 smoke my weed  mind my business 
 @weedmommy weed mommy
 hmu if you wanna have a smoke sesh right.....now
 i need smoke another one 
 we dont like brown weed mac dre voice
 aye someone smoke these blunts w me
 anyone up wanna smoke some blunts w me
 to smoke rn or go to sleep 
 need smoke
  atl is nice asf. this weed situation would be the only thing to make me not want to move here lol.
 my first nicarusticabelly its an awesome smoke with mapcocoffee @ two rivers mansion 
 i want a pellet smoker.
 im throwing a weed party at my crib tonight  females only tho ya heard. im tryna feel like diddy
 anybody wannnnna smoke
 tryna smoke with ya and explore your mind
 im smoke this kush till i passed out
 once again.. vegas oasis medical cannabis presidents day specials vegascannabiscommunity 
 homophobes shouldnt be allowed to smoke weed. idk why that makes sense to me but it does
 @tammy4u2nv thanks. smoke a number for our numero uno uncle.  chillwithchabo 
 where da smoke
 the haute side of the high life sensimag @ cannabis wedding expo 
  yes i   hemp for the people 
 ugh i just want some good music and good weed
 having sobered up a bit i have now decided i am sticking to marijuana it doesnt make me want to puke
 the west bout to smoke the east
 russ wanted smoke that on purpose so bad 
 street tip  never buy weed from kids that go to cp. shits always gonna be weak.  knowtheplugs noreggiehere
 fuckkkkkkk  lets eat pizza and smoke out that nigga chuck 
 art amp science come together in the quest for a cooler  dryer smoke in this modern take on the 
 on a scale of one to chicken caesar salad at midnight  how good is your weed. foldthedishes
 everyone is out for the night  im about to smoke a few blows then sleep
 the weed im smoking called fat freddy cold 
 growing fields of marijuana n corn n cotten in alabama butt for two days ago happy birthday paris i give u a ring made by hamlett
 first thing imma do when i get home is smoke 
 changed in pajamies  cereal  heater blanket on and a j ready to smoke for bed  yesssss
 who knew it would be soooo many weed termsphrases 
 @fusion @kellierosewick free ebook on marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine 
 listen to smoke one prod. by truey lewis by trey t3 turner np on soundcloud 
 so im runnin from this damn bear ion even wanna smoke bro i just wanna live so outta no where jaelon hops out and t 
 if you smoke 247 you need to also smell good if not dont come the fuck around me fr
 if i say lets smoke and you ask if i have weed imma just walk away from you    i always have weed and you should too smh.
 a lot of mf round me aint good for nun but smoking all my weed and asking for a favor
 lmao my mom never smokes but the one time she does she gets drug tested at work damnnnn  i feel bad
 hcsm news  government to weed out pesticides from foreign websites  cc foodie  winelover 
 saginaw bathrooms smell like vape smoke cause thats all these white boys do here 
 woke up too my neighbors smoke detector going off 
 @sin4vik i didnt say i didnt smoke lmao. dont get defensive
 poor joey gets so frightened when the smoke alarm goes off. this time i found him in the bathtub.  pitbull 
 sex weed and garlic bread
 @biggigantic any chance you guys can get me on guest list for tonight ill smoke yall out fat 
 @nonbinarymilf the scene where anne hathaway and chris pine ride horses in the smokey night
 perhaps this will be the first and last notmypresidentsday  lots of weeds to go through before fields of grain.
 @yaeeee can we please smoke today  think i might purchase 2 blunts cause i cant and im finna get drunk by myself. im pissed off
 i hate niggas who sell weed out of butterfly jars because they are nick size and people try sell them as dimes...
 im high n i aint even smoke
 i need to smoke.
 my first smoked chicken wings and  by far  the best  prepping for lundigras photoshoot at 
 @dayshiamarley thats why i wanna take boxing to relieve stress . cant smoke a blunt rn
 i smoke rapper weed
 gonna smoke a cigarette and listen to new lana
 yall be claiming the weed man as yall boo and still be paying for weed 
 i need to smoke . now
 i eat hella kale amp smoke hella weed amp still say hella in normal conversations whatami  
 issa cancer stick. ion know why people smoke em 
 the biggest culture shock of moving to nyc is seeing people my age smoke cigarettes like girl spit that cancer stick out b4 i smack you
 this is the reason i smoke so much but im trying not to 
 hey cavs weed need this guy 
 pop a pill   smoke a blunt im just reminiscing
 i aint left my room unless it was class  weed  or food 
 smoke weed eat yogurt 2011
 fuck matching lets just smoke.....
 and smoke of course fuck what people think
 i just want smoke and watch anime with the snacks
 everytime me and bae bout to smoke we jam tupac 
 theres always that one who does a speech on the usage of marijuana  we get it ya smoke weed
 isnt weed mom in congress park  saratoga springs 
 oh you smoke weed well i personally think thats thee most dumb ass thing to waste money onampi literally see no point in it. but good on ya
 i literally said marijuana when i lit the blunt lol
 finna smoke then get in the shower
 only smoke crazy glue
 so if you eat weed its the same as smoking it  
 im the dude who left his duffle bag at the bart station and probably lost my laundry and weed and my favorite sweatshirt
 the worst day of my life was when me liana and dagmar drove around for 3 hours looking for a place to smoke bc we wanted to be adventurous
 really have been thinking about cutting off weed completely or really really slowing down... its just not the same anymore 
 i hate people who think smoking weed is the coolest shit ever
 my hair smells like weed
 purple weed strains get u high  shit dont pack enough knock out for me taste dope tho 
 @young6mot do you think more  than 20 negroes can ever smoke in peace with tranquil @ the same time
 i just smoked so i could go to sleep now my stomach sounds like a fucking lion why me
 @randy6517 @donlemon @cnn @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity weedhuffing racefascists who swear allegiance to ignorance  violence amp idleness.
 toyotaofboerne is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 breathing smoke is bad breathing tymberskan smoke is deadly. 
 dont trust jeffery ill rob you for yo toaster  im a fucking pot smoker not no fucking stock broker i thought i told you nigga
 also special place in hell for cigarette smokers who just toss their butts wherever. public space is not your trash can. 
 everybody always looking for weed when im m work but let me be home 
 smoked so much weed i better off alone in my own zone 
 i wanna travel the world an eat good food  read a few books  smoke some good weed
 lot of recent pumps getting smoked today zais myos pulm zsan
 magic tweets nba scores a half day after they happen. he is going to be so bad at that job. holy smokes
 rolling marijuana thats a cheap vacation
 first time having poutine... @ smokes poutinerie in toronto  on 
 mmmm nothing like getting on the bus amp smelling nothing but weed annoyed 
 ima stop smoking weed get hella ripped and model underwear 2017 we on new shit
 i need weed 
 @petertaggart this is such a good podcast omgggggg. lauren weedman cameo
 yall dont want no smoke with the mario party.... @pkelly @buckpistorius @stewmaloley
 holy smokes kohl was muddy. cant wait until the round pen is good to go to work him. building that bond 
 today gun be the first day i aint smoke atleast one blunt in a min lol
 act like you dont know what i need  bitch hennessy and this weed
 ya girl is finally a legal marijuana smoker 
 im never smoking weed again
 holy smokes 
 amp i always try to find the owner from money to weed
 if i met @csydelko id cry and then buy her taco bell and weed
 just posted a photo @ smoke tree ranch 
 baby that baby too crazy  put me to sleep like a baby  i like to smoke w jamaicans
 so was there a massive thunderclap or did i smoke too muchuhhh....tobacco.... seattle thunder
 never going on a trip with someone that wont let me smoke a cig in their car again
 someone facetime me while i take some dabs and smoke a cigarette. ill love you forever
 colorado is crafting a state certification for organic weed  merry jane 
 when she ask if i smoke weed amp i say nah. amp she go good i dont like niggas who smoke whole time i smoke crackgtgtgtgt
 on facebook  digital smoke signals is live broadcasting from standing rock. bear witness.
 just trying to smoke with someone so i can go to sleep after
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 711 w 40th st  send message. 
 bouta smoke a blunt and go
 @thesteveslater texas smoke hopkins  i have issues with my name...
 yall why yall snitch on jade we over here trynna smoke our blunt and the office here in our face fml  
 its not too late to clear the smoke in the air. @ empire state building 
 theres smoke in my backyard  
 everytime i got a new weedman in atlanta they always tryna short me
 repost weed.xotics with @repostapp   @ los angeles  california 
 this what i get for tryna smoke wit niggas
 sometimes you need a smoke even when youre not a smoker. life is like that  you know 
 i sound like a 60 year old man that is a chain smoker. fits me well
 you need some good weed lol 
 wearing my snuggie outside to smoke 
 never smoked fry gotta be a g till i die
 if youve seen weeds  jimmysteve is in it
 the spanish building smells like weed
 who wanna smoke
 my mom really hate weed like so bad 
 my teacher goes thats shouldnt equal 420 whats on your mind lol  the weed nig
 @oreilly @tuckercarlson @hannity what has been cost of legal marijuana and sanc city pls educ americans we need it  pressure for chg
 controlled burn getting lots of calls about lots of smoke near campbullis  officials say there is no threat. 
 yea i know my cough sounds like i smoke a pack a day dont look at me ur hair is greasy
 4 days without the ganja
 i fucking hate getting smoke in my eyes
 lol she smoking weed with chop sticks 
 @chmpy bro you aint never really smoked til you smoked a jazz cuh
 bacon wrapped burnt ends go on the smoker. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android 
 this crowd seemed to agree about marijuana legalization  mcclintock supports taking it off schedule 1  warns about 
 right cause im just trynna work  oooooh good weed white wine  
 someone come smoke with me and watch me play video games.   really just need a bowl packer
 this oversized vegetable manti turkish dumpling looks like a hug w smoked yogurt amp sumac  
 @mcgurlproblems im on my couch watching bong appetit on vice. wishing i could smoke and eat pie with you lol.
 lmao that weed is getting to your little brain. you tweeting at me but you telling me to stop tweeting at you  get 
 democrats should weed out portman. votedems 
 anyone who ever smoked with me a say i got stupid pearl
 spends money on an ecig  just to smoke a pack of cigarettes on your day off 
 seriously  what is the recruiting process entail for fbis  antiterrorism agents interview answer buy weed  give rides  inform about isis
 master jefferson was a lifelong hemp smoker..
 that one person you can just chill with   smoke and talk too ..
 honestly dont care what you do i just dont wanna smell the weed on you. why are you doing that before class
 to smoke or not to smoke
 5 bottles of wine  weed amp 1 bottle of meade for 5 wonderful women  ladylove nastywomen winewednesday weedwednesday
 everytime my mom get a rental we smoke that bitch out like its ours 
 anyone wanna tan and smoke today
 my best friend smoked her best friend
 @makinnplays nah i prefer them over smokers lol so idc
 @craigrozniecki true border agents tell me they find marijuana bales all the time but say fuck it  send it through. probably no nukes
 i have to fumigate the grass  remove the outside stickers of the windows  clean up the styrofoam  an pull out the weeds.
 this day is starting off great especially when your math tutor smokes you out. 
 now yall know good and damn well weed the most chill shit on earth 
 ed sniders daughter on investing in what helped her dad medical marijuana  via @phillydotcom
 come join us for a smoke on the patio @ park lane tobacconist 
 did @seanspicer just compare opioid addiction to marijuana use
 ive been at wdw for 3 days this week. my sister and i fake smoked a cig to honor my grandma who loved disney amp cigs 
 did anyone offer you marijuana cant sell it  just smoke it.  btw  i am a legal marijuana advocate. 
 i guess states right is ok unless its rec weed doj is going 2 go hard on rec weed  now my state pass rec weed now a crime wrong state rights
 all i wanna do is smoke a blunt outside in this weather  too bad im dry and have class all night
 shoot yo weed man if dat shit aint smokin
 one of our new brekkie sandwiches at the southie shop starting on monday the 27th. smokehouse 
 trump administration signals new war on drugs  crackdown on marijuana use by @atrupar 
 stop smoking weed in the library damnit
 my bio teacher looks like nancy botwin from weeds
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics 
 spending money is too easy it sucks lmao i just got gas food and weed thats 65 im 20 minutes
 crazy thought  opioids are the gateway drug to opioids  not weed. 
 @angelarye @bakarisellers trump admin getting tougher on marijuana usedoj cranking up private prison use  more blacks in prison. watch
 and i cant sleep these days unless i smoke one
 coffee and a smoke after dinner 
 alcohol never showed me the tender love and care weed has.
 havent smoked since i left atl so thats gone be my new thing only smoke in atlanta.
 its so sad people still smoke cigarettes
 republicans argue statesrights on almost everything but then go after states that legalized recreational marijuana. 
 i wanna smoke again amp i just did smh
 i dont smoke but i knew this would come all the pot trumpets hes taking it away lol you bunch of idiots 
 .@thegranada .... can you lay off the smoke machine coughcoughcough helpme
 so leave interpretation of title ix up to the states but lets cock block them on weed laws for no fucking reason. 
 ion even smoke im just dumb 
 gtf...nigga i aint been to jail since 2007...ion smoke no damn camels no more 
 time to smoke this blunt and go away...
 all i smoke is killa
 no smoke  @smokepurpp 
 i feel like if you smoke cigarettes youll never be able to smell good until like a year after you stop. like at best youll smell neutral.
 iteam guns legal  marijuana legal  but not together   8nn  via @vanessamurphy 2a news
 im finna smoke my own dope
 im in a group chat about weed and ion even smoke
 mfs always talking about heaven you smoke too much like mind yo fucking business i know what im doing. 
 smoking weed makes you anti semitic
 when she asks you to smoke her up for free 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3423 juneway baltimore  violation notice outs 
 i swear everyone who works at wawa smokes boags  all i ever hear is can you cover my station so i can go smoke
 you literally have to be an idiot to be fired from a smoke shop  this kid is a joke
 very false  we do not all smoke boags 
 if i pull up with a paper you still gone smoke it 
 only 16 amp shes a baddie  love amanda  and this smokey eye look she did  
 @dustinbschwartz i dont know what marabunta is. strain of marijuana coffee
 i needa smoke an ounce to the fucking neck. 
 my mom had to me see a shrink cuz i smoked pot as a kid so they attempt to fix my drug problem with drugs 
 last year i paid 20 for @jcolenc tickets in the lawn and got smoke the fuck out and had a good view  now they so expensive miami
 @psychopappy1961 @foxnews @heytammybruce @potus poor babyeither you stopped thinking or medical marijuana amp pain killers got the best of u
 @robdelaney somebody blew marijuana smoke in my wifes face at the spring store and she threw up. she has a week to live now.
 maddies mom came in and she smells like musty ass weed and then turned around and called herself musty 
 @cnnbrk and u glue the boxes together.. so it doesnt move..  due to carbon emissions laws.. smoke should not be used.. use cgi...
 another glorious friday in aggieland. todays pitmasters choice smoked turkey legs with a drizzle of momma mays 
 see our latest columbus  oh job and click to apply cdl class a  team company driver  reefer freight  otr  
 i smoked two joints at night 
 yeah i dont think the feds are coming for tommy chongs weed habit somehow 
 brampton project paneled walls  smoked grey crystal chandelier classic contemporary design 
 yall putting chemicals on your weed to make it last longer   
 just finished taking a free smokey eye makeup class at @sephora  amazing team amp talented people feeling beautiful 
 why would i stop smoking weed
 god blessed me with a new neighbor my age  that is in the same grade amp smokes
 thinking about making a myths about marijuana video. what do you think
 smoke all my weed   tattoo on titties 
 anybody wanna smoke 
 smoking weed with youuuuu. in the leaves  in the fall
 @amberawx view from the 93 bus heading north on mlk near smokey row coffee 
 not the biggesy of blaze fans  but this albums smokes virtual 11 up the irons  
 def hittin up the weed sto this weekend. what a week. 
 gogreengogrow obeistheplacetobe the weeds are gone thanks to a hard working crew futuresfoundation 
 president trump please end the prohibition on cannabis now
 who trying to smoke blunts and hit the auto show
 imagine if some previous administration had taken the opportunity to take marijuana off schedule 1.  i once hoped for that change tytlive
 @realdonaldtrump please make marijuana legal and take it out the hands of drug cartels so we can get the medicine we need
 no weed  bouta take dis perc and pray to the kush god
 just wanna smoke a blunt and get some chilis. im over this hotel shit already
 trying to get interplanetary enough tonight to smoke a dart
 @vonnier57 @timothyjpadilla @allbrightnfl @cbslocal i mean 3 paragraphs in that article it says the weed was laced with meth. cmon man...
 neeeeeed weed. neeeeed to smoke. fuck.
 need someone to smoke with
 we deserve a smoke break 
 nikki probably sleep i have none to smoke with
 for every brick i sell i can smoke half a pound  for every tape you sell  im gettin rollies busted down tank2k 
 im tryna smoke n go eat but these niggas biiiiig folded
 oh my god this drunk bitch is in my building i am trying to smoke pls get out my domicile
 i thought republicans were against the overreach of the federal government.  california legalized marijuana.  states rights donny
 niggas that dont smoke  dont bother me 
 i need to a girl who i can show off and smoke with
 @realdonaldtrump marijuana is medicine  think smart... be a business man. give these people in pain marijuana think  think  think
 12 wapo buried the scariest part of wh prodding ic to call media theres no there  there. smoke. fire.  
 tobacco smoked pork for dinnerpartydnld tonight officialwinstonsalem @ 1703 restaurant and catering 
 @marycaitlinbyrd @senatortimscott except for immigration...and legalization of marijuana...and...
 @durhamntx when clean coal myth no jobs etc...amp trump base doesnt get workthey need labor message millennials free college amp legal weed
 aphios develops fdaapproved  cannabismedz for opioid addiction  epilepsy amp multiple sclerosis news press release 
 bite into one of these smoked chicken wings and youll come back for more every saturday  smoked to perfection 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you light up   turn this up
 the top 4 nfl players who smoke weed its no secret these high paid nfl stars love cannabis 
 we smoke so much the ashes starting burn on me
 girls who smoke crack gtgt
 its gon feel so nice to smoke a blunt in my house today 
 @truthsself @staywithwilders wheres theres smoke theres often fire. any legitimate potus should have the thick skin to withstand.
 its a mixture of weed and chicken in the air in new orleans 
 its time to breakout the beach pants vanessa is wearing the oceanside beach pant amp smoke 
 finally after 4 years of struggling with bipolar disorder today is the first day ive felt normal thank god for medicinal marijuana
 drinking a lil smokey by @funkbrewing at @funkbrewing  
 wicked weed brewing can party ready to go   happy birthday to one of our regulars  sean  hell 
 specials today crab is super limited   a fresh batch of smoked salmon belly candy and our 
 corey  trevor smokes  lets go 
 someone come smoke these joints wiff me
 this is why local politics is important.  theyre going against voters trying to continue to criminalize marijuana 
 i love thunderstorms. someone come over and smoke and chill in bed with me 
 @soimlikeword no. not everything has a point. smoking weed in the wh isnt the most disrespectful thing thats happened there tho
 the smoke detector in my dorm room says to replace it by 2003 so thats pretty cool and safe
 i know you peeped how he swiped the weed on the ground  @shonyaee 
 wtf  people would rather buy weed than keep gas in your car smh 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 saen the god  cause im always blessin.   you dont smoke  so you always stressin
 @aorecovery @potus i no longer use morphine  oxycodone xanex  lyrica after 17yrs  use medical marijuana now  feel a lot better amp happy 
 taking away recreational use of marijuana isnt going to stop people from smoking
 we gon roll one  smoke one  when you live like this youre supposed to party.
 bathroom break @ weed rest area in weed  ca 
 @sensanders im thinking marijuana is a lot better than the vicodin they give me.
 rly happy to have my runner back so i dont have leave an oil trail around town and run away from the pathfinder as it smokes out snoho. 
 i really wanna smoke rn
 winmeoverwith weed.  good weed 
 i wanna pull up on somebody and smoke one and vibe
 god i made the and  everything good  so im smoking my cs and weed and sniffing so tell my bitches dont worry lord its a reason for all shit
 all your myths about weed debunked httpst.coc7bkrzfboc
 me and hannah finally smoke together after all deez years 
 i havent smoked weed in a week  that doesnt seem like a lot but for me thats the longest since october 2015 
 i woke my mama up fa church i asked what time she usually get up  she said what time is it i said 920 for now she said holy smoker boy 
 not just bacon... applewood smoked bacon brunch 
 @harrydhale holy smokes 
 i didnt know weed can walk away all of a sudden 
 @monoxide420life @dizzlette thats like my city. rather fuck with the parents that smoke cannabis  but not to deal with the alcoholic parents
 u smoke all day amp be broke
 i feel like weed edibles dont do shit to me
 freemattelam its was only 126 grams of weed. its not gonna hurt anyone realtalk 
 i swear i meet the people through football and weed
 accident in lasvegas on n michael wy north of smoke ranch rd vegastraffic 
 sunday home made brunch  creamy scrambled eggs topped with smoked salmon brunch sunday 
 as @sensanders takes another hit from his publicly provide hemp amp bong 
 its a beautiful sunday afternoon   lets smoke and thank god for life
 new sunday plan of attack buy smokey.
 the only reason i havent got out the bed yet is because i need food and a place to smoke. once those are accomplished straight homework
 @sensanders to begin with it was the federal government that started the big lie about marijuana with reefer madness  bs propaganda 
 sjc residents complaining of smoke and ash in the air  according to sjcfr its a 260 acre controlled burn. first 
 dallas city council could vote on citeandrelease for simple marijuana possession as early as march 8. 
 bey. my eyes was so red. i thought ise bout to dead. i saying how i ga tell my mummy i had weed and das why i dying.
 @realdonaldtrump needs to legalize marijuana in new york already 
 dawg i got smoked at drill so fucking hard wtf that makes no sense 
 we already have weed  we dont need big pharma to make it super expensive  
 where theres smoke theres fire. a insight into the failing trump administration trumptard easyd twister  
 baby hit this weed cuz it might calm you down
 @fuccdacomp drink orange juice and smoke everyday lol youll be better in a few days
 cant believe we set off smoke alarms 
 these niggas arguing over which direction they blew the smoke out lol petty
 @realdonaldtrump out that in your pipe and smoke it donnie  fakepresident socalledpresident 
 these guys were staring at me through the window then they came and knocked on my door and asked if i knew where to get weed
 btw i hate cops  all good people are weeded out early. all career cops are craven rapacious ghouls
 there was a puff of smoke and a second envelope on the grassy knoll 
 no matter how much weed i smoke i never get red eyes  born blessed 
 @rolandsmartin @tvonetv roland its a smoke screen.
 dnhayek at her best.... lmbo @ smoke justis 
 my parents find out ive been smoking amp suddenly im not the kid they raised or im a different person all because blow smoke out my mouth
 dinosaur bbq smoked wingsexcellent from the winterfest wing walk wings winterfest syracuse 
 twin wake up tb you tryna smoke girl im tryna drink my coffee 
 they the hardest rello to roll tho  amp smoke da best  
 wanna fix this legalize recreational and medical cannabis. just look at the stats in colorado.opioid use and od ra 
 @swangcs lol they got the right head for it haha. pits are like the ogs of smoking. chihuahuas n shit are the smokers who be buggin out 
 sippin some coffee... smokin some weed...  jus uploaded a new song from me check it out
 @tylerdaswick loved your mmj roundup  do pr for dr dabber  honest mj amp seedo. happy to help w more cannabis stories. ethan@nisonco.com
 if i smoke this blunt  im gon forget u
 smoke  eat then smoke again
 since im sick  im gonna take the opportunity to smoke some weed and brainstorm on paper. got some brilliant ideas.
 yes i get it  you have a maserati and a few rolexes  you dont have to pretend to smoke your stupid vape to show everyone douchebag
 woman weed amp weather 
 cigarette smoke is the worst 
 soundcheck timreynoldstr3 florida @ skippers smokehouse 
 i be tired of my car smelling like weed 
 were hiring click to apply team company driver cdl class a  reefer freight  newer equipment   clarksburg  wv
 this smoke and burning smell is spreading in manassas. wtf is on fire
 somebody joce me on ft while i smoke this gar
 thanks colgan i just love the thick layer of smoke and the smell of burning trash
 i need marijuana
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via iphone at 1726 portugal st  . 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1823 east pratt street baltimore  send message.
 so a snails b2b 12th b2b griz and a blunts amp blondes b2b boogie t b2b ganja white night happened
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1824 bank st  send message. 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1004 north carey street baltimore  send messa 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1000 north woodyear street baltimore  send me 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1011 north monroe street baltimore  
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 1423 mosher street baltimore  
 that ish dont happen with my hemp spinach. vegan govegan veganvlog healthiswealth birdflu 
 @aynrandpaulryan @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends would rather eat  drink  smoke dope and fuck around while still living with mommy if the r
 @juliexxxkay smoke luv  fukk them
 diabetic t1d get a new life quit marijuana now get a new life quit marijuana now this  type1diabetes diabetes
 pussy money weed
 216pm  i gotta go outside and smoke me a cigarette before school ends
 @hardknock035 @soundcloud nd ibeen thinking too g you nd dis na @ykwildend willl smoke some shit on larry hoover nigga nbs
 bc i smoke that means i dont wanna do nothing with my life 
 15 minutes till i can go home and smoke a fat l
 i dont even miss smoking weed anymore.
 who is coming medical marijuana farmers market at magnoliawellness on 318 from 9 to 5. dj  food  fun. youroaklan 
 im ready to smoke goddamn
 jordan doesnt let me bring my dogs because theres a no pet policy but smokes weed in the bathroom even tho its a non smoking room.
 and last but not least... i wanna smoke a blunt wuth beyonc
 tryna smoke a j with @hippiesabotage after their show in dc
 awl man they smoking weed in the tattoo shop
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 3520 east baltimore street baltimore  send me 
 survey suggests legal cannabis industry could take 7.1 of beer industry revenues 
 @realdonaldtrump holy smoke tremendous development  mr. president god love amp bless you  sir thanks for caring amp keeping your word 
 dont smoke weed or youll end up like these guys. @jeffsessions 
 @hacris93 how much crack did you smoke to make this comment
 oh yea and some smoked sausage for desert chicken pablano and cheese and jalapeo and chedar 
 a half cold beer aint cold. berightback is still goin. a half smoked cigarettes still smoked  and a half broke hearts still broke
 bomb eyebrows  good weed  sublime  breeze fall days amp bee 
 havnt smoked today shoulder shrugs
 @richbenter weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 all i do is smoke weed and then smoke more weed
 @breathegod yoooo imu bro hope all is well  gotta link up soon and smoke a bowl lol
 they are will be smoke 3.17.17 
 a night alone to myself not letting self drink and must wait 2 hours between smokes realization im stressed
 let me go smoke a cigarette 
 i cant wait to go home   smoke and watch my ratchet shows . i made sure that i wouldnt miss any of the tea  
 gaining that happy  weight  my relationship with my baby weed has been the best 
 home an smoke my life away
 quan and her husband want to open the marijuana medical dispensary on noriega.
 dracos  big smoke dutches  stretch the pack
 yli wont ever smoke . i always smoke hella around her and she never wanna hit it. 
 somebody come and smoke with me  lol
 drugs have there pros amp cons like anything else in generalprofessionals amp convicts smoke bonds of runs at home getit legalsteroids pa
 opened report via iphone at 299 centre st  dorchester  please cut weeds growing out of side 
 dam we smoked a fat ass backwood and dabbed fat asf and had hella beer bro when i got home i shlumped tf out and just woke up for water
 @jasoninthehouse @repchaffetz you have no credibility use dts smokescreen to cover russian involvement investigatio 
 i farted guys sorry bout the smoke
 i smoked last night amp took drugs i dont know why i can remember or even dream
 @wetcrack1 whats for breakfast and dont say weed.. cuz i quit smoking... 
 second hand smoke is the worst. 
 like this new bud i got reminds me of the last jay i smoked with my dad.
 new government strikes group to determine where marijuana will be sold in nb  
 i understand where the smell of smoke is coming from but the fact that i dreamt that hobbs was engulfed in flames is still kinda weird
 i smoke me a blunt about everything then toast it up to the weekend 
 west texas...wind  sand  smoke... 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 young legend in the making  welovehiphop the worlds most smoked out podcast  hiphop101 
 @nolimitmingo smoke that shit
 cynthia stay hiding our weed  like i dunno where it is
 when the weed so good you had to explain everything from the beginning... passthejbruh wityahighass 
 focus. screw the stupid health plan its a smokescreen russiagate trumprussia russia 
 off the menu special  smoked salmon collar onigiri. portable rice ball snacks  filled with 
 how long it take for weed to get out your system 
 insane in the brain smoke a lot just to maintain
 @thejuanwilliams @potus @thejusticedept smoke and mirrors is all you offer. there are no ties. ur buddies have all the info and know it
 last night i smoked a bowl and listened to the whole blonde album. it was amazing 
 just wanna smoke a blunt n die
 im thinking they ina car hotboxin i open the door buko cigarette smoke slapped my ass
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 2817 pelham avenue baltimore  send message. 
 fuckin and smokin on marijuana
 havent tasted it yet  but the food inside looks like marijuana lol. 
 spoon w @jimenoacid hiding in the smoke @ the observatory orange county 
 regrann from @jazzungang    @rocmarci no smoke sneak preview ft  @pirateknowledge amp @e2wink13 
 i think im just going to go home and smoke and read on my front porch.
 but first imma smoke
 only guys who smoke talk to me why .  i dont smoke
 bitches must really be out here fucking for weed.  yall stay on here saying that shit  but ive never seen it.
 people make smoking weed a big deal now  
 he say he want smoke i wanna fuck his sister
 lmfao n then come smoke on my patio 
 ok not entirely. lol i smoke them for the taste. my actual anxiety cigarettes are strong and manly ew no thank u i smoke pianissimos only
 imma smoke one
 so even though weed is legal in some states  the employer in that state can still drug test for it weeeak
 i smoke more blunts to myself than i do with other ppl
 let that weed go and watch yo pockets fluctuated.. unless you the weed man its pointless
 too bad it doesnt have weed in it it would have been way funny. but the flowers suffice 
 that feeling you get when you inhale that smoke
 you dont   it smokes you 
  swear i need a loyal weedman this nigga take forever or always gotta re up bitch you fired
 gotta follow my number one babeeeee and her medical marijuana business deedeesmedicatedtreats . 
 .@katieleclerc tell your fake dad to get it together cuz his wife is a smoke show
 i wanna smoke like 5 blunts rn
 more smoke. 
 i remember 1 day i smoked so much backwoods amp 50 i couldnt even function out like a 
 veterinary marijuana with pet owners already using the drug as medicine  veterinarians need to join the debate. 
 @nahuatlmama @zestyfagottini your child back when it is just weed.
 free healthcare for all  including people who smoke hah
 i never knew id smoke cigarettes  
 i want to smoke
 @sandrakoat love ur dresses u wear do you smoke
 hahahahaha these guys that are always parked outside of my house smoking weed got caught by the police and i cant stop laugung
 youve drank amp smoked away all your brain cells me  shit probably
 i legit started crying because idk what i would do if something happened to my smokey  
 took a hitta dat weed got me feelin like myself again
 alcohol is basically a drug that is legal thats weird isnt it  im always confused why weed isnt legal thats all
 boutta pull some moves... who tryna get smoked up
 wake and smoke
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang  i just slam dunk your bitch hall of fame
 showed you what it is you disagreed back the fuck up take a shot  hit some weed
 this room smells like my weed....... gas  
 bru   i need to smoke some dope 
 idc if anyone smokes everyday til their lips and gums turn purple... i just dont smoke so i rather not be around it . do you tho
 she rollin up a nigga swishers she dont even smoke 
 i havent smoked since last wednesday and my tolerance is gonna be fucked all over again lmao
 super star shit  sellin smokers that wet shit  right out the jar shit
 dont try to shame me or anyone else because i dont do drugs. you can smoke and drink and do what the fuck ever and i wont say a damn word
 how to people afford to smoke cigs
 i always see disturbing images in your clouds of smoke.
 cuando te quieren dar un birthday blunt  now that your 18 you can smoke right   its vegan
 priorities vote to protect companies from responsibility for a known carcinogen  but cant pass medical marijuana 
 bout to work on this music and fire up some weed wit @screwmaneflame
 so excited to meet everyone at altaspringboard stop by the softpro booth to enter to win a masterbuilt smoker ki 
 earlier i was smoked weed called blackwater. now im at a bar where doobie bros black water is playing. tell me life aint the greatest trip
 nice day to smoke a blunt outside 
 closed trash  high grass  or weeds request at 22 south pulaski street baltimore  send messa 
 @woridstarlaugh nah i aint no bitch when i smoke
 theres a lot of smoke inside an incompetent and insipid administration  but all the russia stuff may just be smoke 
 stop and go traffic in bellaire on 610 w lp nb between fournace and hempstead  delay of 17 mins traffic 
 i truly love weed so much  its like too much 
 dont stress over me baby girl  smoke dope
 president trump meet with medical marijuana patients like my sick daughter.  sign the petition  via @change
 i like weed better than dabs.....
 come binge watch weeds with me...
 always smoke the loudest loud but im always ready
 damned already since when might as well give end to the hempsativaness
 @noemichellew @0nel0v3 aye tell whoop dat trick get em.eating pills there in the air wit da weed smoke been a og crazy as hell bars
 really just wanna lay up smoke amp play the game 
 i love smoking weed. its keeps me clam amp at peace
 smoke a lil weed but i got my shit together
 ill smoke backwoods but i wont roll them and if i had a choice  i wouldnt smoke them at all
 im 38 hot rn im just gonna smoke and go to sleep before i flip shit on somebody 
 lol niggas only smoke backwoods cause rappers do  they do nothing for you
 smart kids that smoke weed   guilty
 roll up amp smoke my sins away
 eatin a fat steak here at the smoke house restaurant play some piano for us @ryangosling. i promise you wont get fired this time lalaland
 canadiansarentsorryfor  stopping me after i smoked my last three joints  to approach there border security  crossing over taking selfies
 @fpsnake two smokes id say. two songs away from a two song encore.
 innovation beer dinner course 1 barley smoked lamb salad  mixed greens  pickled onions  feta  
 just tryna chill and smoke some blunts with the girlfriend i dont have
 my homegirls that moved to jersey hated it too. id bring the weed amp theyd roll  thats how it goes.
 happy international womens day just teamed up to ask a creepy dude to leave a woman alone to smoke her cigarette in peace 
 going in tomorrow to renew my medical marijuana card. expired in november. cannabis startup life postponed. looking forward to my medication
 this bitch definitely smokes black n milds without the filter on em 
 about to smoke b forget about you hoes.
 i really attempted to finish this blog post and then i smoked and now im watching the office 
 my weed orange like a fucking cantaloupe
 amash cosponsors ending federal marijuana prohibition act of 2017  via @k0d4
 @gitaskapoor @kantakkantak   the termites are everywhere and they need to be weeded out.
 @damnerinnnn deadass lmao im scared to even smoke bc im driving tonight lmao you got me shook af
 thanks to whomever sent me this smokey the bear resist shirt. ill do my level best. 
 i needa smoke
 i like my bitches rollin i like my weed rolled
 who tf thought it was a good idea to start weed wacking and leaf blowing at 8 in the fucking morning fuck you
 just want to smoke and l and get lunch lit donewithwork 
 opened trash  high grass  or weeds request via android at 1713 harlem avenue baltimore  tra 
 @vampybitme you always help me out. lets weed out the horse faced egomaniacs amp the bratty snot nosed primadonnas from the world.
 min of public safety  mike morris says province is unaware of any coordinated actions on marijuana operations. 
 @kathleenq @ericbrownzzz like wtf bro you might as well admit to the weed  because you also have cocaine in ur room dawg
 @jmijares3 happy birthday  smoke some dank for me today 
 the weed here is amazing. its like liquor stores. but  instead of a liquor store  you walk into heaven.
